deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[606.493408203125]
[631.425048828125]
[1383.141845703125]
[561.8402099609375]
[278.5989685058594]
[254.10879516601562]
[431.8061828613281]
[527.5451049804688]
[376.73858642578125]
[349.3564758300781]
[324.155517578125]
[183.0142822265625]
[214.51791381835938]
[166.2747802734375]
[210.19808959960938]
[228.81484985351562]
[144.04928588867188]
[3652.324462890625]
[130.6477508544922]
[371.5746765136719]
[175.5021514892578]
[188.8171844482422]
[159.88681030273438]
[121.35441589355469]
[821.4235229492188]
[140.25344848632812]
[220.8594207763672]
[88.31770324707031]
[231.12596130371094]
[142.41610717773438]
[363.1709289550781]
[87.07865905761719]
[68.79513549804688]
[101.14860534667969]
[90.78627014160156]
[85.52733612060547]
[208.91864013671875]
[75.1056900024414]
[504.3563537597656]
[67.00360107421875]
[1682.7940673828125]
[69.20454406738281]
[40.261253356933594]
[53.60673904418945]
[91.96424102783203]
[85.91790771484375]
[47.264286041259766]
[45.37751770019531]
[126.15243530273438]
[34.15898895263672]
[39.848575592041016]
[38.10527420043945]
[35.6331901550293]
[57.23568344116211]
[22.375831604003906]
[31.586183547973633]
[19.588897705078125]
[586.6068115234375]
[28.729856491088867]
[34.93197250366211]
[27.866661071777344]
[26.967947006225586]
[25.811359405517578]
[358.5429992675781]
[23.843639373779297]
[22.96609115600586]
[137.30540466308594]
[21.257156372070312]
[47.623409271240234]
[19.757719039916992]
[15.679587364196777]
[18.260129928588867]
[10.321449279785156]
[84.18199920654297]
[16.206954956054688]
[9.004103660583496]
[29.001386642456055]
[421.6222229003906]
[14.845560073852539]
[9.63148307800293]
[14.945392608642578]
[7.482489585876465]
[14.479649543762207]
[49.475154876708984]
[18.486125946044922]
[26.559009552001953]
[131.7918243408203]
[22.009746551513672]
[15.543573379516602]
[215.3706817626953]
[8.146395683288574]
[19.75531578063965]
[24.485206604003906]
[12.781537055969238]
[61.51976013183594]
[84.53485107421875]
[68.59632873535156]
[82.28417205810547]
[35.98854064941406]
[12.154145240783691]
[14.601234436035156]
[8.8654203414917]
[411.734375]
[8.369457244873047]
[9.846879005432129]
[19.816844940185547]
[1111.65234375]
[287.387939453125]
[74.97964477539062]
[16.6009464263916]
[21.361085891723633]
[23.238771438598633]
[26.61202621459961]
[24.6501522064209]
[24.402650833129883]
[22.68893814086914]
[61.271427154541016]
[19.746129989624023]
[31.592483520507812]
[16.015073776245117]
[20.680137634277344]
[14.895462989807129]
[52.2880859375]
[156.37124633789062]
[36.982242584228516]
[27.29574203491211]
[11.998129844665527]
[10.94430923461914]
[29.75811767578125]
[10.068188667297363]
[9.864933967590332]
[21.125913619995117]
[63.17620086669922]
[9.176806449890137]
[9.044974327087402]
[18.12879180908203]
[17.73305892944336]
[6.7765092849731445]
[37.10551071166992]
[104.42469024658203]
[8.287383079528809]
[90.12842559814453]
[7.910144805908203]
[54.306278228759766]
[7.2778215408325195]
[29.425962448120117]
[20.80609130859375]
[15.566981315612793]
[10.780250549316406]
[136.00343322753906]
[6.6937055587768555]
[5.356720447540283]
[12.830455780029297]
[9.23921012878418]
[6.7288079261779785]
[282.93505859375]
[51.32634735107422]
[10.995494842529297]
[6.946727275848389]
[10.987125396728516]
[6.350542068481445]
[101.98148345947266]
[109.76412963867188]
[71.63542175292969]
[8.710511207580566]
[5.535233020782471]
[249.4072265625]
[6.076006889343262]
[71.65026092529297]
[92.10987091064453]
[17.2542781829834]
[12.806526184082031]
[6.633718490600586]
[4.355940818786621]
[7.014620780944824]
[10.935137748718262]
[10.81594467163086]
[76.51171112060547]
[7.256853103637695]
[43.06357955932617]
[54.18788528442383]
[7.084388256072998]
[6.915898323059082]
[93.50361633300781]
[43.77183151245117]
[5.941096305847168]
[17.798927307128906]
[3.6623642444610596]
[9.203593254089355]
[213.4869384765625]
[3.3159289360046387]
[4.937896728515625]
[11.420493125915527]
[32.939449310302734]
[363.3578796386719]
[11.862251281738281]
[5.3429412841796875]
[3.421189308166504]
[5.531668186187744]
[2917.148193359375]
[184.55906677246094]
[6.080049514770508]
[458.4111633300781]
[9.227063179016113]
[123.78364562988281]
[14.53325080871582]
[30.238000869750977]
[35.860382080078125]
[20.450302124023438]
[132.19224548339844]
[21.740188598632812]
[59.53107452392578]
[544.2884521484375]
[18.83251190185547]
[12.354640007019043]
[63.48707580566406]
[14.090909004211426]
[44.14993667602539]
[754.8119506835938]
[21.7152099609375]
[63.367191314697266]
[102.76405334472656]
[26.435274124145508]
[15.064288139343262]
[10.426665306091309]
[51.77983093261719]
[16.897998809814453]
[21.674570083618164]
[1466.7718505859375]
[14.522080421447754]
[15.456997871398926]
[252.35409545898438]
[13.554232597351074]
[13.4716215133667]
[45.408348083496094]
[13.67505168914795]
[14.1345853805542]
[7.2553791999816895]
[14.264643669128418]
[509.0537414550781]
[9.330172538757324]
[13.091923713684082]
[12.298922538757324]
[7.361050605773926]
[14.461148262023926]
[10.883260726928711]
[33.892059326171875]
[52.592899322509766]
[33.690067291259766]
[9.71458625793457]
[594.1840209960938]
[9.784172058105469]
[11.630054473876953]
[207.09088134765625]
[63.91903305053711]
[28.86764144897461]
[53.7140998840332]
[69.02307891845703]
[109.5557632446289]
[43.297298431396484]
[17.902416229248047]
[86.62919616699219]
[56.273643493652344]
[66.16767883300781]
[17.031099319458008]
[15.30975341796875]
[15.264941215515137]
[12.58479118347168]
[27.35039520263672]
[12.079202651977539]
[8.060945510864258]
[10.337385177612305]
[64.66378784179688]
[12.62826919555664]
[1194.2919921875]
[28.417617797851562]
[277.01507568359375]
[13.360054016113281]
[9.25601577758789]
[11.554429054260254]
[121.63957977294922]
[14.01125717163086]
[7.053979396820068]
[15.498993873596191]
[12.528984069824219]
[17.56464385986328]
[16.21674346923828]
[8.624258041381836]
[16.122455596923828]
[15.811680793762207]
[69.7345199584961]
[45.757144927978516]
[5.131347179412842]
[14.484126091003418]
[17.211891174316406]
[13.214595794677734]
[84.07009887695312]
[412.7346496582031]
[10.866497993469238]
[10.300531387329102]
[339.69061279296875]
[11.945194244384766]
[12.8693208694458]
[16.005647659301758]
[16.423742294311523]
[19.489458084106445]
[50.66926574707031]
[21.448955535888672]
[26.211030960083008]
[16.39569854736328]
[23.329099655151367]
[28.70874786376953]
[2402.9345703125]
[953.541748046875]
[17.27532386779785]
[24.178621292114258]
[255.1951904296875]
[13.168981552124023]
[10.267609596252441]
[18.48493194580078]
[20.951791763305664]
[17.3543701171875]
[57.3519172668457]
[29.003664016723633]
[17.986703872680664]
[19.910961151123047]
[19.209871292114258]
[263.0369873046875]
[77.33001708984375]
[36.55607986450195]
[725.7345581054688]
[34.34187316894531]
[72.24526977539062]
[16.121795654296875]
[213.4293975830078]
[21.489524841308594]
[22.864154815673828]
[8.301253318786621]
[84.0955581665039]
[151.17445373535156]
[18.574264526367188]
[101.1811752319336]
[42.257938385009766]
[12.130326271057129]
[15.774456024169922]
[94.57878875732422]
[16.347267150878906]
[39.27754592895508]
[45.885833740234375]
[7.961552143096924]
[11.415090560913086]
[41.38201141357422]
[9.607012748718262]
[72.30961608886719]
[7.277339458465576]
[147.0186004638672]
[1291.22216796875]
[991.567626953125]
[6.913378715515137]
[38.02665710449219]
[10.697415351867676]
[93.4815902709961]
[11.381176948547363]
[16.63361167907715]
[51.87801742553711]
[77.6248550415039]
[21.283124923706055]
[25.210521697998047]
[20.235837936401367]
[44.09116744995117]
[13.909916877746582]
[166.58624267578125]
[88.0761947631836]
[17.191822052001953]
[19.73406410217285]
[143.87791442871094]
[37.183292388916016]
[21.234577178955078]
[147.8136444091797]
[15.722992897033691]
[14.845675468444824]
[1427.288330078125]
[237.51303100585938]
[9.31479549407959]
[17.958450317382812]
[67.74190521240234]
[15.27686882019043]
[485.9388732910156]
[9.714595794677734]
[21.21053695678711]
[11.098727226257324]
[11.787379264831543]
[12.477514266967773]
[115.61067199707031]
[12.773402214050293]
[22.280807495117188]
[29.786762237548828]
[16.20990562438965]
[10.858475685119629]
[7.615564346313477]
[9.878334045410156]
[16.972549438476562]
[534.923095703125]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[8.283053398132324]
[7.176700592041016]
[6.2717180252075195]
[787.7711791992188]
[6.70770263671875]
[7.204748630523682]
[54.065589904785156]
[88.10514831542969]
[13.759952545166016]
[53.82120132446289]
[16.726171493530273]
[15.541504859924316]
[16.331676483154297]
[16.242904663085938]
[15.840468406677246]
[109.44761657714844]
[16.183921813964844]
[12.691811561584473]
[14.388019561767578]
[35.732051849365234]
[14.128425598144531]
[38.69028854370117]
[25.502063751220703]
[12.022473335266113]
[7.583615303039551]
[7.461990833282471]
[28.342456817626953]
[908.3008422851562]
[7.947075843811035]
[6.8118085861206055]
[11.248913764953613]
[83.95378875732422]
[5.676581859588623]
[5.115302562713623]
[148.1292724609375]
[4.9406633377075195]
[15.137225151062012]
[5.763629913330078]
[187.39080810546875]
[70.37287902832031]
[11.280255317687988]
[328.6195068359375]
[9.821613311767578]
[272.02392578125]
[3.138794183731079]
[6.709214687347412]
[11.848758697509766]
[11.525452613830566]
[2222.97705078125]
[29.566617965698242]
[13.219334602355957]
[98.75666809082031]
[32.261600494384766]
[59.89034652709961]
[45.22453308105469]
[22.44145965576172]
[382.3002624511719]
[743.681396484375]
[23.03199005126953]
[18.334896087646484]
[13.449577331542969]
[18.791770935058594]
[15.999067306518555]
[15.185053825378418]
[9.120894432067871]
[10.290027618408203]
[87.35546875]
[23.061235427856445]
[15.118054389953613]
[14.911625862121582]
[22.12622833251953]
[1074.1639404296875]
[9.268677711486816]
[10.013047218322754]
[163.22352600097656]
[7.593568801879883]
[7.143569469451904]
[10.660356521606445]
[7.392467498779297]
[8.338362693786621]
[32.525211334228516]
[8.551436424255371]
[120.30725860595703]
[6.647112846374512]
[659.9297485351562]
[72.13616943359375]
[6.661367416381836]
[19.677881240844727]
[64.82131958007812]
[73.2853012084961]
[8.703804969787598]
[6.057671546936035]
[6.992912769317627]
[77.7087631225586]
[50.346614837646484]
[37.68207931518555]
[15.273106575012207]
[26.083593368530273]
[1289.293701171875]
[28.318071365356445]
[8.541482925415039]
[5.8517165184021]
[5.579875469207764]
[1228.807373046875]
[6.212825298309326]
[1656.9044189453125]
[6.0137858390808105]
[53.933536529541016]
[17.46392822265625]
[13.254132270812988]
[9.529340744018555]
[16.35064125061035]
[18.520116806030273]
[1045.4375]
[17.883113861083984]
[15.847393035888672]
[11.360635757446289]
[12.681285858154297]
[12.55339241027832]
[79.71217346191406]
[34.37706756591797]
[37.078697204589844]
[9.96237850189209]
[9.906682968139648]
[12.49905776977539]
[17.239635467529297]
[20.598356246948242]
[154.0213623046875]
[9.120987892150879]
[230.76121520996094]
[11.575379371643066]
[181.6411590576172]
[155.44573974609375]
[334.3722229003906]
[5.523097991943359]
[8.520821571350098]
[5.435863494873047]
[15.845523834228516]
[14.179858207702637]
[15.985311508178711]
[14.914389610290527]
[6.4932732582092285]
[12.561723709106445]
[61.73953628540039]
[6.513277053833008]
[6.575581073760986]
[42.428768157958984]
[20.860671997070312]
[7.069523811340332]
[21.319353103637695]
[7.354579448699951]
[15.033072471618652]
[6.580439567565918]
[6.682071685791016]
[23.118492126464844]
[640.220458984375]
[6.213014125823975]
[153.47239685058594]
[5.72175407409668]
[5.6731157302856445]
[5.440020561218262]
[301.3269958496094]
[69.86473846435547]
[31.285310745239258]
[5.419773101806641]
[11.409294128417969]
[105.82455444335938]
[5.498922348022461]
[5.300088405609131]
[5.191964626312256]
[32.8554801940918]
[95.48689270019531]
[4.826076984405518]
[7.136529445648193]
[12.05830192565918]
[59.630210876464844]
[360.044921875]
[3.261404514312744]
[4.17161226272583]
[54.45252990722656]
[48.20872116088867]
[106.06273651123047]
[4.950951099395752]
[14.641213417053223]
[11.444440841674805]
[15.033770561218262]
[111.50736999511719]
[8.549322128295898]
[44.42959976196289]
[12.620779991149902]
[10.418468475341797]
[8.594120025634766]
[7.016345024108887]
[5.8298444747924805]
[6.155410289764404]
[6.796152114868164]
[6.446260452270508]
[14.467541694641113]
[14.181465148925781]
[5.950249671936035]
[6.9143171310424805]
[51.73685073852539]
[6.303150653839111]
[6.46304178237915]
[5.671905517578125]
[181.81942749023438]
[42.39336013793945]
[368.4536437988281]
[39.890830993652344]
[10.289090156555176]
[5.538079261779785]
[3.237687349319458]
[5.5573296546936035]
[5.602056503295898]
[1164.3052978515625]
[14.63699722290039]
[16.64386749267578]
[230.14382934570312]
[951.122314453125]
[12.546503067016602]
[34.80183792114258]
[10.717662811279297]
[122.39063262939453]
[308.3668518066406]
[10.2894926071167]
[9.666290283203125]
[11.318593978881836]
[1866.4215087890625]
[8.857656478881836]
[9.403228759765625]
[11.968977928161621]
[71.9989242553711]
[15.118332862854004]
[240.5435028076172]
[172.22291564941406]
[11.045019149780273]
[62.62868118286133]
[18.952762603759766]
[18.358963012695312]
[24.065994262695312]
[24.065261840820312]
[1035.356689453125]
[17.61420249938965]
[16.41400718688965]
[218.43992614746094]
[14.516950607299805]
[12.619420051574707]
[27.060373306274414]
[20.140453338623047]
[12.192229270935059]
[28.27118682861328]
[11.912968635559082]
[11.637142181396484]
[287.9950256347656]
[10.616220474243164]
[52.682533264160156]
[11.021044731140137]
[280.1693420410156]
[40.869354248046875]
[14.980060577392578]
[6.7479119300842285]
[8.640157699584961]
[23.588272094726562]
[6.551892280578613]
[46.23378372192383]
[128.74197387695312]
[8.218589782714844]
[8.151822090148926]
[37.38489532470703]
[13.765667915344238]
[13.11807632446289]
[7.864613056182861]
[35.32622146606445]
[168.08758544921875]
[7.97243595123291]
[98.84710693359375]
[17.27359390258789]
[6.782916069030762]
[61.38136672973633]
[16.6243839263916]
[36.097877502441406]
[40.79851531982422]
[4.802210807800293]
[5.984151840209961]
[5.226511001586914]
[53.793190002441406]
[15.485450744628906]
[13.329541206359863]
[5.475278377532959]
[11.212398529052734]
[71.4792251586914]
[5.342746734619141]
[1532.2940673828125]
[5.032792568206787]
[155.98565673828125]
[7.019917011260986]
[33.37067794799805]
[17.358827590942383]
[54.414146423339844]
[570.218994140625]
[318.4007263183594]
[14.674895286560059]
[18.736549377441406]
[11.922507286071777]
[12.890645980834961]
[388.4979553222656]
[307.5546875]
[47.31912612915039]
[9.95241928100586]
[71.48346710205078]
[6.24526834487915]
[8.325850486755371]
[8.284940719604492]
[8.346818923950195]
[22.709379196166992]
[7.291783332824707]
[8.867732048034668]
[37.48780822753906]
[9.062801361083984]
[133.53245544433594]
[31.53585433959961]
[11.272555351257324]
[15.845643043518066]
[11.447951316833496]
[8.3518648147583]
[8.088483810424805]
[18.36068344116211]
[25.957590103149414]
[150.77951049804688]
[147.64698791503906]
[6.625758171081543]
[5.1615166664123535]
[10.795136451721191]
[7.3924760818481445]
[9.298073768615723]
[5.752166748046875]
[38.407508850097656]
[127.3885269165039]
[11.299408912658691]
[85.17292022705078]
[187.47608947753906]
[5.990443229675293]
[6.326070785522461]
[67.98329162597656]
[6.5542120933532715]
[272.7280578613281]
[10.096358299255371]
[68.31535339355469]
[11.795646667480469]
[8.293968200683594]
[9.810227394104004]
[97.92804718017578]
[6.367201328277588]
[29.876392364501953]
[6.627478122711182]
[8.033623695373535]
[32.440486907958984]
[23.761777877807617]
[7.662608623504639]
[31.943885803222656]
[11.429126739501953]
[6.097119331359863]
[15.661311149597168]
[12.204371452331543]
[7.737661838531494]
[109.88391876220703]
[7.514734268188477]
[38.9330940246582]
[991.1526489257812]
[5.615646839141846]
[5.686678409576416]
[10.372554779052734]
[9.478865623474121]
[7.254369735717773]
[7.95871114730835]
[307.7596435546875]
[10.896308898925781]
[918.9579467773438]
[10.806611061096191]
[11.954660415649414]
[1468.971923828125]
[7.671984672546387]
[1559.11572265625]
[12.350347518920898]
[11.439993858337402]
[8.909937858581543]
[59.91876983642578]
[18.838491439819336]
[53.172767639160156]
[10.213645935058594]
[22.630552291870117]
[29.017602920532227]
[1100.601806640625]
[10.86755084991455]
[11.357834815979004]
[864.03955078125]
[11.691842079162598]
[10.982656478881836]
[11.122112274169922]
[20.688982009887695]
[11.674535751342773]
[1668.1455078125]
[421.9853515625]
[291.602783203125]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[11.045031547546387]
[81.3302230834961]
[11.62929916381836]
[12.14443588256836]
[977.0663452148438]
[7.804515361785889]
[10.197929382324219]
[7.228742599487305]
[66.05071258544922]
[9.07678508758545]
[5.77291202545166]
[28.887781143188477]
[8.048856735229492]
[40.150978088378906]
[7.79619026184082]
[6.167360305786133]
[7.621060848236084]
[5.360732555389404]
[5.118095874786377]
[9.515070915222168]
[262.85418701171875]
[6.812238693237305]
[7.951424598693848]
[8.145827293395996]
[220.68490600585938]
[21.52782440185547]
[5.889942169189453]
[7.315279006958008]
[9.341727256774902]
[82.46068572998047]
[5.537195205688477]
[71.45649719238281]
[5.391115665435791]
[7.9189605712890625]
[103.79011535644531]
[715.0525512695312]
[56.88587951660156]
[17.16674041748047]
[28.216453552246094]
[15.653071403503418]
[821.9058837890625]
[8.570636749267578]
[99.0834732055664]
[10.80573844909668]
[7.996617317199707]
[30.028356552124023]
[8.49942398071289]
[8.768664360046387]
[71.17878723144531]
[16.576984405517578]
[85.90628814697266]
[13.365583419799805]
[654.9970703125]
[11.40282917022705]
[5.918460845947266]
[34.58428955078125]
[5.102878093719482]
[7.057119846343994]
[19.667539596557617]
[42.887046813964844]
[67.37216186523438]
[1482.219970703125]
[7.029937744140625]
[26.111658096313477]
[7.5818400382995605]
[1070.6226806640625]
[44.365936279296875]
[90.80475616455078]
[8.202229499816895]
[40.34577941894531]
[20.645828247070312]
[271.5936279296875]
[12.112456321716309]
[6.639013767242432]
[76.90982055664062]
[15.539772033691406]
[50.04293441772461]
[39.67779541015625]
[1236.6429443359375]
[19.14786720275879]
[12.124139785766602]
[34.402381896972656]
[10.768502235412598]
[10.835744857788086]
[7.25961971282959]
[12.942828178405762]
[11.169161796569824]
[7.662578582763672]
[51.774314880371094]
[12.699027061462402]
[12.13925552368164]
[12.138579368591309]
[7.9596099853515625]
[1134.4783935546875]
[10.649466514587402]
[263.8011474609375]
[10.778489112854004]
[18.54792022705078]
[109.8230972290039]
[47.49306106567383]
[8.829924583435059]
[9.69696044921875]
[16.424026489257812]
[22.903209686279297]
[22.148733139038086]
[1523.3023681640625]
[16.462444305419922]
[15.250697135925293]
[8.118976593017578]
[12.535619735717773]
[87.82344055175781]
[13.365761756896973]
[14.827557563781738]
[14.898443222045898]
[365.8608093261719]
[39.78593826293945]
[31.450956344604492]
[9.582806587219238]
[9.124397277832031]
[1907.759521484375]
[30.55453109741211]
[5.966027736663818]
[10.83420181274414]
[7.397569179534912]
[199.63917541503906]
[122.69276428222656]
[13.84972858428955]
[256.4537353515625]
[10.429518699645996]
[7.477855205535889]
[9.789700508117676]
[64.47496795654297]
[37.38290786743164]
[10.77522087097168]
[7.262545108795166]
[10.129735946655273]
[5.695294380187988]
[10.04417896270752]
[13.837486267089844]
[9.650084495544434]
[9.692573547363281]
[11.023554801940918]
[8.842123031616211]
[9.04418659210205]
[9.076465606689453]
[5.816655158996582]
[12.120172500610352]
[454.67352294921875]
[7.56411600112915]
[34.384944915771484]
[173.3069305419922]
[9.778785705566406]
[709.4461059570312]
[94.95198059082031]
[2.940737247467041]
[27.582563400268555]
[63.399417877197266]
[17.981243133544922]
[5.342080593109131]
[11.529090881347656]
[45.288658142089844]
[5.3136701583862305]
[5.451844692230225]
[33.31576919555664]
[6.1540961265563965]
[3.613858938217163]
[8.436389923095703]
[53.688350677490234]
[5.234429359436035]
[5.236015796661377]
[6.087835788726807]
[3.4611263275146484]
[4.982394695281982]
[3.8275842666625977]
[618.3499145507812]
[104.41448211669922]
[53.9337158203125]
[134.34530639648438]
[4.404475688934326]
[1511.12060546875]
[7.624114990234375]
[21.749982833862305]
[8.457103729248047]
[5.2792253494262695]
[18.999357223510742]
[1037.781005859375]
[50.88447189331055]
[289.96905517578125]
[153.71676635742188]
[5.232532978057861]
[468.387451171875]
[14.199889183044434]
[53.73183059692383]
[8.030409812927246]
[92.4033203125]
[1262.6070556640625]
[5.838740348815918]
[9.478055000305176]
[93.06885528564453]
[14.929163932800293]
[6.860909938812256]
[7.264589309692383]
[5.915206432342529]
[7.487125873565674]
[8.508622169494629]
[25.240598678588867]
[8.939164161682129]
[312.893798828125]
[55.23685073852539]
[266.7815856933594]
[25.134923934936523]
[11.559099197387695]
[9.691764831542969]
[9.480180740356445]
[35.2359504699707]
[11.667038917541504]
[15.809449195861816]
[13.837854385375977]
[813.7614135742188]
[6.030303955078125]
[53.78689956665039]
[190.70333862304688]
[10.004581451416016]
[9.90884017944336]
[9.661442756652832]
[130.59153747558594]
[5.445037364959717]
[45.3709831237793]
[58.46903991699219]
[8.950000762939453]
[37.65138244628906]
[8.231483459472656]
[25.547433853149414]
[30.096376419067383]
[85.74420166015625]
[10.338767051696777]
[247.66090393066406]
[5.2848639488220215]
[7.376413345336914]
[7.900825023651123]
[12.080763816833496]
[5.471864700317383]
[42.98997497558594]
[8.529638290405273]
[8.470564842224121]
[42.57289123535156]
[8.384970664978027]
[8.222007751464844]
[10.944914817810059]
[28.983421325683594]
[7.751214027404785]
[81.83216094970703]
[7.244854927062988]
[6.877321243286133]
[6.584445953369141]
[8.285755157470703]
[3.322721481323242]
[9.747952461242676]
[17.912477493286133]
[4.6362528800964355]
[3.707098960876465]
[21.46436309814453]
[10.177844047546387]
[15.74511432647705]
[10.004512786865234]
[4.804731369018555]
[4.670453071594238]
[4.497392177581787]
[10.940648078918457]
[10.508047103881836]
[51.924503326416016]
[4.304696559906006]
[93.56977844238281]
[117.2340316772461]
[4.1305437088012695]
[1362.62744140625]
[3.986443281173706]
[596.1177368164062]
[8.619476318359375]
[5.061063766479492]
[5.689158916473389]
[1653.926513671875]
[8.960290908813477]
[5.045386791229248]
[21.82320785522461]
[34.830787658691406]
[18.319154739379883]
[8.130985260009766]
[4.091577053070068]
[218.7687530517578]
[359.0770263671875]
[5.999856472015381]
[11.070856094360352]
[6.392999172210693]
[7.687784194946289]
[16.277652740478516]
[87.76719665527344]
[48.71163558959961]
[6.1708173751831055]
[9.282971382141113]
[174.67919921875]
[6.025753974914551]
[33.989898681640625]
[4.744546890258789]
[139.19996643066406]
[7.613457202911377]
[871.5818481445312]
[5.303247451782227]
[5.024729251861572]
[4.758775234222412]
[4.715840816497803]
[52.998477935791016]
[2.668652296066284]
[4.625058650970459]
[6.943194389343262]
[3249.909912109375]
[4.239065647125244]
[5.7142815589904785]
[13.112237930297852]
[12.604588508605957]
[9.072691917419434]
[561.3236083984375]
[8.087895393371582]
[9.035231590270996]
[36.650081634521484]
[8.904293060302734]
[7.096949577331543]
[51.14971160888672]
[5.92617654800415]
[658.9296264648438]
[5.735063076019287]
[7.749600410461426]
[7.707948207855225]
[9.137606620788574]
[5.755944728851318]
[6.8646697998046875]
[58.49797058105469]
[4.3813395500183105]
[6.3341546058654785]
[256.1192321777344]
[9.119190216064453]
[5.9115891456604]
[5.6237568855285645]
[208.3011474609375]
[22.73614501953125]
[5.308718204498291]
[230.9394073486328]
[24.97235870361328]
[5.476123809814453]
[5.553432464599609]
[43.83759689331055]
[18.006555557250977]
[70.19403839111328]
[51.3825569152832]
[9.874421119689941]
[131.1223602294922]
[4.134517669677734]
[5.543069839477539]
[9.297316551208496]
[135.03854370117188]
[3.7966537475585938]
[10.2369384765625]
[134.74095153808594]
[5.606820583343506]
[5.446600437164307]
[5.412297248840332]
[9.053909301757812]
[26.61843490600586]
[3.3747663497924805]
[1184.302001953125]
[10.535472869873047]
[119.15673828125]
[743.0046997070312]
[4.5081257820129395]
[6.016681671142578]
[5.698408603668213]
[5.666790008544922]
[7.390012264251709]
[6.80155086517334]
[11.473958969116211]
[1287.4156494140625]
[6.894898891448975]
[80.90025329589844]
[533.8904418945312]
[14.090715408325195]
[15.696507453918457]
[20.465225219726562]
[349.2987365722656]
[4.043361186981201]
[6.307250499725342]
[6.485147476196289]
[51.23911666870117]
[913.93505859375]
[26.657270431518555]
[8.677314758300781]
[11.419236183166504]
[22.353178024291992]
[8.40341567993164]
[1333.0067138671875]
[174.57554626464844]
[6.6397857666015625]
[6.119769096374512]
[7.1958441734313965]
[9.962603569030762]
[7.404160022735596]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[75.28469848632812]
[7.1472601890563965]
[7.4406280517578125]
[6.51765251159668]
[21.829004287719727]
[17.84954833984375]
[1087.90673828125]
[12.29481315612793]
[63.03578186035156]
[11.121420860290527]
[5.097830772399902]
[802.2103881835938]
[24.102460861206055]
[5.538218975067139]
[357.5372009277344]
[7.8427557945251465]
[8.380537033081055]
[6.80848503112793]
[177.5032196044922]
[9.278573989868164]
[6.3340535163879395]
[7.163382530212402]
[43.543243408203125]
[7.002519607543945]
[53.18034362792969]
[6.748397350311279]
[6.831487655639648]
[238.36964416503906]
[4.819076061248779]
[4.95440673828125]
[10.6207275390625]
[128.29531860351562]
[37.779808044433594]
[507.4745788574219]
[11.821794509887695]
[6.894708633422852]
[8.97486400604248]
[203.8343963623047]
[103.10684204101562]
[28.177169799804688]
[2689.484375]
[49.59556198120117]
[9.271543502807617]
[6.419154644012451]
[36.20592498779297]
[6.59938907623291]
[5.478269100189209]
[7.9092488288879395]
[5.70733642578125]
[196.2933807373047]
[9.58200740814209]
[10.132932662963867]
[16.537979125976562]
[1990.9102783203125]
[37.449886322021484]
[399.5006103515625]
[7.89163875579834]
[5416.73046875]
[7.826265811920166]
[9.533576965332031]
[24.972299575805664]
[20.762306213378906]
[25.005847930908203]
[92.94134521484375]
[32.774147033691406]
[2138.1826171875]
[33.27840042114258]
[53.62135314941406]
[19.028644561767578]
[13.915569305419922]
[2951.3935546875]
[188.24468994140625]
[6.871741771697998]
[66.16183471679688]
[5.318197727203369]
[88.2020034790039]
[29.193635940551758]
[33.092533111572266]
[301.4225769042969]
[765.4019775390625]
[12.27245807647705]
[10.096085548400879]
[11.080458641052246]
[10.680964469909668]
[21.078514099121094]
[10.143977165222168]
[63.81755065917969]
[146.9316864013672]
[59.054264068603516]
[417.9370422363281]
[6.4661545753479]
[5.133589267730713]
[8.762064933776855]
[145.87059020996094]
[5.086261749267578]
[23.15186309814453]
[9.408268928527832]
[25.988222122192383]
[114.3261489868164]
[355.1670837402344]
[3.686633348464966]
[13.658203125]
[775.6199951171875]
[145.94139099121094]
[7.590635776519775]
[7.693756103515625]
[9.272839546203613]
[2030.9642333984375]
[11.514827728271484]
[7.391275405883789]
[95.52133178710938]
[7.001370429992676]
[25.966197967529297]
[27.886089324951172]
[9.138232231140137]
[9.663331031799316]
[5.846492767333984]
[2007.3543701171875]
[1249.831298828125]
[26.452695846557617]
[5.7677178382873535]
[8.896195411682129]
[32.18925476074219]
[3.2718687057495117]
[7.739584922790527]
[1763.4112548828125]
[6.197006702423096]
[20.829246520996094]
[6.771414279937744]
[5.941076755523682]
[5.937466621398926]
[78.90896606445312]
[5.4608330726623535]
[5.2570319175720215]
[3043.21533203125]
[19.3602294921875]
[6.88823127746582]
[21.512605667114258]
[47.920066833496094]
[5.260199546813965]
[8.45748233795166]
[6.112110137939453]
[43.349952697753906]
[5.952975273132324]
[7.401059150695801]
[6.076736927032471]
[309.09442138671875]
[6.142009735107422]
[6.016538619995117]
[17150.408203125]
[5.514529228210449]
[970.4188232421875]
[16.060518264770508]
[23.94797134399414]
[15.63891315460205]
[10.669730186462402]
[162.3246307373047]
[65.83834075927734]
[27.113903045654297]
[29.000988006591797]
[29.83269691467285]
[4210.20263671875]
[3074.7412109375]
[913.1755981445312]
[10.263498306274414]
[18.48589324951172]
[17.779220581054688]
[29.918807983398438]
[11.45629596710205]
[17.49069595336914]
[21.16665267944336]
[60.264259338378906]
[10.26694107055664]
[2049.5185546875]
[1250.9390869140625]
[14.322491645812988]
[49.3825798034668]
[14.724024772644043]
[10.661633491516113]
[10.698500633239746]
[2122.8291015625]
[27.016651153564453]
[191.2041473388672]
[425.56719970703125]
[6.281136989593506]
[338.29437255859375]
[6.579514980316162]
[52.093467712402344]
[33.754940032958984]
[836.774658203125]
[12.334755897521973]
[27.861892700195312]
[50.21944808959961]
[893.6722412109375]
[70854.28125]
[13.192436218261719]
[23.868486404418945]
[15.73376178741455]
[28.77459144592285]
[33.6116828918457]
[284.13543701171875]
[91.40158081054688]
[55.714534759521484]
[20.447917938232422]
[49.314273834228516]
[179.70294189453125]
[55.74922180175781]
[4018.947265625]
[19.161176681518555]
[48.69050216674805]
[49.09434509277344]
[47.80923843383789]
[46.43376922607422]
[20.310293197631836]
[120.7643814086914]
[79.12269592285156]
[871.2633056640625]
[10.560848236083984]
[5295.29248046875]
[15.233931541442871]
[4216.8330078125]
[131.29437255859375]
[49.416385650634766]
[9.012755393981934]
[17.447154998779297]
[1009.532958984375]
[183.71580505371094]
[2414.586669921875]
[588.5303955078125]
[15.3588285446167]
[15.364421844482422]
[23.303546905517578]
[16.01675033569336]
[1696.270751953125]
[114.7236099243164]
[28.530723571777344]
[18.918773651123047]
[19.671098709106445]
[24.781522750854492]
[18.156126022338867]
[90.91142272949219]
[21.490697860717773]
[1586.9554443359375]
[22.119606018066406]
[685.267333984375]
[73.18143463134766]
[20.071277618408203]
[24.055025100708008]
[18.959243774414062]
[79.63027954101562]
[56.774986267089844]
[14.253464698791504]
[18.124942779541016]
[17.862333297729492]
[17.495824813842773]
[2455.37646484375]
[1273.0618896484375]
[14.458906173706055]
[10.920193672180176]
[280.40911865234375]
[25487.19921875]
[1076.856201171875]
[46.7221565246582]
[22.460472106933594]
[13.85626220703125]
[39.56549072265625]
[45.96623992919922]
[51.49234390258789]
[55.812320709228516]
[58.26852035522461]
[94.36552429199219]
[93.1800765991211]
[19.362733840942383]
[51.970699310302734]
[40.157875061035156]
[51.73826599121094]
[27.3167667388916]
[70.03538513183594]
[40.401519775390625]
[1161.680419921875]
[101.57083892822266]
[14.653904914855957]
[23.727148056030273]
[15.931867599487305]
[3256.5244140625]
[59.33320236206055]
[50.47853469848633]
[47.00889587402344]
[54.911903381347656]
[67.46598815917969]
[26710.177734375]
[1549.54248046875]
[216.63116455078125]
[446.3628234863281]
[10273.0263671875]
[118.10479736328125]
[110.1928482055664]
[178.3779754638672]
[171.5938262939453]
[170.75717163085938]
[164.6556854248047]
[79.54927062988281]
[66.62528228759766]
[138.73699951171875]
[64.56470489501953]
[321.9156494140625]
[118.29285430908203]
[743.1546630859375]
[102.90536499023438]
[94.56564331054688]
[62.5622673034668]
[79.50239562988281]
[72.60089111328125]
[4580.21875]
[56.74860382080078]
[181.22567749023438]
[43.744728088378906]
[39.222774505615234]
[25.452306747436523]
[132.54827880859375]
[30.904071807861328]
[43.822513580322266]
[46.1909065246582]
[3722.3486328125]
[26.82272720336914]
[205.67105102539062]
[91.02200317382812]
[28.346336364746094]
[109.90685272216797]
[108.40766906738281]
[1143.244384765625]
[43.19828796386719]
[972.5645141601562]
[42.846290588378906]
[69.52265930175781]
[43.611324310302734]
[84.54955291748047]
[59.60984420776367]
[14.055261611938477]
[22.604990005493164]
[23.923439025878906]
[22.42116928100586]
[8.249794006347656]
[265.5543212890625]
[7.7107648849487305]
[14.096696853637695]
[6.859550952911377]
[44.619384765625]
[14.624159812927246]
[12.512042999267578]
[5.925487041473389]
[19.42999839782715]
[5.478862762451172]
[712.8370971679688]
[32.67959976196289]
[12.363840103149414]
[5.720162868499756]
[33.519378662109375]
[11.726800918579102]
[5.557495594024658]
[13.101932525634766]
[4067.912841796875]
[12.486359596252441]
[69.4510269165039]
[9.722868919372559]
[68.79138946533203]
[284.18841552734375]
[44.305625915527344]
[14.311580657958984]
[1068.2969970703125]
[13.560405731201172]
[12.903825759887695]
[11.3892240524292]
[21.051836013793945]
[11.800668716430664]
[284.5180358886719]
[11.588569641113281]
[254.3383026123047]
[23.329370498657227]
[15.926460266113281]
[116.05895233154297]
[9.751422882080078]
[14.859044075012207]
[38102.23046875]
[20.062515258789062]
[13.1133451461792]
[15.170007705688477]
[322.2091979980469]
[13.057499885559082]
[35.741920471191406]
[20.83749008178711]
[54.90614700317383]
[26.635765075683594]
[27.969215393066406]
[29.227802276611328]
[100.96498107910156]
[30.74700355529785]
[31.8356990814209]
[22.404130935668945]
[16.132709503173828]
[20.391843795776367]
[32.22481155395508]
[32.244895935058594]
[25.893085479736328]
[29.114978790283203]
[21.838336944580078]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[31.749052047729492]
[23.146923065185547]
[31.107778549194336]
[99.90347290039062]
[59.68083953857422]
[19.653644561767578]
[37.43379211425781]
[17.097511291503906]
[21.39480209350586]
[27.802480697631836]
[27.21219253540039]
[447.0210876464844]
[25.033214569091797]
[41.76359558105469]
[37.250579833984375]
[22.70633316040039]
[12.940152168273926]
[21.131349563598633]
[18.63440704345703]
[65.0849838256836]
[9.861574172973633]
[2017.3878173828125]
[9.38265609741211]
[84674.8828125]
[14.829882621765137]
[16.46392059326172]
[175.5745849609375]
[335.15020751953125]
[34.2224235534668]
[90.41494750976562]
[2194.85107421875]
[157.265380859375]
[53.789764404296875]
[123.23678588867188]
[55.94822311401367]
[47.065589904785156]
[57.1494255065918]
[9014.416015625]
[33.747013092041016]
[347.6899719238281]
[38.984256744384766]
[68.40892028808594]
[22.808252334594727]
[1485.5457763671875]
[15.519930839538574]
[4188.2578125]
[21.737802505493164]
[46.49595260620117]
[56.10301208496094]
[47.81181335449219]
[2009.9571533203125]
[2015.0791015625]
[145.2147216796875]
[2025.3594970703125]
[11190.1337890625]
[49.340614318847656]
[30.572059631347656]
[54.53252410888672]
[70.22503662109375]
[65.6291275024414]
[86.9574203491211]
[78.1484375]
[83.41234588623047]
[576.7726440429688]
[114.88360595703125]
[1662.3349609375]
[84.07390594482422]
[79.78196716308594]
[75.40381622314453]
[48.63326644897461]
[68.47125244140625]
[19165.14453125]
[58.132320404052734]
[60.83823776245117]
[1066.1470947265625]
[38.997337341308594]
[50.409156799316406]
[2647.22412109375]
[1127.3507080078125]
[402.3129577636719]
[35.967071533203125]
[31363.6640625]
[37.3638801574707]
[55.4550666809082]
[41.374752044677734]
[237.9817352294922]
[60.746917724609375]
[46.71794891357422]
[374.21026611328125]
[134.40966796875]
[33.99325180053711]
[51.190303802490234]
[30.375207901000977]
[44.51205062866211]
[103.20695495605469]
[44.05474090576172]
[43.667396545410156]
[3290.326171875]
[124.57170104980469]
[26.527082443237305]
[831.8661499023438]
[31040.3828125]
[32.15362548828125]
[424.9574279785156]
[21.363483428955078]
[29.629920959472656]
[93.84413146972656]
[874.85986328125]
[24.254793167114258]
[18.76055335998535]
[511.6346130371094]
[37386.546875]
[646.9328002929688]
[20.515460968017578]
[510.3779296875]
[84.95128631591797]
[43.447628021240234]
[23.613046646118164]
[18.896495819091797]
[1748.1619873046875]
[24.845630645751953]
[24.334230422973633]
[1819.28759765625]
[19.593481063842773]
[24.778207778930664]
[55.6107292175293]
[25.440526962280273]
[25.138090133666992]
[6038.40234375]
[22.187620162963867]
[240.70513916015625]
[22.455791473388672]
[16.613046646118164]
[45.525352478027344]
[2689.478759765625]
[23.038043975830078]
[485.0765380859375]
[36293.5390625]
[844.2581176757812]
[18.849815368652344]
[191.57745361328125]
[434.9652404785156]
[22.417177200317383]
[24.359777450561523]
[26.039661407470703]
[28.582372665405273]
[2023.7701416015625]
[117.62716674804688]
[32.803306579589844]
[127.56034088134766]
[38.44774627685547]
[33.87776184082031]
[34.037723541259766]
[54.090538024902344]
[37.477386474609375]
[30.90142250061035]
[89.51043701171875]
[81.004638671875]
[257.47576904296875]
[49.77652359008789]
[36.87613296508789]
[8093.462890625]
[76.75529479980469]
[21.958175659179688]
[370.8344421386719]
[1758.96630859375]
[13.257231712341309]
[18.219114303588867]
[9.974185943603516]
[9.1179838180542]
[40494.2265625]
[18.51026153564453]
[40.386051177978516]
[30.112354278564453]
[343.4527587890625]
[8.944366455078125]
[52.14875030517578]
[247.4185791015625]
[1589.247314453125]
[16.73796844482422]
[18.445350646972656]
[18.581680297851562]
[27118.0078125]
[14.583064079284668]
[29006.732421875]
[14.201210021972656]
[37.374759674072266]
[847.47119140625]
[12.938785552978516]
[1215.3358154296875]
[16.981908798217773]
[19.007122039794922]
[16.639616012573242]
[87.9338150024414]
[18.859394073486328]
[65.62008666992188]
[23.075122833251953]
[29.757768630981445]
[31.26900863647461]
[39.1110725402832]
[54.634700775146484]
[28.951744079589844]
[36.0098762512207]
[34.90205001831055]
[35.53384017944336]
[51.834529876708984]
[290.0919189453125]
[53.7828254699707]
[137.67913818359375]
[1660.2259521484375]
[32.33725357055664]
[31.00564956665039]
[55.205841064453125]
[83.62084197998047]
[27.078840255737305]
[4863.67431640625]
[17.497486114501953]
[15.895472526550293]
[15.687217712402344]
[13.823467254638672]
[7.251913547515869]
[10.835397720336914]
[61.98460006713867]
[7.436252593994141]
[20.418760299682617]
[8.306899070739746]
[34.12582015991211]
[2430.369384765625]
[7.82102108001709]
[6.402447700500488]
[1339.7987060546875]
[4527.0810546875]
[8.54604434967041]
[9.409488677978516]
[9.492426872253418]
[6055.89990234375]
[16.17275619506836]
[162.7138214111328]
[39.487205505371094]
[31.788999557495117]
[24.175460815429688]
[45.334800720214844]
[28.38521957397461]
[782.1395263671875]
[674.7904052734375]
[13008.0439453125]
[39.39716720581055]
[126.90338897705078]
[545.3634643554688]
[7291.37353515625]
[3102.32666015625]
[106.5361328125]
[413.0863342285156]
[47.50758743286133]
[834.9779663085938]
[22.209802627563477]
[322.3706970214844]
[285.9537048339844]
[35.505958557128906]
[35.189247131347656]
[31.792648315429688]
[19.301197052001953]
[30.110322952270508]
[117.24723815917969]
[13.553028106689453]
[42.407630920410156]
[18.83579444885254]
[24.11060333251953]
[30.75982666015625]
[129.76333618164062]
[584.2926025390625]
[19.100934982299805]
[20.1258544921875]
[29.785926818847656]
[216.83546447753906]
[17.89249038696289]
[18.321243286132812]
[25.493940353393555]
[1894.815673828125]
[21.076461791992188]
[43.840110778808594]
[27.501670837402344]
[200.6018524169922]
[26.001794815063477]
[254.16261291503906]
[322.22479248046875]
[13.215555191040039]
[9.71153736114502]
[1293.5361328125]
[1556.4984130859375]
[21.284135818481445]
[7.483511447906494]
[10.16000747680664]
[189.2850799560547]
[10.452811241149902]
[10.525018692016602]
[9.322101593017578]
[795.1107177734375]
[113.32227325439453]
[225.55540466308594]
[42.2596321105957]
[769.431884765625]
[6.912988185882568]
[8.338294982910156]
[366.7156677246094]
[10.754572868347168]
[1208.982421875]
[7.39431095123291]
[12.63475227355957]
[504.6131591796875]
[15.287025451660156]
[62.4275016784668]
[18.705575942993164]
[5745.8251953125]
[12.655491828918457]
[87.58367919921875]
[32.40044021606445]
[12.04318618774414]
[8.639081001281738]
[1674.858154296875]
[594.2125244140625]
[3138.140869140625]
[15.268354415893555]
[355.0606994628906]
[9.255411148071289]
[382.1670837402344]
[5.7545366287231445]
[8.215363502502441]
[7.107320785522461]
[37.21982955932617]
[32.452735900878906]
[13.109231948852539]
[7.152679920196533]
[844.2134399414062]
[6.576627254486084]
[15156.0029296875]
[12.917250633239746]
[707.7120971679688]
[5.883217811584473]
[19.396955490112305]
[17.946041107177734]
[159.17796325683594]
[7.191235542297363]
[1180.354736328125]
[5.6404194831848145]
[19.171829223632812]
[6.984560012817383]
[15.672869682312012]
[55.44990158081055]
[77.0781021118164]
[11.068573951721191]
[184.5234832763672]
[343.4941711425781]
[305.8442077636719]
[43.12290573120117]
[7.2202606201171875]
[209.78115844726562]
[39934.81640625]
[5.951602935791016]
[5.692023754119873]
[253.15589904785156]
[10.299393653869629]
[7.194036483764648]
[7.971718788146973]
[392.2124328613281]
[9.719927787780762]
[10.75899887084961]
[49.4302864074707]
[12.050346374511719]
[17.286762237548828]
[13.269586563110352]
[1935.8134765625]
[590.4349975585938]
[12.802555084228516]
[47.50630187988281]
[11.658525466918945]
[20.7161865234375]
[5.84162712097168]
[26326.01953125]
[4.924203872680664]
[32.761322021484375]
[21.212238311767578]
[5.102947235107422]
[130.72702026367188]
[13.537336349487305]
[3.9331884384155273]
[6.639484882354736]
[18836.310546875]
[18.845516204833984]
[9.257923126220703]
[213.91470336914062]
[12.349350929260254]
[11157.4521484375]
[21.126047134399414]
[25.000648498535156]
[20.92723846435547]
[14.656695365905762]
[15.878732681274414]
[27.209022521972656]
[37.4382209777832]
[295.703857421875]
[61.11083984375]
[558.1430053710938]
[25.305147171020508]
[31.342323303222656]
[14.80126953125]
[1506.9375]
[15.428088188171387]
[72.95718383789062]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[12.333739280700684]
[38.835514068603516]
[56.34521484375]
[46.42366027832031]
[9.237046241760254]
[566.5999755859375]
[9.422077178955078]
[14.051684379577637]
[8.640312194824219]
[8.81966495513916]
[37.64686965942383]
[21.223316192626953]
[10.69083023071289]
[11055.2373046875]
[13.735457420349121]
[18.00765609741211]
[68.5908203125]
[7.581233501434326]
[18.36980628967285]
[11.47830581665039]
[4.595954418182373]
[14.627135276794434]
[570.9391479492188]
[12.101143836975098]
[10.549722671508789]
[303.8325500488281]
[9.837634086608887]
[11.99279499053955]
[5.703795909881592]
[16794.921875]
[37.24335479736328]
[5.758267879486084]
[43.112701416015625]
[5.772527694702148]
[5.731812000274658]
[743.1240844726562]
[5.793153762817383]
[5.827905654907227]
[16.583436965942383]
[155.5063018798828]
[21.5517520904541]
[145.66481018066406]
[146.39865112304688]
[25.925521850585938]
[5.938366889953613]
[100.41667175292969]
[15867.4736328125]
[27.570707321166992]
[5.315682888031006]
[78.6672592163086]
[106.93583679199219]
[15.419224739074707]
[8.367271423339844]
[30.321369171142578]
[165.7769012451172]
[4.881322383880615]
[930.8641967773438]
[8.738142967224121]
[3.033858060836792]
[53.49241638183594]
[8.14873218536377]
[21.189254760742188]
[4.8662919998168945]
[120.48883819580078]
[5.596969127655029]
[250.87548828125]
[8.668526649475098]
[137.08485412597656]
[973.03369140625]
[4.506715774536133]
[8.144835472106934]
[4.396027088165283]
[4.323101997375488]
[71.5020523071289]
[9928.3623046875]
[35.36921310424805]
[4.152529716491699]
[45.071937561035156]
[3.866638422012329]
[3.9176549911499023]
[3.8574554920196533]
[9.598876953125]
[160.89910888671875]
[32.94190216064453]
[3.5740509033203125]
[10.02127456665039]
[10.755541801452637]
[109.48035430908203]
[3.972956657409668]
[9.081459045410156]
[9.789700508117676]
[225.2412872314453]
[4.358445644378662]
[9.747097969055176]
[18.792116165161133]
[3.3844377994537354]
[215.29779052734375]
[276.7076416015625]
[9.691493034362793]
[3.7442572116851807]
[3.712174415588379]
[124.36213684082031]
[3.5965263843536377]
[30.28887367248535]
[135.10708618164062]
[27.245351791381836]
[35.94379806518555]
[3.4728469848632812]
[20.77954864501953]
[243.9699249267578]
[1980.6485595703125]
[11.291749000549316]
[3.317662000656128]
[2.8901922702789307]
[17473.4453125]
[18.889070510864258]
[3.398745059967041]
[12.490777969360352]
[3.004349708557129]
[8.196470260620117]
[67.87374877929688]
[4.228302478790283]
[33.266319274902344]
[4.147489070892334]
[4.231508255004883]
[902.0471801757812]
[3.8796474933624268]
[64.72582244873047]
[87.04830169677734]
[15.10316276550293]
[319.40252685546875]
[71.10795593261719]
[4.137519359588623]
[162.157470703125]
[3.3547306060791016]
[174.81185913085938]
[899.0427856445312]
[20.390029907226562]
[28.042585372924805]
[3.2889950275421143]
[73.12415313720703]
[4.688085556030273]
[149.1675262451172]
[172.19790649414062]
[3.2086708545684814]
[129.26583862304688]
[4.660198211669922]
[68.62785339355469]
[12.6599702835083]
[12.702424049377441]
[8.773380279541016]
[22.65227508544922]
[4.674746990203857]
[53.18413543701172]
[96.94374084472656]
[4.498013496398926]
[137.70765686035156]
[296.1499328613281]
[10.660689353942871]
[1072.80908203125]
[4.366399765014648]
[4.431004524230957]
[4.411951065063477]
[7.142269134521484]
[29.419157028198242]
[5405.83203125]
[4.187881946563721]
[253.52239990234375]
[5.3486833572387695]
[10.276930809020996]
[449.3154296875]
[12.8962984085083]
[30254.587890625]
[9.0753812789917]
[9.327445030212402]
[4.091405391693115]
[98.50255584716797]
[13.353527069091797]
[74.2052230834961]
[964.4456787109375]
[19.642333984375]
[20.781068801879883]
[6.252691268920898]
[9.180683135986328]
[196.31959533691406]
[9.708412170410156]
[4.801879405975342]
[4.994879245758057]
[9.349348068237305]
[33.955535888671875]
[3.6006510257720947]
[4.824008941650391]
[18.436073303222656]
[24.45321273803711]
[4.743225574493408]
[4.738473415374756]
[1101.9610595703125]
[3.346116304397583]
[4.4655442237854]
[3.226471185684204]
[827.07958984375]
[2.9755489826202393]
[4.115095615386963]
[5.400125026702881]
[16.095746994018555]
[4.262247085571289]
[3.863922119140625]
[19759.251953125]
[120.39299011230469]
[18.45897674560547]
[3.4415674209594727]
[59.154930114746094]
[4.627436637878418]
[63.84090805053711]
[25.165613174438477]
[3.3396964073181152]
[10.97021770477295]
[10.678577423095703]
[66.57685852050781]
[4.5605363845825195]
[5.066112041473389]
[3.859384059906006]
[3.7883856296539307]
[15.263288497924805]
[38.349700927734375]
[3.9936563968658447]
[3.3119750022888184]
[12.772069931030273]
[4.030523777008057]
[4.050271034240723]
[76.93106079101562]
[3.345365047454834]
[96.12528228759766]
[5.30056619644165]
[4.014796257019043]
[4.30439567565918]
[3.690960645675659]
[20.32903289794922]
[107.74776458740234]
[4.0715413093566895]
[13.636178970336914]
[10.872014045715332]
[456.531494140625]
[3.856265068054199]
[65.41038513183594]
[78.70431518554688]
[32.93212127685547]
[9.295452117919922]
[8966.7470703125]
[3.291102647781372]
[8389.1318359375]
[25.55221176147461]
[7.1663432121276855]
[11.340060234069824]
[216.28863525390625]
[330.5022277832031]
[56.928497314453125]
[46.296688079833984]
[8.224372863769531]
[3.530021905899048]
[8.246116638183594]
[202.68783569335938]
[8.267461776733398]
[34.480743408203125]
[531.3195190429688]
[26.200727462768555]
[4.095463275909424]
[3.9945740699768066]
[57.39224624633789]
[7.777963638305664]
[3.9726717472076416]
[4.577101230621338]
[3.922891616821289]
[4.226284980773926]
[734.1701049804688]
[16306.9287109375]
[5657.4501953125]
[3.577528715133667]
[212.84095764160156]
[83.26563262939453]
[80.05724334716797]
[7.527121543884277]
[3.5450046062469482]
[181.1713409423828]
[31.634607315063477]
[2.8111484050750732]
[597.539306640625]
[3.8826217651367188]
[67.42816162109375]
[29.84870147705078]
[196.39259338378906]
[624.1603393554688]
[9.369132041931152]
[4.255376815795898]
[86.12855529785156]
[146.07362365722656]
[16.318065643310547]
[328.36883544921875]
[21.715736389160156]
[63.53827667236328]
[10.481127738952637]
[5.9806227684021]
[4.515207290649414]
[7.550972938537598]
[4.537507057189941]
[105.57369995117188]
[3.983779191970825]
[4.445287227630615]
[486.915771484375]
[37.87440872192383]
[3.2223479747772217]
[3.256324529647827]
[9.268025398254395]
[4.544238090515137]
[4.14734411239624]
[12.399872779846191]
[8.142572402954102]
[564.3333740234375]
[107.86978149414062]
[4.3850531578063965]
[30.42597007751465]
[183.68319702148438]
[2.9415218830108643]
[248.8949737548828]
[39.18475341796875]
[2.9220871925354004]
[3.8567309379577637]
[4.626372337341309]
[632.7179565429688]
[2.8560590744018555]
[15.488519668579102]
[3.1289889812469482]
[464.0155944824219]
[4.607604503631592]
[29.40869903564453]
[3.6044702529907227]
[3.5937139987945557]
[3.799765110015869]
[19.715333938598633]
[3.290032386779785]
[3.5321314334869385]
[3.157073974609375]
[50.12320327758789]
[3.5211801528930664]
[15.497502326965332]
[3.6510071754455566]
[1849.32958984375]
[27.16781997680664]
[15.416234970092773]
[3.8429412841796875]
[20.477275848388672]
[3.8360228538513184]
[10.000640869140625]
[111.78148651123047]
[3.635795831680298]
[16666.9921875]
[12.471417427062988]
[4.395025253295898]
[8.55456256866455]
[458.3858337402344]
[5.417374134063721]
[13.349427223205566]
[12.848288536071777]
[59.0709228515625]
[17.532421112060547]
[120.28801727294922]
[20.37105369567871]
[41.95254898071289]
[34.84330368041992]
[5.8703813552856445]
[4.75180721282959]
[6.020196914672852]
[5.932880401611328]
[6.541225433349609]
[4.019075870513916]
[44.16386795043945]
[26.903757095336914]
[9.626277923583984]
[1268.057861328125]
[19.2629337310791]
[5.975358963012695]
[6.418676376342773]
[21.759910583496094]
[5.831063747406006]
[29.054115295410156]
[2.6182656288146973]
[482.8145751953125]
[36.692138671875]
[5.59698486328125]
[12.082815170288086]
[189.32127380371094]
[98.02660369873047]
[5.211158275604248]
[7.426535606384277]
[5.316685199737549]
[10.831521987915039]
[3.5182132720947266]
[17.12456512451172]
[515.5480346679688]
[5.315372943878174]
[69.81558227539062]
[8.124897956848145]
[913.8049926757812]
[4.985307693481445]
[247.9224853515625]
[7.822346210479736]
[2.8669190406799316]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.5778489112854]
[31.477582931518555]
[27.6290283203125]
[9.551175117492676]
[4.349079132080078]
[25.989076614379883]
[4.1744866371154785]
[10.140443801879883]
[7.534143447875977]
[4.150838851928711]
[4.114602088928223]
[94.1395034790039]
[4.044020652770996]
[3.5757057666778564]
[1778.10888671875]
[2.773273229598999]
[2.5391125679016113]
[2.547010898590088]
[6.527589321136475]
[3.5346503257751465]
[2.639754056930542]
[3.557347297668457]
[2.2904551029205322]
[746.248779296875]
[3.2909700870513916]
[13.625713348388672]
[192.19024658203125]
[4.551987171173096]
[2.354750394821167]
[3.093581199645996]
[2.547459602355957]
[3.224403142929077]
[423.8554382324219]
[109.26066589355469]
[104.46781158447266]
[1.8820260763168335]
[101.81278228759766]
[13.736724853515625]
[2.4557721614837646]
[180.78297424316406]
[190.93093872070312]
[3.0775539875030518]
[440.45147705078125]
[34.36674499511719]
[5.292583465576172]
[74.51358032226562]
[397.0651550292969]
[9462.4931640625]
[3.6419622898101807]
[34.580230712890625]
[523.02294921875]
[10.432175636291504]
[596.4813842773438]
[7.6112961769104]
[3.2618777751922607]
[527.32568359375]
[85.59854125976562]
[6.493124008178711]
[3.6426210403442383]
[2.6782240867614746]
[158.0838623046875]
[15.379661560058594]
[237.6860809326172]
[789.331787109375]
[6.904974460601807]
[996.8955688476562]
[4.340163707733154]
[6.7391767501831055]
[2.633676052093506]
[4.007535934448242]
[4.039660453796387]
[4.130105018615723]
[95.1606674194336]
[83.56427001953125]
[2.9441046714782715]
[3.5889275074005127]
[60.021514892578125]
[3.8556809425354004]
[3.976714849472046]
[3130.565673828125]
[3.760788917541504]
[1459.9105224609375]
[3.5304129123687744]
[17.436521530151367]
[3.0595791339874268]
[211.42628479003906]
[12.03265380859375]
[232.73605346679688]
[7.961057186126709]
[3.437190294265747]
[7.806267738342285]
[3.3864264488220215]
[3.2329721450805664]
[12.625476837158203]
[9.418002128601074]
[2.9975225925445557]
[7.516519546508789]
[34.46617126464844]
[6.442464828491211]
[4.170023441314697]
[146.7605438232422]
[3.3096566200256348]
[99.80768585205078]
[7.448154449462891]
[3.243898391723633]
[2.1016123294830322]
[3.2192201614379883]
[84.6260757446289]
[6.004954814910889]
[1.7419945001602173]
[2.1265015602111816]
[865.51416015625]
[62.88176345825195]
[17.79887580871582]
[23.734619140625]
[3.3286619186401367]
[2380.119873046875]
[1.7261004447937012]
[798.5111083984375]
[442.119384765625]
[2.269754409790039]
[383.8232421875]
[32.225040435791016]
[15.115043640136719]
[4.2988762855529785]
[2.9253053665161133]
[441.9573059082031]
[667.40478515625]
[39.24705505371094]
[7.307011604309082]
[2.5377726554870605]
[3.534511089324951]
[2.7686872482299805]
[164.95077514648438]
[21.253026962280273]
[108.49542236328125]
[216.03480529785156]
[3.8599600791931152]
[4.024859428405762]
[48.278141021728516]
[211.87118530273438]
[136.7561492919922]
[3.4676477909088135]
[9.202588081359863]
[95.16543579101562]
[5.383398532867432]
[6.491016864776611]
[4.217650890350342]
[4875.5966796875]
[4.163492202758789]
[2.7464346885681152]
[970.0792236328125]
[26936.8359375]
[68.719970703125]
[230.53594970703125]
[33.64700698852539]
[3.5281379222869873]
[26.4337215423584]
[2.5856659412384033]
[5.778675556182861]
[27.369298934936523]
[3.7407500743865967]
[16.52324867248535]
[937.3446044921875]
[30.179372787475586]
[56.91189956665039]
[4.1862287521362305]
[5.761981010437012]
[20.3006534576416]
[3.815857172012329]
[3.8122386932373047]
[47.8099365234375]
[18.787857055664062]
[292.6761779785156]
[2.7221920490264893]
[3.6717162132263184]
[889.70654296875]
[11.615409851074219]
[60.98777770996094]
[4.225601673126221]
[2.6191601753234863]
[57.041996002197266]
[4.289344310760498]
[3.5201773643493652]
[3.551055908203125]
[42.30604553222656]
[102.96307373046875]
[3.4938735961914062]
[2.390171766281128]
[21.85477066040039]
[36.8612174987793]
[3.4843358993530273]
[2.43332576751709]
[14.832053184509277]
[2517.1513671875]
[40.87027359008789]
[3.893270254135132]
[51.846435546875]
[8.54242992401123]
[10.604482650756836]
[26.912694931030273]
[23.177061080932617]
[12.588486671447754]
[117.84674835205078]
[6.226200580596924]
[67.81871795654297]
[6.590399265289307]
[5.647770404815674]
[10.55529499053955]
[38.13261413574219]
[7.060412406921387]
[7.231206893920898]
[5.753297328948975]
[18018.3828125]
[15.793272972106934]
[7.742961406707764]
[1435.135498046875]
[11.330977439880371]
[25.577619552612305]
[9.972001075744629]
[5.942066192626953]
[410.2664794921875]
[79.59130096435547]
[90.46345520019531]
[181.41529846191406]
[15.337017059326172]
[8.015300750732422]
[3.890089988708496]
[9.924286842346191]
[261.4002380371094]
[7.212789535522461]
[607.1396484375]
[497.85711669921875]
[3.7955446243286133]
[8.03345012664795]
[52.45413589477539]
[4.332706928253174]
[576.4335327148438]
[19.414331436157227]
[143.93394470214844]
[270.2356872558594]
[4.382928848266602]
[3.7542002201080322]
[4.461589813232422]
[13.866479873657227]
[50.01358413696289]
[10.877994537353516]
[4.229437351226807]
[423.0484619140625]
[4.340996742248535]
[352.7171630859375]
[5.087068557739258]
[72.32396697998047]
[3.997210741043091]
[4.094605922698975]
[4.022593021392822]
[13433.7509765625]
[5.551175594329834]
[8.418428421020508]
[1367.6451416015625]
[194.46563720703125]
[9.793527603149414]
[7.226081371307373]
[32.615150451660156]
[7.282909393310547]
[120.38960266113281]
[7.235058784484863]
[2.2266571521759033]
[5.996333122253418]
[8.175654411315918]
[38.1019401550293]
[430.8497619628906]
[3787.220947265625]
[5.12838077545166]
[5.0571160316467285]
[7.658046722412109]
[5.586544990539551]
[4.894016265869141]
[17.797954559326172]
[3.4327261447906494]
[4.987875461578369]
[4.6523756980896]
[756.9910278320312]
[4.585222244262695]
[53.70292663574219]
[8.020330429077148]
[19.506210327148438]
[13.239777565002441]
[4.568765640258789]
[6678.138671875]
[4.365621089935303]
[760.56689453125]
[62.333778381347656]
[7.994760513305664]
[4.073721408843994]
[4.113422870635986]
[405.9518737792969]
[84.1015853881836]
[3.679128646850586]
[1997.994873046875]
[5.454352855682373]
[43.385929107666016]
[5.4578776359558105]
[736.2173461914062]
[14.968118667602539]
[4.159050464630127]
[5.35293436050415]
[134.27093505859375]
[4.662495136260986]
[20.998910903930664]
[62.50529479980469]
[6.870602607727051]
[69.3561019897461]
[95.24850463867188]
[24.92613983154297]
[3.882735252380371]
[5.306696891784668]
[6.538825035095215]
[85.04328918457031]
[5.2542195320129395]
[13.601053237915039]
[5.119080543518066]
[4.994154930114746]
[747.8460693359375]
[5.425497055053711]
[4.401381015777588]
[116.44489288330078]
[30.431251525878906]
[28.82897186279297]
[4.238067150115967]
[7.352525234222412]
[1775.31005859375]
[36.842193603515625]
[3.7489898204803467]
[158.89309692382812]
[11838.263671875]
[3.5449652671813965]
[85.73178100585938]
[8.131017684936523]
[50.310279846191406]
[871.1964721679688]
[156.3425750732422]
[3.720888137817383]
[9.057465553283691]
[5.500046253204346]
[3.7012581825256348]
[69.52078247070312]
[3.909450054168701]
[175.49525451660156]
[172.68052673339844]
[12.358145713806152]
[518.6680297851562]
[109.187744140625]
[3.762228012084961]
[18.688528060913086]
[5.803271293640137]
[175.12965393066406]
[3.7432098388671875]
[2.8059866428375244]
[4.341411590576172]
[275.7542419433594]
[3.7764322757720947]
[15.994071006774902]
[8.855147361755371]
[3.075507879257202]
[6.120433807373047]
[8.455647468566895]
[4.051777362823486]
[6.302944183349609]
[3.8882598876953125]
[3.9551804065704346]
[37.58348083496094]
[5.137568950653076]
[10.816401481628418]
[3.0154387950897217]
[3.8286468982696533]
[2.800635576248169]
[18.592235565185547]
[69.9448471069336]
[5928.25830078125]
[19.672958374023438]
[9.53892993927002]
[6.181379795074463]
[3.5156948566436768]
[5.268210411071777]
[11.612849235534668]
[43.634891510009766]
[3.5230331420898438]
[4.92943000793457]
[3.580753803253174]
[3.1147987842559814]
[210.4697723388672]
[3.1469998359680176]
[5.70413875579834]
[3.1472342014312744]
[86.65935516357422]
[8.972423553466797]
[3.5728681087493896]
[3.475264310836792]
[27.58570098876953]
[7.048694610595703]
[13.070629119873047]
[3.5698249340057373]
[263.9537048339844]
[11.551012992858887]
[1826.392333984375]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[6.968634605407715]
[104.42511749267578]
[578.6978149414062]
[3.552356004714966]
[6.570673942565918]
[5.128950119018555]
[200.24693298339844]
[645.0023193359375]
[7.366601467132568]
[7.859750747680664]
[3.645017385482788]
[2.524106740951538]
[15.0423583984375]
[3.4931130409240723]
[3.410010576248169]
[3.404209613800049]
[19.284162521362305]
[1226.354248046875]
[3.374152421951294]
[3.419635057449341]
[3.533902645111084]
[67.34402465820312]
[51.47978973388672]
[3.3757779598236084]
[26975.98828125]
[9776.5634765625]
[2.5525665283203125]
[239.7030487060547]
[385.6036682128906]
[3.312262535095215]
[5.995355606079102]
[14.534771919250488]
[3.603518009185791]
[28.37575912475586]
[12.563385009765625]
[14.608869552612305]
[12.888832092285156]
[439.1346130371094]
[8.725981712341309]
[31.062410354614258]
[22.750654220581055]
[259.8628234863281]
[367.4276123046875]
[33.49580383300781]
[55.01942443847656]
[3.1383025646209717]
[6.039419174194336]
[323.2655334472656]
[4.0035810470581055]
[582.8782958984375]
[178.1392822265625]
[173.10325622558594]
[5.3503737449646]
[3.803109645843506]
[3.7766246795654297]
[13.653995513916016]
[1390.4866943359375]
[27.909269332885742]
[6.148683071136475]
[3.746535301208496]
[4744.5947265625]
[30.958498001098633]
[2.9673843383789062]
[71.8932876586914]
[4.144416809082031]
[128.81289672851562]
[184.41384887695312]
[320.179931640625]
[608.4118041992188]
[6.7031707763671875]
[4.249372959136963]
[12.626256942749023]
[4.884823799133301]
[40.68269729614258]
[4.0280070304870605]
[4.101572036743164]
[13.574030876159668]
[54.0394172668457]
[3.1088974475860596]
[4.713332653045654]
[24.958776473999023]
[4.225686550140381]
[266.5003662109375]
[15693.30078125]
[60.6728515625]
[3.463573932647705]
[3.4126088619232178]
[40.10740661621094]
[97.35852813720703]
[14.960827827453613]
[6.270359039306641]
[2.9592130184173584]
[3.3833072185516357]
[6.770843982696533]
[95.44331359863281]
[80.92825317382812]
[3.47416615486145]
[22.661527633666992]
[12383.693359375]
[436.0927429199219]
[5.47507381439209]
[6.05899715423584]
[11.913661003112793]
[3.7746503353118896]
[17.677661895751953]
[3.980733633041382]
[3.5600409507751465]
[26.866777420043945]
[3.1957929134368896]
[11883.818359375]
[30.651325225830078]
[26.70490074157715]
[4.902705192565918]
[6.222936630249023]
[146.61790466308594]
[11.028573989868164]
[38.19561767578125]
[5.456852436065674]
[5.056836128234863]
[7.33636474609375]
[14.644060134887695]
[322.0625]
[7.6342363357543945]
[591.9739990234375]
[5.323731899261475]
[5.25946044921875]
[7.976259708404541]
[429.20648193359375]
[4.614043712615967]
[4.4518961906433105]
[122.0727767944336]
[32.372467041015625]
[7.191521644592285]
[46.46763229370117]
[6.524655342102051]
[77.62600708007812]
[28.058277130126953]
[6.898385047912598]
[5.779743194580078]
[30.627397537231445]
[5.176987171173096]
[4.8223066329956055]
[6.111589431762695]
[9.01406478881836]
[2340.388427734375]
[83.31269836425781]
[2039.9334716796875]
[10.57906723022461]
[3.2405900955200195]
[5.185267925262451]
[9.946967124938965]
[8412.14453125]
[9.74426555633545]
[362.0805358886719]
[93.41207122802734]
[12.400223731994629]
[8.154244422912598]
[31.678974151611328]
[8.036506652832031]
[48.571502685546875]
[258.650390625]
[15.948298454284668]
[61.232547760009766]
[7.7342610359191895]
[108.7206039428711]
[7.879843235015869]
[7.6952223777771]
[7.483415126800537]
[32.07304763793945]
[142.52090454101562]
[7.08468770980835]
[7.165287971496582]
[258.6289978027344]
[7.376635551452637]
[250.97772216796875]
[5.916710376739502]
[90.08318328857422]
[150.35528564453125]
[26.366117477416992]
[1622.703125]
[34.76630401611328]
[5.69610595703125]
[4.850266456604004]
[106.77599334716797]
[707.3970336914062]
[15.658180236816406]
[808.0764770507812]
[8.886551856994629]
[5.597393989562988]
[5.6487135887146]
[156.62965393066406]
[5.673584461212158]
[5.778780937194824]
[8.855957984924316]
[169.17027282714844]
[4769.93017578125]
[7.42085075378418]
[44.729217529296875]
[5.848644256591797]
[12.108564376831055]
[7.24022102355957]
[5.687597751617432]
[4.5974555015563965]
[4.570618152618408]
[427.0079345703125]
[20.60037612915039]
[16.735301971435547]
[8.635990142822266]
[134.96612548828125]
[19.635560989379883]
[10.625414848327637]
[5.188892364501953]
[110.59867095947266]
[8.571157455444336]
[33.02418899536133]
[23.139446258544922]
[4.155606269836426]
[4.516229152679443]
[106.07943725585938]
[278.085693359375]
[235.39398193359375]
[4.2589311599731445]
[87.333984375]
[11.039159774780273]
[19.951793670654297]
[9.69637680053711]
[1297.73583984375]
[6.639271259307861]
[1461.349365234375]
[271.7061462402344]
[4.460468769073486]
[7407.63330078125]
[7.917689323425293]
[128.6029052734375]
[6.344966888427734]
[10.313152313232422]
[8.791236877441406]
[3846.45166015625]
[129.846923828125]
[83.99444580078125]
[46.66590881347656]
[15.183218002319336]
[6.277032852172852]
[4.7327561378479]
[8.42001724243164]
[18.644556045532227]
[8.298157691955566]
[8.275835990905762]
[8.193890571594238]
[10.786211013793945]
[8.644828796386719]
[57.21058654785156]
[6.330240249633789]
[5.58559513092041]
[172.21485900878906]
[6.984612941741943]
[3.56217622756958]
[94.798095703125]
[846.119873046875]
[6.4907050132751465]
[45.84104919433594]
[3.1756904125213623]
[17125.5]
[5078.40625]
[5.798697471618652]
[129.78851318359375]
[95.92901611328125]
[101.98308563232422]
[5.224321365356445]
[16.8940486907959]
[5.935060977935791]
[5.9655537605285645]
[8.353672981262207]
[154.12037658691406]
[7.929553985595703]
[12.551301002502441]
[169.28343200683594]
[6.080777168273926]
[5.805722236633301]
[46.69091796875]
[24.57135581970215]
[5.514947414398193]
[1531.6551513671875]
[42.383583068847656]
[5.152556896209717]
[73.76617431640625]
[6.948531627655029]
[51.054481506347656]
[1214.248779296875]
[4.880731582641602]
[4.873039722442627]
[100.807861328125]
[141.58030700683594]
[204.9532470703125]
[7.783631801605225]
[135.1300811767578]
[31.251325607299805]
[11.574378967285156]
[29.2690486907959]
[7.278012275695801]
[14.699492454528809]
[4.968553066253662]
[5.054934024810791]
[4.784645080566406]
[6.030374050140381]
[9.061040878295898]
[200.3104248046875]
[4.9650492668151855]
[2246.704833984375]
[25.171293258666992]
[4.829949855804443]
[28.760591506958008]
[58.31194305419922]
[8.006882667541504]
[108.02225494384766]
[15.151678085327148]
[8.64791202545166]
[7.698477745056152]
[4.495137691497803]
[4.471647262573242]
[4.573808670043945]
[546.8401489257812]
[61.93354034423828]
[569.0018920898438]
[146.05303955078125]
[19.510852813720703]
[4.215563774108887]
[15.318804740905762]
[102.85460662841797]
[65.33345031738281]
[3.8265645503997803]
[16.156160354614258]
[4.8454060554504395]
[6.943446159362793]
[38.764339447021484]
[9.033186912536621]
[3.917656660079956]
[4.032094955444336]
[3.251072406768799]
[3.2962613105773926]
[5.535271644592285]
[5.425771713256836]
[238.7332763671875]
[5.170555591583252]
[8.330121040344238]
[3.972947120666504]
[680.9900512695312]
[350.9131774902344]
[5.721333026885986]
[7273.06884765625]
[6.535902500152588]
[6.008820056915283]
[3.9636147022247314]
[4.152491569519043]
[6488.6748046875]
[4.164088249206543]
[6.607249736785889]
[13.172179222106934]
[3.5211973190307617]
[39.2487678527832]
[696.1806030273438]
[2.950024366378784]
[126.24378204345703]
[14.99295425415039]
[4689.41455078125]
[5.980623245239258]
[16.729202270507812]
[5629.68994140625]
[4.086574554443359]
[6.383842945098877]
[3.1192409992218018]
[1235.91845703125]
[4.3209967613220215]
[12300.69921875]
[5308.8564453125]
[5.0257568359375]
[238.01962280273438]
[4.767950534820557]
[3.459373712539673]
[5.2372260093688965]
[10.273531913757324]
[981.4567260742188]
[32.7811279296875]
[9.734454154968262]
[5.407474517822266]
[108.43815612792969]
[4.351939678192139]
[1279.3621826171875]
[4.348520755767822]
[4.40419864654541]
[8.926536560058594]
[118.84943389892578]
[4.576505661010742]
[87.60861206054688]
[5.693025588989258]
[115.26483154296875]
[4.781648635864258]
[119.94607543945312]
[4.654741287231445]
[4.627862453460693]
[449.769287109375]
[4.581529140472412]
[93.25526428222656]
[206.91725158691406]
[103.4244155883789]
[4.362127780914307]
[32.181697845458984]
[75.86062622070312]
[4.565090179443359]
[4.164745330810547]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[26.290943145751953]
[93.74896240234375]
[3.930945634841919]
[3.9088220596313477]
[351.04718017578125]
[3.5758612155914307]
[3.154106855392456]
[5.74149227142334]
[223.14654541015625]
[123.78787231445312]
[6.196717739105225]
[16.127473831176758]
[18.369853973388672]
[236.66574096679688]
[5.9047532081604]
[4.6344099044799805]
[11.214798927307129]
[112.11770629882812]
[3.6573259830474854]
[29.044200897216797]
[54.832977294921875]
[5.552502632141113]
[43.102298736572266]
[35.609920501708984]
[614.8314208984375]
[3.736515522003174]
[2.801964521408081]
[108.1738510131836]
[6.556389331817627]
[25.770872116088867]
[94.0409927368164]
[2.808626651763916]
[3.705198287963867]
[120.87382507324219]
[530.9689331054688]
[3.670408248901367]
[36.0999641418457]
[54.81814956665039]
[60.76072311401367]
[12573.3046875]
[184.14674377441406]
[3.8917064666748047]
[7.790734767913818]
[71.9039077758789]
[6.400617599487305]
[7.832367420196533]
[44.99209976196289]
[4.4829421043396]
[10.627815246582031]
[2.7516567707061768]
[5.432157516479492]
[25.251012802124023]
[248.35675048828125]
[2.723398208618164]
[11.799288749694824]
[4.43004035949707]
[25.207111358642578]
[5.395911693572998]
[458.9440612792969]
[8757.66796875]
[73.51054382324219]
[3.2804431915283203]
[932.4776611328125]
[12.360075950622559]
[7.7903265953063965]
[750.6294555664062]
[6.297679901123047]
[6.573857307434082]
[7.934499740600586]
[141.17953491210938]
[5.0023040771484375]
[5.183221817016602]
[7.594933032989502]
[5.496340751647949]
[3.835517644882202]
[9.665268898010254]
[5.938544273376465]
[240.1378173828125]
[5.868839263916016]
[5275.1181640625]
[60.66868591308594]
[113.21575927734375]
[24.748170852661133]
[4.591497421264648]
[7.387849807739258]
[10.272683143615723]
[2.9465224742889404]
[14.216856956481934]
[4.519624710083008]
[4.579866886138916]
[490.50030517578125]
[6.027505397796631]
[12.330497741699219]
[639.7081298828125]
[6.884666919708252]
[34.480125427246094]
[4.485239028930664]
[6.04923152923584]
[5.490816593170166]
[3.4931793212890625]
[4.488296031951904]
[122.06358337402344]
[11107.5390625]
[1541.8629150390625]
[5.927606105804443]
[71.81879425048828]
[54.089351654052734]
[4.360204219818115]
[14.30733871459961]
[5321.13330078125]
[29.007116317749023]
[4.294449329376221]
[6.9622673988342285]
[10.317188262939453]
[4.214635848999023]
[5.250622749328613]
[117.35235595703125]
[4.189513206481934]
[29.194080352783203]
[4.398269176483154]
[8.517457008361816]
[4.360265731811523]
[46.35468292236328]
[3.695706844329834]
[7.204465389251709]
[4.285646915435791]
[76.89407348632812]
[76.84374237060547]
[7123.037109375]
[4.6505937576293945]
[11.04067611694336]
[7.824716091156006]
[16.373353958129883]
[4.700540065765381]
[9.910669326782227]
[3.8186893463134766]
[1476.08056640625]
[99.78836059570312]
[85.9619140625]
[905.5997924804688]
[3.8961076736450195]
[6.461794376373291]
[4.596601963043213]
[21.520292282104492]
[35.493919372558594]
[4.224763870239258]
[145.73924255371094]
[5.588606357574463]
[20.34002113342285]
[165.6249542236328]
[8.70629596710205]
[266.9296569824219]
[117.75334167480469]
[3.456968069076538]
[3.4124109745025635]
[11.460278511047363]
[165.78939819335938]
[3.5489611625671387]
[5.5134077072143555]
[16.094417572021484]
[3.2128989696502686]
[5.61685848236084]
[2.6844983100891113]
[3.1722412109375]
[668.1552124023438]
[46.99199295043945]
[3.13814640045166]
[3.1260647773742676]
[325.2695007324219]
[145.40306091308594]
[2.3666744232177734]
[3.2113637924194336]
[5.091750621795654]
[16.597728729248047]
[2.9216232299804688]
[2.321348190307617]
[2.9906561374664307]
[4.010066032409668]
[29.769445419311523]
[4.781854152679443]
[2.958249092102051]
[7.949603080749512]
[4.566936016082764]
[6.10464334487915]
[2.9850428104400635]
[25.233104705810547]
[5370.75390625]
[10.418885231018066]
[2.996922254562378]
[39.915809631347656]
[698.4338989257812]
[3.2720863819122314]
[99.82205963134766]
[4.260462760925293]
[4.525836944580078]
[5.173437595367432]
[2.763270854949951]
[3.1770288944244385]
[100.13720703125]
[2.3314733505249023]
[6.61955451965332]
[3.488935947418213]
[49.375736236572266]
[194.79647827148438]
[6.246089458465576]
[2.0786702632904053]
[3.748161554336548]
[2.304187059402466]
[44.61394119262695]
[3.2567436695098877]
[5.575685977935791]
[3.157106876373291]
[3.0796847343444824]
[3.2579615116119385]
[25.431730270385742]
[5.958258628845215]
[4.494304656982422]
[69.04265594482422]
[55.80012512207031]
[3.031177282333374]
[32.591182708740234]
[2.723806381225586]
[5.39437198638916]
[16.63347053527832]
[2.970332145690918]
[13.697955131530762]
[381.1534729003906]
[8.389806747436523]
[3.696462631225586]
[2.3728139400482178]
[5.922686576843262]
[4.790414810180664]
[8.3572359085083]
[637.0123291015625]
[23.209999084472656]
[811.4361572265625]
[142.7999267578125]
[2.7389707565307617]
[4.58587121963501]
[48.07426834106445]
[14.151098251342773]
[25.39284896850586]
[6.145274639129639]
[11.214849472045898]
[32.028472900390625]
[235.9022216796875]
[79.91497802734375]
[2.7583587169647217]
[89.38573455810547]
[30.069429397583008]
[3.325148105621338]
[26.468969345092773]
[77.19852447509766]
[218.4391632080078]
[472.5213928222656]
[97.17044830322266]
[15.940296173095703]
[2.4800686836242676]
[7.366315841674805]
[4.612622261047363]
[139.73776245117188]
[2.7674484252929688]
[106.36895751953125]
[2.782362937927246]
[82.73014831542969]
[29.479049682617188]
[2.8386504650115967]
[2.7871222496032715]
[6172.52978515625]
[53.53944396972656]
[94.97099304199219]
[323.6200866699219]
[726.3906860351562]
[48.09382247924805]
[6.592058181762695]
[14888.09765625]
[111.25675964355469]
[9.298617362976074]
[4.384927272796631]
[2.2669425010681152]
[6.228315353393555]
[4.762149810791016]
[2.8313848972320557]
[9.996888160705566]
[3.5983777046203613]
[12.442485809326172]
[2.521378517150879]
[4.007265090942383]
[32.32004928588867]
[2.5019800662994385]
[16.004226684570312]
[35.20745849609375]
[2.561455011367798]
[4.804807662963867]
[21.42892074584961]
[2.560101270675659]
[4.170837879180908]
[2.284350633621216]
[2.5128085613250732]
[2.016702651977539]
[2.0108156204223633]
[62.57871627807617]
[4.1962480545043945]
[1.8878380060195923]
[1.9507337808609009]
[3.623534917831421]
[508.4013671875]
[59.649986267089844]
[4.183413028717041]
[105.99713134765625]
[15.150006294250488]
[2.407167911529541]
[103.13431549072266]
[4.567711353302002]
[2.388786792755127]
[8.544486045837402]
[16.264667510986328]
[4.997109413146973]
[2.4013333320617676]
[4.145277976989746]
[10.041954040527344]
[877.797119140625]
[1.762074589729309]
[178.71484375]
[3.7683300971984863]
[4.5533599853515625]
[3.2511985301971436]
[4.960393905639648]
[5.341301918029785]
[2.7551462650299072]
[2.9454174041748047]
[5.581523418426514]
[5.380914688110352]
[96.42615509033203]
[2.9299912452697754]
[11.063715934753418]
[170.16017150878906]
[3.0515105724334717]
[65.63439178466797]
[2.7371106147766113]
[5.346799850463867]
[3.5234131813049316]
[46.389129638671875]
[2.928285837173462]
[2.8453006744384766]
[43.031978607177734]
[2.6896941661834717]
[2.7990639209747314]
[5.918231964111328]
[5.202497959136963]
[2.9837613105773926]
[11.394478797912598]
[32.850502014160156]
[151.21653747558594]
[2.9532346725463867]
[2.756338119506836]
[2.736140489578247]
[2.684830665588379]
[27.258230209350586]
[218.13795471191406]
[2.26871395111084]
[2.5409934520721436]
[8.487903594970703]
[16.000276565551758]
[4.750980854034424]
[4.1724162101745605]
[1.4635536670684814]
[1.8309804201126099]
[33.81280517578125]
[2.0905747413635254]
[2.4251794815063477]
[2.0697319507598877]
[10.592704772949219]
[296.76385498046875]
[43.425262451171875]
[3.1403446197509766]
[8187.33203125]
[14.889854431152344]
[2.453479051589966]
[2.5013937950134277]
[1024.086181640625]
[22.855234146118164]
[5.081498622894287]
[4.51605224609375]
[2.967336416244507]
[3.0861282348632812]
[15.465141296386719]
[3.268784523010254]
[2.289505958557129]
[8.599377632141113]
[5.53977108001709]
[4.920291900634766]
[48.78956985473633]
[158.19728088378906]
[10.20300579071045]
[6.8016557693481445]
[25.897232055664062]
[34.99028015136719]
[133.14511108398438]
[3.877490282058716]
[2.7940752506256104]
[2.9007010459899902]
[7.049097061157227]
[4.8016815185546875]
[215.75347900390625]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.839322090148926]
[5.099277973175049]
[27.908531188964844]
[797.4779663085938]
[8.442342758178711]
[3.132328987121582]
[4.967172622680664]
[952.8192749023438]
[2.980578660964966]
[53.677696228027344]
[564.0670166015625]
[2839.552734375]
[12.216195106506348]
[105.6259994506836]
[174.12460327148438]
[5.860980987548828]
[8.646729469299316]
[5.011270523071289]
[49.38279342651367]
[5.220686435699463]
[5.655125141143799]
[5161.81689453125]
[206.40087890625]
[9.058060646057129]
[5.897150039672852]
[22.043039321899414]
[39.901031494140625]
[196.91134643554688]
[5.852219104766846]
[4.9274468421936035]
[26.955690383911133]
[7.4826836585998535]
[13281.6025390625]
[4.197776794433594]
[23.22735595703125]
[248.8822784423828]
[5.590428352355957]
[3.4259917736053467]
[57.0779914855957]
[3.29378080368042]
[6.037721633911133]
[91.80867004394531]
[7163.26708984375]
[22.71337890625]
[6.299951076507568]
[14.015151023864746]
[2.8488190174102783]
[2.775954484939575]
[893.94970703125]
[2.589370012283325]
[2.441960334777832]
[4697.27001953125]
[6.355020046234131]
[7.917438507080078]
[848.5960693359375]
[1.8637503385543823]
[3.5936410427093506]
[962.8827514648438]
[14.455765724182129]
[10.938648223876953]
[25.349172592163086]
[47.3615608215332]
[3.7143654823303223]
[4087.226806640625]
[8.054069519042969]
[6.141646862030029]
[6.7625813484191895]
[3625.524658203125]
[343.5291442871094]
[132.4716339111328]
[3.2837305068969727]
[128.0047607421875]
[4.9881911277771]
[6.333895683288574]
[29.059396743774414]
[8.924370765686035]
[348.2083740234375]
[162.30819702148438]
[4.727602958679199]
[41.79022979736328]
[27.08061981201172]
[16.48786163330078]
[60.795265197753906]
[40.438262939453125]
[13.468758583068848]
[61.551658630371094]
[73.12849426269531]
[4.570552825927734]
[3.0309054851531982]
[8.321386337280273]
[17.32329750061035]
[20.21540069580078]
[7653.10009765625]
[82.00227355957031]
[72.08380889892578]
[1169.312255859375]
[4.024224281311035]
[416.5372619628906]
[5141.15576171875]
[34.71534729003906]
[20.497926712036133]
[10.815651893615723]
[3.642092227935791]
[2.6253325939178467]
[3.533010482788086]
[6.340846538543701]
[8.56408405303955]
[2.4533185958862305]
[21.091873168945312]
[2.538081169128418]
[2.4969704151153564]
[670.5044555664062]
[26.114442825317383]
[3.888632297515869]
[3.2260172367095947]
[8.215300559997559]
[123.45068359375]
[2.6262693405151367]
[2.3071601390838623]
[2.8223440647125244]
[14.271430969238281]
[124.37495422363281]
[60.01548767089844]
[2.8909642696380615]
[3.3196091651916504]
[10.034753799438477]
[2.8158774375915527]
[2.7938153743743896]
[181.7607879638672]
[2.37504506111145]
[2.7736294269561768]
[2.7225730419158936]
[7.326854228973389]
[4.825928211212158]
[5.039090156555176]
[13.880420684814453]
[3.255157470703125]
[14.169647216796875]
[2.082491397857666]
[2.6313223838806152]
[3.515293598175049]
[4.505935192108154]
[287.8457946777344]
[4.4829630851745605]
[6.57924747467041]
[2.579589605331421]
[4.640823841094971]
[3.728890895843506]
[28.194231033325195]
[272.78857421875]
[4.530946731567383]
[2.4882898330688477]
[93.85487365722656]
[35.546871185302734]
[37.671234130859375]
[2.3997561931610107]
[1.5799288749694824]
[5.215082168579102]
[2.38370943069458]
[377.31109619140625]
[152.47207641601562]
[1.693434238433838]
[2.393178701400757]
[2.378156900405884]
[45.61581039428711]
[3.531280755996704]
[268.9078369140625]
[148.14004516601562]
[19.169464111328125]
[2.326474189758301]
[5.8766584396362305]
[2.7771363258361816]
[98.58366394042969]
[2.2923309803009033]
[2.24758243560791]
[2.1005258560180664]
[2.2282752990722656]
[57.354251861572266]
[134.42886352539062]
[590.0416259765625]
[4713.7451171875]
[4.114673614501953]
[89.73255920410156]
[634.1460571289062]
[4.3900909423828125]
[4.3064961433410645]
[57.31178283691406]
[18.161052703857422]
[158.63571166992188]
[2.296738624572754]
[3.213724136352539]
[5.280083656311035]
[13.757967948913574]
[4.455403804779053]
[2.4980130195617676]
[2.487339735031128]
[9.223228454589844]
[1631.5584716796875]
[1.5967514514923096]
[5.014504432678223]
[1144.2042236328125]
[2.667059898376465]
[2.7164416313171387]
[3834.60595703125]
[4.064441680908203]
[16.195865631103516]
[9.073204040527344]
[3139.859130859375]
[18.68203353881836]
[53.21836471557617]
[1017.072998046875]
[2.901033401489258]
[2.0963361263275146]
[61.64278793334961]
[593.161376953125]
[25.3009033203125]
[13.262855529785156]
[1.978563666343689]
[7.341687202453613]
[60.933143615722656]
[3.5145463943481445]
[3.212282180786133]
[2.8743069171905518]
[7.699358940124512]
[5.420586585998535]
[3.706402540206909]
[5.4890618324279785]
[16.512405395507812]
[9.391472816467285]
[103.66148376464844]
[125.60090637207031]
[3.760935068130493]
[21.489614486694336]
[3.9575655460357666]
[2.757150888442993]
[7.866304874420166]
[4.183356761932373]
[1135.764892578125]
[3.542527437210083]
[3.0934078693389893]
[124.70964813232422]
[19.32996368408203]
[3.4023566246032715]
[11.864693641662598]
[2.709135055541992]
[7.2559895515441895]
[48.01783752441406]
[13.311522483825684]
[8.01041030883789]
[2.098515748977661]
[16.828855514526367]
[12.960479736328125]
[56.56007766723633]
[24.479419708251953]
[8.834203720092773]
[3.248192071914673]
[4951.669921875]
[3.436973810195923]
[3.1511733531951904]
[116.69731140136719]
[3.094984769821167]
[6.272781848907471]
[4.662214756011963]
[30.530614852905273]
[20.686573028564453]
[115.96650695800781]
[19.38134765625]
[1403.2423095703125]
[4.936343193054199]
[261.2927551269531]
[3.965031623840332]
[2.207240104675293]
[4.731253147125244]
[9.403295516967773]
[150.41217041015625]
[4938.4736328125]
[32.188663482666016]
[7.4117960929870605]
[15.482200622558594]
[103.56724548339844]
[2.4107108116149902]
[2.841404914855957]
[5.543568134307861]
[8.054398536682129]
[2.9119362831115723]
[4.6363019943237305]
[3.5233397483825684]
[3.516731023788452]
[2.954080820083618]
[120.40300750732422]
[63.61577606201172]
[7.905908107757568]
[40.86421203613281]
[186.70506286621094]
[2.7826545238494873]
[73.65441131591797]
[2.7828290462493896]
[3.044400930404663]
[5295.33544921875]
[2.2924153804779053]
[1.7145236730575562]
[2.0568320751190186]
[2.092740535736084]
[6.237071990966797]
[2.3500266075134277]
[2.534789562225342]
[104.68990325927734]
[3.0236220359802246]
[6.1191511154174805]
[66.63599395751953]
[33.803016662597656]
[2.7521603107452393]
[3.7933225631713867]
[7.523831367492676]
[3.8724536895751953]
[4.295257568359375]
[4.047386646270752]
[170.458984375]
[144.2650146484375]
[6067.77392578125]
[3.101896047592163]
[2.5789763927459717]
[7.730511665344238]
[78.01056671142578]
[1.6729331016540527]
[76.24925994873047]
[3.6585254669189453]
[2.601835012435913]
[691.1828002929688]
[107.25955963134766]
[7.161054611206055]
[68.82925415039062]
[4.307098865509033]
[50.733489990234375]
[2.3381006717681885]
[6.403274059295654]
[3.37873911857605]
[137.14039611816406]
[3.17067813873291]
[66.19510650634766]
[56.620765686035156]
[3.8694183826446533]
[3.365917921066284]
[82.92212677001953]
[1.946496605873108]
[2.6221728324890137]
[5.386328220367432]
[21.9263973236084]
[5974.4462890625]
[2.3404994010925293]
[5.680504322052002]
[122.20697021484375]
[2.1951847076416016]
[5.230549335479736]
[80.19856262207031]
[4.658726692199707]
[90.32637786865234]
[3501.211181640625]
[2.721550703048706]
[16.060317993164062]
[60.93324279785156]
[1662.28271484375]
[6265.0283203125]
[14.529208183288574]
[9.14636516571045]
[46.1457405090332]
[4.4282546043396]
[2.484719753265381]
[413.38824462890625]
[2.7837400436401367]
[4.308608055114746]
[30.8883056640625]
[2.818166732788086]
[5.347418785095215]
[3.4133481979370117]
[153.0413055419922]
[104.87544250488281]
[175.38641357421875]
[143.59805297851562]
[9.164589881896973]
[3.312333583831787]
[27.7434024810791]
[4.510594367980957]
[3.6489410400390625]
[4.983356475830078]
[4.745788097381592]
[10.78860855102539]
[3.6118602752685547]
[26.226577758789062]
[4368.20703125]
[26.922029495239258]
[62.21369934082031]
[91.65348815917969]
[2.804536819458008]
[20.5935115814209]
[6.684690475463867]
[2.1216516494750977]
[227.42733764648438]
[2.335202693939209]
[10.394248962402344]
[18.20294761657715]
[1.8357714414596558]
[5.889219760894775]
[2.2537858486175537]
[1191.787841796875]
[21.36001205444336]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[5.739658355712891]
[7.496901988983154]
[142.15499877929688]
[2.2985877990722656]
[1.7104110717773438]
[367.2303466796875]
[4585.3876953125]
[3.1437461376190186]
[101.68233489990234]
[1015.7684936523438]
[2.4887802600860596]
[247.1395263671875]
[2.3464303016662598]
[2.861604690551758]
[81.75072479248047]
[2.528764009475708]
[119.83503723144531]
[2.5989530086517334]
[15.546536445617676]
[168.1146240234375]
[4.610040664672852]
[2.749552011489868]
[44.828956604003906]
[2.4629011154174805]
[5.233117580413818]
[82.41849517822266]
[2.5721068382263184]
[99.73030090332031]
[4.720789909362793]
[4.396345615386963]
[4.767969608306885]
[2.8509926795959473]
[5.517019271850586]
[3.1994094848632812]
[13.304425239562988]
[139.99813842773438]
[8.687055587768555]
[2.7530181407928467]
[2.7745227813720703]
[12.319991111755371]
[5.478425979614258]
[45.652931213378906]
[45.07704544067383]
[5.249790191650391]
[2.111090898513794]
[2.7146551609039307]
[2.634328603744507]
[2.0244603157043457]
[4.992262363433838]
[2.538196325302124]
[12.228665351867676]
[237.91720581054688]
[4.386950492858887]
[2.421677827835083]
[3.2527554035186768]
[1.6922008991241455]
[4.799956321716309]
[20.215198516845703]
[6.143226146697998]
[1.7719224691390991]
[2.3572733402252197]
[4462.49267578125]
[2.2630162239074707]
[1.8742867708206177]
[2.4163899421691895]
[2.378575325012207]
[3.844569683074951]
[57.53532409667969]
[2.5095250606536865]
[1.6314889192581177]
[100.90364074707031]
[7.775504112243652]
[114.31990051269531]
[106.82534790039062]
[612.3301391601562]
[97.07965087890625]
[1035.6033935546875]
[1.895166039466858]
[11.836504936218262]
[8.720788955688477]
[4.738726615905762]
[70.17001342773438]
[50.149818420410156]
[4.191019058227539]
[4.428904056549072]
[370.2187194824219]
[3.3964388370513916]
[6.166691780090332]
[190.95054626464844]
[51.1053466796875]
[28.347126007080078]
[267.2020568847656]
[112.90071105957031]
[3.969985008239746]
[12.662219047546387]
[506.599853515625]
[2.2291946411132812]
[12.454249382019043]
[2.1993935108184814]
[52.258663177490234]
[6.661015510559082]
[2.172076463699341]
[3.519848108291626]
[2.1532812118530273]
[28.249738693237305]
[7.299046039581299]
[2.273040533065796]
[116.61819458007812]
[2.2534079551696777]
[3565.882080078125]
[2.6043851375579834]
[1241.815673828125]
[20.302799224853516]
[7.089017868041992]
[2.3199503421783447]
[18.279010772705078]
[21.477235794067383]
[2.3432092666625977]
[196.8008270263672]
[44.9156608581543]
[4.1084113121032715]
[89.00306701660156]
[3.7869186401367188]
[6.315942287445068]
[2.4470114707946777]
[87.88020324707031]
[2.409712314605713]
[180.04656982421875]
[2.433696985244751]
[2.4191856384277344]
[72.46758270263672]
[2.3919332027435303]
[99.36663818359375]
[3.935636520385742]
[4.973672866821289]
[79.25279998779297]
[3.593801259994507]
[1.6149364709854126]
[2.193270206451416]
[179.27133178710938]
[1.8911678791046143]
[3.852091073989868]
[1632.53125]
[32.26463317871094]
[3.44921875]
[1.6771283149719238]
[477.0159912109375]
[2.214620351791382]
[2.8475067615509033]
[4.661789417266846]
[3.620131731033325]
[1.6259771585464478]
[1.8836085796356201]
[3.2722036838531494]
[6.869625091552734]
[93.60150146484375]
[186.95721435546875]
[1.7786844968795776]
[17.248634338378906]
[127.2332992553711]
[3.4669251441955566]
[191.4217529296875]
[6.569680213928223]
[2.372509241104126]
[1.959529161453247]
[305.4203186035156]
[111.8680191040039]
[2.0769803524017334]
[64.03761291503906]
[182.7085723876953]
[12.987039566040039]
[43.865474700927734]
[7.007557392120361]
[6.928303241729736]
[69.9869613647461]
[3.426584482192993]
[3.6125710010528564]
[4.715796947479248]
[9.269320487976074]
[1.7665855884552002]
[3.2461986541748047]
[1.9885309934616089]
[113.12479400634766]
[72.60747528076172]
[1.5985223054885864]
[174.9867401123047]
[1.7752243280410767]
[8.508893966674805]
[4.571185111999512]
[1.6549142599105835]
[1.4870675802230835]
[34.0434684753418]
[24.129104614257812]
[44.875099182128906]
[20.77886390686035]
[24.541088104248047]
[2079.253662109375]
[14.481147766113281]
[4.6208086013793945]
[4.021605968475342]
[31.003063201904297]
[2.6603081226348877]
[5.180574417114258]
[5.028687000274658]
[3.530520439147949]
[454.5220642089844]
[1013.267822265625]
[52.253013610839844]
[16.850122451782227]
[2.429600477218628]
[2.2542247772216797]
[2.1084096431732178]
[2.068387508392334]
[29.6628475189209]
[9.962967872619629]
[210.4730224609375]
[114.22882843017578]
[1.7027589082717896]
[71.6594467163086]
[5.091739654541016]
[13189.4853515625]
[53.28226089477539]
[19.498371124267578]
[1.7251613140106201]
[5.028802394866943]
[684.0381469726562]
[848.797119140625]
[12.086387634277344]
[22.743087768554688]
[1.7216606140136719]
[17.2293758392334]
[1.8148269653320312]
[1.7799735069274902]
[3.6255102157592773]
[68.70569610595703]
[2.933786630630493]
[6.503232002258301]
[3.4509201049804688]
[16.7668514251709]
[4649.6875]
[4641.23828125]
[9.125264167785645]
[2.299619197845459]
[23.610300064086914]
[12.080056190490723]
[2.1826491355895996]
[14.708374977111816]
[2.677380084991455]
[17.860210418701172]
[61.37260818481445]
[2.9288599491119385]
[4.641485691070557]
[4732.6044921875]
[7.230983734130859]
[5.134700775146484]
[43.77757263183594]
[12.982614517211914]
[5.280466079711914]
[14.512001037597656]
[35.30049514770508]
[3.8956618309020996]
[273.1386413574219]
[10.276206016540527]
[3.8762693405151367]
[10.4419584274292]
[4.075450897216797]
[3.951005458831787]
[3.7496836185455322]
[356.6671447753906]
[2.164767265319824]
[34.922672271728516]
[2.3074376583099365]
[115.73371124267578]
[3.2013328075408936]
[2.182377576828003]
[1.8862850666046143]
[2.9240453243255615]
[4.921787261962891]
[2.6154603958129883]
[2710.15966796875]
[13.423349380493164]
[53.24871063232422]
[2.2166213989257812]
[2.2082293033599854]
[4.479381561279297]
[101.55560302734375]
[480.1741943359375]
[134.9467315673828]
[2.180818796157837]
[3.813349723815918]
[162.45037841796875]
[50.97841262817383]
[2.232877492904663]
[11.15698528289795]
[2.7021660804748535]
[2.2213997840881348]
[14.557499885559082]
[4.923005104064941]
[4.505250930786133]
[17.47332763671875]
[2.1782777309417725]
[25.705604553222656]
[2.1357767581939697]
[4.099236488342285]
[2.1313202381134033]
[2.1215429306030273]
[10.834748268127441]
[4.084157943725586]
[8.650540351867676]
[3.8041765689849854]
[6.291052341461182]
[2.0636560916900635]
[16.25115203857422]
[3.6782052516937256]
[3.8545827865600586]
[4.883575439453125]
[1.9843064546585083]
[11.620356559753418]
[3.6016998291015625]
[4.810902118682861]
[3.4256176948547363]
[17.135032653808594]
[6.837291240692139]
[4.621503829956055]
[24.407400131225586]
[266.9603271484375]
[42.42274856567383]
[1.9729477167129517]
[4.052781581878662]
[4.0095906257629395]
[41.49177551269531]
[834.662109375]
[3.7286269664764404]
[1.9958000183105469]
[63.84284591674805]
[2.054462194442749]
[2.5909316539764404]
[2.0272164344787598]
[1.7928351163864136]
[20.30834197998047]
[41.922080993652344]
[2.054480791091919]
[1.6843910217285156]
[1.9064565896987915]
[19.07115936279297]
[29.31002426147461]
[1.7586227655410767]
[2.341074228286743]
[64.92150115966797]
[1.8637452125549316]
[10.661481857299805]
[5.519309043884277]
[156.04791259765625]
[28.567323684692383]
[2.36666202545166]
[2.2230634689331055]
[43.02012634277344]
[2.2094228267669678]
[3.0857889652252197]
[12.091385841369629]
[1.648913860321045]
[810.394775390625]
[2.0603363513946533]
[9505.240234375]
[1.5253125429153442]
[105.5990219116211]
[16.932350158691406]
[1.406996488571167]
[53.5152702331543]
[1.6302554607391357]
[2.4677340984344482]
[98.97100830078125]
[22.459083557128906]
[1.9171675443649292]
[5.637372970581055]
[1300.79736328125]
[3.530684232711792]
[3.1737923622131348]
[293.8418273925781]
[27.633005142211914]
[42.49711990356445]
[40.151588439941406]
[3.7723848819732666]
[14.083837509155273]
[11.191388130187988]
[1.6665219068527222]
[3.788022994995117]
[1.7189079523086548]
[1.7382071018218994]
[10.873388290405273]
[1.745581865310669]
[319.4458312988281]
[33.649993896484375]
[203.0233154296875]
[12.986153602600098]
[1.5508759021759033]
[4103.5654296875]
[1.9985374212265015]
[42.204795837402344]
[110.13903045654297]
[2.476702928543091]
[5.877279758453369]
[2.7064156532287598]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[7.907435417175293]
[9.670917510986328]
[22.075725555419922]
[4.65471076965332]
[3.1173698902130127]
[14.504817962646484]
[3.1170654296875]
[9.935297012329102]
[131.98858642578125]
[206.2244110107422]
[9.096314430236816]
[206.98269653320312]
[3.7947113513946533]
[6.644341468811035]
[6.161725044250488]
[2.197638988494873]
[32.80324935913086]
[7.444676399230957]
[2.0235493183135986]
[1.9358941316604614]
[4271.119140625]
[2.829704523086548]
[5.9753618240356445]
[82.59426879882812]
[855.4282836914062]
[1.834956169128418]
[40.959564208984375]
[4.39814567565918]
[60.09453201293945]
[189.6434326171875]
[2.587043046951294]
[1.9618442058563232]
[4.738758087158203]
[4.604280948638916]
[8.19327163696289]
[5.685601711273193]
[5.722265243530273]
[3.5874173641204834]
[16.964744567871094]
[2.0268301963806152]
[1.2996424436569214]
[20.05722427368164]
[3507.31884765625]
[125.81649780273438]
[2.562232732772827]
[6.180701732635498]
[2.727928876876831]
[724.2039794921875]
[7.450068950653076]
[17.607881546020508]
[7.66047477722168]
[5.868953227996826]
[2633.294921875]
[3.6194887161254883]
[58.0161247253418]
[1.9292709827423096]
[79.11774444580078]
[97.973876953125]
[3.397634983062744]
[7.666584491729736]
[3.55142879486084]
[16.435882568359375]
[79.46227264404297]
[54.9000129699707]
[10.623756408691406]
[80.3715591430664]
[30.455116271972656]
[3.5908701419830322]
[3.6136484146118164]
[4.553542613983154]
[66.63473510742188]
[9.206657409667969]
[2.989893913269043]
[88.27611541748047]
[67.23916625976562]
[1.8920825719833374]
[2.032341718673706]
[3248.078857421875]
[8.609338760375977]
[1.885668158531189]
[9.963346481323242]
[11.275630950927734]
[1.9026544094085693]
[13.289251327514648]
[21.459423065185547]
[3.743542194366455]
[81.6656265258789]
[206.56349182128906]
[2.101860284805298]
[5.9764533042907715]
[6.4043498039245605]
[1.8580636978149414]
[484.973388671875]
[479.42510986328125]
[13.90379524230957]
[241.5299835205078]
[9.94932746887207]
[2.2311949729919434]
[14.321196556091309]
[5.866566181182861]
[115.27090454101562]
[2.013195514678955]
[4.18379020690918]
[2.0304672718048096]
[11.657674789428711]
[78.73282623291016]
[2.0869028568267822]
[1.9990143775939941]
[3.0813028812408447]
[8.40124797821045]
[1.7462141513824463]
[8.562761306762695]
[1.9697624444961548]
[1.931716799736023]
[44.976985931396484]
[1.7511265277862549]
[105.58349609375]
[4.859264373779297]
[1.894561767578125]
[7416.08984375]
[229.18341064453125]
[2.4778547286987305]
[2.350466012954712]
[25.818565368652344]
[1.9051635265350342]
[3.637455463409424]
[1.8387556076049805]
[3.4340198040008545]
[1.9720875024795532]
[33.3884162902832]
[8.670365333557129]
[1.9766165018081665]
[23.236177444458008]
[3.0221219062805176]
[2.319122552871704]
[20.515525817871094]
[1.7447237968444824]
[2.1759862899780273]
[1.4410780668258667]
[1.4395068883895874]
[6.487006187438965]
[2.1776111125946045]
[8.990752220153809]
[2.213545799255371]
[22.096397399902344]
[1.4588602781295776]
[5.142374038696289]
[137.88104248046875]
[2.086223840713501]
[5.099612236022949]
[2.3538291454315186]
[194.8846435546875]
[2.5298571586608887]
[5.723380088806152]
[1.2378088235855103]
[1.7876434326171875]
[1.8039990663528442]
[1.7634466886520386]
[84.91584014892578]
[2.714885950088501]
[58.89875030517578]
[17.574527740478516]
[5.059491157531738]
[24.888628005981445]
[21.631793975830078]
[1.6475998163223267]
[40.9193000793457]
[3.968296766281128]
[7323.689453125]
[3.0659241676330566]
[20.381086349487305]
[6.7669291496276855]
[4.106033802032471]
[4.06652307510376]
[3.330190658569336]
[3.4023172855377197]
[3.816394090652466]
[3.808204412460327]
[3.0942397117614746]
[115.14427947998047]
[5.257745265960693]
[11.033267974853516]
[2.910074234008789]
[2.8338003158569336]
[245.74630737304688]
[107.78138732910156]
[2.586948871612549]
[3.5121712684631348]
[4835.623046875]
[10.998623847961426]
[3.1204230785369873]
[252.9233856201172]
[42.410850524902344]
[2.139709234237671]
[1.7105307579040527]
[3.0738730430603027]
[2.115649461746216]
[15.015911102294922]
[2100.9140625]
[2.168924570083618]
[3.842858076095581]
[4.709788799285889]
[3.5982260704040527]
[2.538031816482544]
[20.413976669311523]
[3.9244396686553955]
[62.58574676513672]
[4.1376872062683105]
[171.27142333984375]
[3724.969970703125]
[24.336118698120117]
[15.92072868347168]
[3.8295984268188477]
[2.3596043586730957]
[2.2591781616210938]
[3.2223267555236816]
[2.1343178749084473]
[4.212848663330078]
[376.0640563964844]
[3.0786244869232178]
[3.0339834690093994]
[1.918931245803833]
[23.628076553344727]
[1.8433789014816284]
[9.375040054321289]
[62.354854583740234]
[14.452864646911621]
[11.471858024597168]
[38.506900787353516]
[46.622379302978516]
[3.5344300270080566]
[46.37587356567383]
[1.3377203941345215]
[3.2991440296173096]
[2.754857063293457]
[3297.87255859375]
[2.8577115535736084]
[39.813209533691406]
[1.7332890033721924]
[1.8002499341964722]
[58.08060073852539]
[14.59549331665039]
[1.9292982816696167]
[16.743032455444336]
[3.345071792602539]
[86.95564270019531]
[39.90411376953125]
[2.2846875190734863]
[2.3233132362365723]
[2.243389368057251]
[11.031085968017578]
[2.2918667793273926]
[7.440978527069092]
[19.956439971923828]
[2.3125176429748535]
[213.48721313476562]
[6.313597202301025]
[2.327775001525879]
[2.1422903537750244]
[2.372485399246216]
[65.84619903564453]
[2.315483331680298]
[3.954549789428711]
[1.6557083129882812]
[20.25962257385254]
[4.532598495483398]
[8.241116523742676]
[5.007633686065674]
[1.4297927618026733]
[5.110830783843994]
[10.399405479431152]
[112.82317352294922]
[3.917393445968628]
[3.874088764190674]
[1.576663613319397]
[469.5010070800781]
[26.021108627319336]
[187.84425354003906]
[11.223525047302246]
[184.72390747070312]
[2.6004652976989746]
[48.5309944152832]
[54.83311080932617]
[7.819082736968994]
[1.729584813117981]
[57.21635437011719]
[1.443387508392334]
[12.361174583435059]
[1.9058972597122192]
[2.007744550704956]
[24.64679718017578]
[533.5635375976562]
[3.317337989807129]
[1.746247410774231]
[1.7080856561660767]
[113.64321899414062]
[6.119159698486328]
[3.8915700912475586]
[9.441617965698242]
[19.3560848236084]
[1.8619637489318848]
[1707.194580078125]
[2.1321020126342773]
[19.607881546020508]
[1.5906767845153809]
[861.9346923828125]
[6.507291793823242]
[4.090782642364502]
[6.170291900634766]
[2.039299726486206]
[2.5813722610473633]
[3401.327392578125]
[2.0648810863494873]
[11.45335578918457]
[4.221626281738281]
[15.28589153289795]
[617.7501831054688]
[3.758951187133789]
[2.0873770713806152]
[2.0881688594818115]
[5.927116870880127]
[44.23941421508789]
[1.698533296585083]
[1.5428016185760498]
[1.6376752853393555]
[3286.138671875]
[1620.7857666015625]
[2.157594919204712]
[33.446529388427734]
[2.6720218658447266]
[8.742923736572266]
[8.826327323913574]
[74.50658416748047]
[1.7432396411895752]
[1.7286344766616821]
[2961.144287109375]
[3.298241376876831]
[1.7457515001296997]
[1.4430360794067383]
[5.552642345428467]
[5.7935357093811035]
[1.9880845546722412]
[4.9900054931640625]
[3.2473502159118652]
[7.1521172523498535]
[8.613149642944336]
[1.858400583267212]
[13.443567276000977]
[2.052086114883423]
[2.9510979652404785]
[1.7325260639190674]
[2.0591039657592773]
[3511.531982421875]
[1.759702205657959]
[38.187618255615234]
[40.03419494628906]
[506.04425048828125]
[40.14633560180664]
[2.7261550426483154]
[1.290739893913269]
[20.52536392211914]
[1.4602093696594238]
[2.6029834747314453]
[8166.4736328125]
[79.9833755493164]
[218.46304321289062]
[1.5342774391174316]
[2.7748467922210693]
[16.343637466430664]
[31.378904342651367]
[11.537239074707031]
[5.229444980621338]
[5.0114545822143555]
[5.3955206871032715]
[122.07441711425781]
[30.065509796142578]
[10.465346336364746]
[5.198243618011475]
[1.5853245258331299]
[37.53281021118164]
[3.580949068069458]
[11.047393798828125]
[193.81129455566406]
[46.98683166503906]
[1.7558588981628418]
[30.65738296508789]
[2.447854995727539]
[1.7266192436218262]
[100.3759765625]
[272.7268981933594]
[3.8948452472686768]
[14.867040634155273]
[4.889419078826904]
[23.65631103515625]
[113.37433624267578]
[2.281998872756958]
[105.2059097290039]
[584.1463012695312]
[102.21358489990234]
[7.349491596221924]
[24.158802032470703]
[42.7711181640625]
[787.546875]
[1.6245779991149902]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[10.875030517578125]
[2.763181686401367]
[2.8814361095428467]
[1.3150932788848877]
[2307.6923828125]
[1.3548301458358765]
[68.09131622314453]
[1.677622675895691]
[1.5885052680969238]
[15.17617416381836]
[519.2631225585938]
[4.145931243896484]
[45.587764739990234]
[40.148841857910156]
[7.420227527618408]
[3.9007065296173096]
[2.2556259632110596]
[1.7080460786819458]
[538.3794555664062]
[2.9579315185546875]
[10.633406639099121]
[6.644432544708252]
[3.483729362487793]
[34.208988189697266]
[1.5066946744918823]
[1.236384630203247]
[63.0469970703125]
[29.02814483642578]
[360.2487487792969]
[2.58164119720459]
[1.2186378240585327]
[62.26520919799805]
[3.6718838214874268]
[1.4393047094345093]
[74.16561889648438]
[1.4358776807785034]
[38.85557556152344]
[1.406895637512207]
[1.4292969703674316]
[2706.15283203125]
[39.082393646240234]
[345.1356201171875]
[1.362806797027588]
[37.63300704956055]
[1.1595999002456665]
[3.8312313556671143]
[75.77619171142578]
[1.355604648590088]
[8.84628677368164]
[1.1624398231506348]
[3.3056859970092773]
[66.05328369140625]
[1.2830487489700317]
[81.818115234375]
[3.131638765335083]
[2.3501617908477783]
[2.4186034202575684]
[2.9668657779693604]
[65.83045959472656]
[1.3061813116073608]
[18.028911590576172]
[5.715295314788818]
[2.322157859802246]
[1011.1107177734375]
[21.878572463989258]
[53.16517639160156]
[34.395877838134766]
[1.3402808904647827]
[342.0260009765625]
[1.4011924266815186]
[11.127885818481445]
[5.646273136138916]
[2150.651123046875]
[5951.65869140625]
[2.308711051940918]
[1.3463248014450073]
[3531.792236328125]
[2043.178466796875]
[3.1899068355560303]
[2.752073287963867]
[244.61720275878906]
[28.539155960083008]
[1.3367711305618286]
[2.5902938842773438]
[2.6038424968719482]
[33.676246643066406]
[1.2260667085647583]
[1.5539683103561401]
[131.88133239746094]
[5.9773383140563965]
[1.5360528230667114]
[3.145658016204834]
[1802.0028076171875]
[15.909675598144531]
[13.132889747619629]
[1.6117565631866455]
[71.53421783447266]
[2.4801383018493652]
[2.8196516036987305]
[21.27261734008789]
[1.8913755416870117]
[105.3783187866211]
[1.3687965869903564]
[12.528050422668457]
[11.275740623474121]
[1.8676565885543823]
[88.32798767089844]
[1.701052188873291]
[181.5894775390625]
[3.86696720123291]
[1.7649281024932861]
[3.4783780574798584]
[118.9787826538086]
[1.705273151397705]
[417.0008544921875]
[3126.2763671875]
[26.60491180419922]
[16.233844757080078]
[2.5797905921936035]
[24.943153381347656]
[11.321623802185059]
[2.0544776916503906]
[1.213787317276001]
[619.1986083984375]
[3.8356573581695557]
[22.084217071533203]
[43.61268997192383]
[1.8526530265808105]
[458.2694396972656]
[12.101337432861328]
[73.81775665283203]
[4.325892448425293]
[100.5983657836914]
[11.698591232299805]
[378.94708251953125]
[2.1013317108154297]
[39.76713943481445]
[1.8331298828125]
[3.3904802799224854]
[780.6524047851562]
[439.0670166015625]
[1.441508173942566]
[8.469900131225586]
[10.788226127624512]
[3.299492835998535]
[1.8449957370758057]
[1.9772865772247314]
[2.1924662590026855]
[2.9838407039642334]
[58.382118225097656]
[3.1607532501220703]
[18.91039276123047]
[2.5288429260253906]
[2.585947275161743]
[2.9836959838867188]
[8.438386917114258]
[2.173555850982666]
[3.154919147491455]
[3.1186230182647705]
[4.101130485534668]
[3.132850408554077]
[7.652349948883057]
[6.419688701629639]
[2.166400194168091]
[3.0443127155303955]
[61.0233039855957]
[2.8346338272094727]
[21.146108627319336]
[6.579525947570801]
[14.05453872680664]
[2.7344815731048584]
[2.4716734886169434]
[42.788597106933594]
[1.6690592765808105]
[2.545788049697876]
[51.855228424072266]
[2.0573673248291016]
[1.9766876697540283]
[1.5437452793121338]
[2.786578893661499]
[148.5561065673828]
[41.430938720703125]
[2.2427518367767334]
[28.255151748657227]
[1.6786152124404907]
[13.038792610168457]
[3.310854196548462]
[62.92897415161133]
[15.818560600280762]
[3069.378662109375]
[4.676862716674805]
[2.8594772815704346]
[9.565420150756836]
[9.742746353149414]
[316.80096435546875]
[105.88040161132812]
[130.76731872558594]
[564.7221069335938]
[1.407989501953125]
[1.4659602642059326]
[2.4789366722106934]
[8.824019432067871]
[491.5384826660156]
[5.605076313018799]
[4.245797634124756]
[3.649247407913208]
[1.4183948040008545]
[23.1876220703125]
[3.5681536197662354]
[5.270616054534912]
[3.828489303588867]
[1.793971061706543]
[1620.8939208984375]
[3.641791582107544]
[70.07228088378906]
[6.73591423034668]
[856.2075805664062]
[1.5334234237670898]
[4.589221954345703]
[48.89720153808594]
[302.9873352050781]
[49.943599700927734]
[7.4966206550598145]
[1.8791052103042603]
[63.89997863769531]
[3.3967559337615967]
[2.0136091709136963]
[22.018007278442383]
[6.612720966339111]
[2438.62744140625]
[71.80433654785156]
[2598.72509765625]
[2037.743408203125]
[3.3128912448883057]
[4.312376022338867]
[2.875903367996216]
[2.74456787109375]
[39.15011978149414]
[13.16439437866211]
[9.021988868713379]
[1.6686009168624878]
[4.515254497528076]
[3.0534255504608154]
[4.912563323974609]
[80.33631134033203]
[1.8960938453674316]
[3.9863593578338623]
[15.622936248779297]
[36.97834014892578]
[1.895400047302246]
[18.845565795898438]
[7.46388053894043]
[3.4712884426116943]
[64.74825286865234]
[1.6085591316223145]
[1.5714471340179443]
[4.27488899230957]
[4.478507995605469]
[3.6455729007720947]
[1.861626386642456]
[1230.49951171875]
[3.1150729656219482]
[3.224055528640747]
[18.36374855041504]
[6.684703826904297]
[2.751066207885742]
[811.039794921875]
[2.338843584060669]
[1.8906996250152588]
[30.07630157470703]
[3.673830986022949]
[12.153812408447266]
[158.92681884765625]
[6.208574295043945]
[3.8889424800872803]
[3.0704872608184814]
[23.586441040039062]
[1.8111426830291748]
[1.8079701662063599]
[25.38955307006836]
[14.64971923828125]
[47.17763137817383]
[19.567733764648438]
[2.3102192878723145]
[10.971831321716309]
[26.266714096069336]
[8.338005065917969]
[7.080781936645508]
[130.32705688476562]
[1.628950834274292]
[2.5560946464538574]
[1.3071441650390625]
[1.6365253925323486]
[13.825718879699707]
[129.0518035888672]
[49.810462951660156]
[4.607614517211914]
[1.5770012140274048]
[7.726431846618652]
[5.014690399169922]
[424.2938537597656]
[3.637963056564331]
[742.26953125]
[1.5408841371536255]
[4.049610614776611]
[11.735469818115234]
[31.231462478637695]
[21.821388244628906]
[315.11517333984375]
[1.8762305974960327]
[2.053027629852295]
[3.0998952388763428]
[2.086003303527832]
[19.86386489868164]
[2.2703020572662354]
[89.83727264404297]
[1.8213157653808594]
[1.7637925148010254]
[5.625435829162598]
[24.163217544555664]
[2.7176787853240967]
[38.80998229980469]
[11.86351203918457]
[9.886110305786133]
[0.9164791703224182]
[55.83663558959961]
[1.7021551132202148]
[81.8822250366211]
[3.5071215629577637]
[1.858656644821167]
[1.610830545425415]
[12.512887954711914]
[2.9716360569000244]
[35.417686462402344]
[1.8027122020721436]
[4.638372898101807]
[11.064541816711426]
[1.7670702934265137]
[9.443675994873047]
[7.092016220092773]
[283.81671142578125]
[9.521961212158203]
[17.82086944580078]
[5.652044296264648]
[1.3601514101028442]
[1.3470582962036133]
[0.6684869527816772]
[174.38107299804688]
[1.355603814125061]
[1.4368197917938232]
[1.5487442016601562]
[32.616737365722656]
[3.0304975509643555]
[5.228358268737793]
[32.240936279296875]
[1.5148440599441528]
[6.412412643432617]
[32.619361877441406]
[2.3166298866271973]
[2.951310634613037]
[1.4942713975906372]
[31.727048873901367]
[26.778423309326172]
[23.110143661499023]
[16.302734375]
[19.551591873168945]
[3.6233344078063965]
[3.3431732654571533]
[8.953341484069824]
[48.3446159362793]
[1.227470874786377]
[3.4342408180236816]
[1.4888588190078735]
[1.4760371446609497]
[3.086796760559082]
[490.55352783203125]
[2.972691535949707]
[2.620304822921753]
[1.2436505556106567]
[1.4730310440063477]
[1.4407533407211304]
[1.5431653261184692]
[1.666784644126892]
[4.622343063354492]
[99.63695526123047]
[6.225751876831055]
[1.177331566810608]
[1.5509530305862427]
[3.4140169620513916]
[1.2473130226135254]
[557.63671875]
[1.5407228469848633]
[1.4546575546264648]
[22.30847930908203]
[4.707808971405029]
[1.8896064758300781]
[3.4054436683654785]
[1.3037017583847046]
[5.019956588745117]
[9.950714111328125]
[80.08834075927734]
[1.5123521089553833]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.47929048538208]
[4.3993000984191895]
[6.414714813232422]
[79.27549743652344]
[9.20968246459961]
[7771.5869140625]
[3.4598402976989746]
[4.1838059425354]
[107.67273712158203]
[1.816135287284851]
[1.402583360671997]
[2.1745831966400146]
[56.0340461730957]
[3.239116907119751]
[3787.234375]
[23.17929458618164]
[1.330682396888733]
[26.46805191040039]
[2.0038042068481445]
[0.9924030900001526]
[388.54180908203125]
[2.111652374267578]
[3.9597928524017334]
[1.9374388456344604]
[1.6303257942199707]
[6.116159439086914]
[1.6566009521484375]
[1.8993982076644897]
[1.8759938478469849]
[137.00714111328125]
[42.554893493652344]
[2.524430990219116]
[1.7780832052230835]
[7.0164713859558105]
[36.28120422363281]
[3.021547794342041]
[16.39225959777832]
[7.992713451385498]
[2.905257225036621]
[31.250913619995117]
[2.674396276473999]
[680.2160034179688]
[1.2812414169311523]
[1.2905851602554321]
[9.451394081115723]
[2.967599391937256]
[49.939788818359375]
[4.820959568023682]
[6.789189338684082]
[64.515869140625]
[1.4407206773757935]
[1.4085471630096436]
[513.861572265625]
[1.3963106870651245]
[3.0031280517578125]
[1.6046420335769653]
[3.437462091445923]
[3.5198841094970703]
[34.245704650878906]
[81.43368530273438]
[2.5508172512054443]
[329.89715576171875]
[4874.64794921875]
[223.3292999267578]
[1.296919345855713]
[173.59877014160156]
[2.779273271560669]
[405.217041015625]
[19.600547790527344]
[1.5899114608764648]
[133.86849975585938]
[17.730243682861328]
[1.6700907945632935]
[4.002262592315674]
[37.56125259399414]
[204.60646057128906]
[1.7557075023651123]
[4.783548831939697]
[5.374223709106445]
[1.9835604429244995]
[3.3295857906341553]
[36.42936325073242]
[1.8192557096481323]
[3.217674493789673]
[9.914005279541016]
[856.3379516601562]
[4.051794052124023]
[4.865279674530029]
[1.6275213956832886]
[125.94308471679688]
[1.8217060565948486]
[1.8985066413879395]
[1.941249966621399]
[6.16555118560791]
[3.8992037773132324]
[2.8878796100616455]
[2.8380844593048096]
[12.29421615600586]
[1.5558351278305054]
[3.5172791481018066]
[34.75824737548828]
[2.54154109954834]
[10.603189468383789]
[1.6335471868515015]
[4.029468059539795]
[35.45314407348633]
[41.701072692871094]
[2.325913906097412]
[4.814906597137451]
[2.211390495300293]
[4.507586479187012]
[4.933180332183838]
[1.2779748439788818]
[11.025691986083984]
[1.708888053894043]
[1.9312421083450317]
[25.723102569580078]
[11.986934661865234]
[28.727285385131836]
[2.9085042476654053]
[1.568933129310608]
[39.6650390625]
[39.87611770629883]
[11.791217803955078]
[12.784462928771973]
[6.482585906982422]
[5.014874458312988]
[29.709827423095703]
[52.21922302246094]
[4.2352614402771]
[3.0739874839782715]
[4.7989397048950195]
[36.52532196044922]
[2.8028218746185303]
[3.8643198013305664]
[118.78191375732422]
[49.362213134765625]
[6.787403106689453]
[1.1949524879455566]
[2.374363660812378]
[1.2003366947174072]
[78.1119384765625]
[2.367537021636963]
[15.668891906738281]
[2.215285539627075]
[4.912232875823975]
[4.287441253662109]
[63.16774368286133]
[1.1522735357284546]
[1.291630506515503]
[1.9262304306030273]
[16.591394424438477]
[0.8302037119865417]
[1.9699375629425049]
[11.471809387207031]
[124.74522399902344]
[209.80343627929688]
[1.8175506591796875]
[1.134656548500061]
[3.2688817977905273]
[1.1596301794052124]
[1.1457488536834717]
[19.506175994873047]
[1.385677456855774]
[1469.302978515625]
[114.81216430664062]
[2.203559637069702]
[3.20383358001709]
[46.65129852294922]
[605.9483642578125]
[2695.7451171875]
[31.69195556640625]
[7.4338812828063965]
[1.0598698854446411]
[1.3663532733917236]
[2.8100507259368896]
[5.330463409423828]
[8.6843843460083]
[1.0968618392944336]
[2.7310144901275635]
[5.1092939376831055]
[3.7704546451568604]
[2.6962461471557617]
[30.313905715942383]
[5.569911479949951]
[1.4871580600738525]
[3.007068157196045]
[2.437894105911255]
[3.357407569885254]
[2.36934494972229]
[2.4509940147399902]
[1.5097194910049438]
[403.8690490722656]
[17.257705688476562]
[2785.73291015625]
[1.4119038581848145]
[2.9547829627990723]
[1.1353793144226074]
[2.2075629234313965]
[1.4445576667785645]
[378.4594421386719]
[1.554803729057312]
[29.81393814086914]
[120.89653015136719]
[2.955644130706787]
[44.70887756347656]
[1.0247772932052612]
[1.4371156692504883]
[62.60414505004883]
[5.978872299194336]
[2.4314606189727783]
[29.249975204467773]
[382.4447326660156]
[1.0063061714172363]
[1.4208157062530518]
[3.766737937927246]
[29.677749633789062]
[14.466706275939941]
[1.0604941844940186]
[20.3961238861084]
[10.152388572692871]
[9.017513275146484]
[1.108840823173523]
[5.897036075592041]
[1.3121037483215332]
[0.9794094562530518]
[9.8641939163208]
[2.197660446166992]
[1.4685087203979492]
[4.692129135131836]
[1.1904221773147583]
[1.166845440864563]
[8.367467880249023]
[2.2065041065216064]
[1.998583197593689]
[1.1250594854354858]
[32.3360710144043]
[7.6706061363220215]
[1.1163002252578735]
[2.7657809257507324]
[3.17465877532959]
[4.682553768157959]
[2.929013252258301]
[1.1003693342208862]
[25.657981872558594]
[1.106677532196045]
[2.696652889251709]
[1.5926622152328491]
[27.950624465942383]
[26.070388793945312]
[2.582627773284912]
[58.646392822265625]
[27.388063430786133]
[1.0811713933944702]
[91.80493927001953]
[7.299850940704346]
[1.1531178951263428]
[2.314688205718994]
[2.2069084644317627]
[253.0381622314453]
[1.9414401054382324]
[2.1350977420806885]
[0.7860572338104248]
[16.535911560058594]
[2366.808837890625]
[2.675534725189209]
[1.9414641857147217]
[2827.7705078125]
[10.55711555480957]
[12.557579040527344]
[1.0900049209594727]
[1.4416937828063965]
[13.937089920043945]
[37.60572814941406]
[5.333931922912598]
[2.7703542709350586]
[1.1047086715698242]
[1.7865339517593384]
[1.2443678379058838]
[5.081719398498535]
[1.5133624076843262]
[4.028327465057373]
[4.288084506988525]
[23.36261749267578]
[18.972742080688477]
[1.9093011617660522]
[1.8281117677688599]
[2.3137645721435547]
[1.8710284233093262]
[354.0169677734375]
[2.240333318710327]
[11.967057228088379]
[15.747140884399414]
[12.803655624389648]
[1.9950710535049438]
[165.60923767089844]
[0.8014164566993713]
[72.2695541381836]
[6.882467746734619]
[2.1151199340820312]
[2.6900417804718018]
[0.8392767310142517]
[17.7268123626709]
[49.399044036865234]
[18.845720291137695]
[2.479541778564453]
[57.99715805053711]
[9.702649116516113]
[3.9592220783233643]
[112.2351303100586]
[13.710628509521484]
[1.236585021018982]
[1.165594458580017]
[2819.38134765625]
[8.993917465209961]
[6.836575984954834]
[4.029958724975586]
[3.1787269115448]
[1.5276333093643188]
[1.843745231628418]
[44.58952713012695]
[1.5939724445343018]
[3.7966065406799316]
[1596.3291015625]
[2.5828375816345215]
[2.4396088123321533]
[6.003110408782959]
[52.465152740478516]
[24.03665542602539]
[2.1075360774993896]
[91.1136703491211]
[61.610130310058594]
[1.0477544069290161]
[1.9250860214233398]
[13.781449317932129]
[5.5527215003967285]
[125.47188568115234]
[1.4466966390609741]
[26.732276916503906]
[261.5502624511719]
[4.564438343048096]
[1.5012127161026]
[2.143509864807129]
[0.8158658742904663]
[10.68436050415039]
[1.4048705101013184]
[5.019418239593506]
[99.76223754882812]
[4.348936080932617]
[3.3982696533203125]
[3.9725513458251953]
[1.462589979171753]
[1.3594812154769897]
[2150.070556640625]
[4.517318248748779]
[1.4145928621292114]
[1322.9498291015625]
[37.581668853759766]
[1.1949750185012817]
[36.73094177246094]
[1.5955997705459595]
[22.506853103637695]
[1.6323418617248535]
[9.294841766357422]
[95.37738037109375]
[1.7545450925827026]
[1.7336208820343018]
[12.667855262756348]
[1.5082772970199585]
[12.910828590393066]
[27.160598754882812]
[56.575958251953125]
[9.503384590148926]
[4.486328601837158]
[9.030608177185059]
[1.5677406787872314]
[1.406816005706787]
[45.035118103027344]
[1.0655227899551392]
[1.5138896703720093]
[148.21409606933594]
[1.0941479206085205]
[2.050628900527954]
[1.6214922666549683]
[0.7943314909934998]
[127.95121002197266]
[1.5464404821395874]
[3.8063712120056152]
[26.90524673461914]
[1081.582763671875]
[25.729167938232422]
[2.3774681091308594]
[2.9825246334075928]
[24.88031005859375]
[10.682066917419434]
[0.9756106734275818]
[245.45132446289062]
[1.4445130825042725]
[1.5271296501159668]
[28.11865234375]
[0.9887409806251526]
[10.281085014343262]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.1221768856048584]
[2.575417995452881]
[2.5869300365448]
[9.37429428100586]
[1.3247722387313843]
[2.1530051231384277]
[24.876516342163086]
[1.5138115882873535]
[6.734279632568359]
[14.669014930725098]
[11.863486289978027]
[157.08766174316406]
[19.318937301635742]
[2.7791781425476074]
[2.614347219467163]
[1.4815325736999512]
[5.086133003234863]
[1.4589190483093262]
[2.405877113342285]
[73.12112426757812]
[6.211923599243164]
[0.903481125831604]
[42.927799224853516]
[302.1965026855469]
[4.420882701873779]
[1.1982433795928955]
[1.3839669227600098]
[439.92108154296875]
[10.193277359008789]
[14.87083625793457]
[1.174428105354309]
[1.32741117477417]
[92.77250671386719]
[4.959781646728516]
[4.426782608032227]
[1.4240078926086426]
[1.387680172920227]
[35.960655212402344]
[2.4041378498077393]
[1.4139083623886108]
[2.655449628829956]
[6.330007553100586]
[38.55116271972656]
[3.649219274520874]
[2.5406761169433594]
[1.7637393474578857]
[2837.6318359375]
[28.346328735351562]
[2.679520606994629]
[25.499534606933594]
[1.7341212034225464]
[5.535414218902588]
[1.5765893459320068]
[21.7759952545166]
[1.1574770212173462]
[97.4651870727539]
[2.5316271781921387]
[120.84185791015625]
[4.924652576446533]
[4.899634838104248]
[9.518088340759277]
[1.7028318643569946]
[10.95348834991455]
[17.123458862304688]
[5.050778388977051]
[7.687692642211914]
[16.685462951660156]
[2.3147974014282227]
[8.660811424255371]
[1.5796139240264893]
[1.6342698335647583]
[1920.0548095703125]
[1.9276336431503296]
[41.49956130981445]
[1.0699573755264282]
[16.91357421875]
[560.6672973632812]
[1.4626346826553345]
[103.03050994873047]
[0.762871265411377]
[8.006462097167969]
[26.642444610595703]
[1.5055614709854126]
[218.58216857910156]
[2.066514015197754]
[1.5855803489685059]
[1.5884534120559692]
[8.052024841308594]
[1.601662039756775]
[0.9830161929130554]
[502.6285095214844]
[1.6015260219573975]
[1.6243282556533813]
[41.4624137878418]
[1.6173357963562012]
[2.088738441467285]
[3.3653321266174316]
[31.589736938476562]
[22.798437118530273]
[5.364147186279297]
[1.4817895889282227]
[2.262773036956787]
[0.7742540240287781]
[2.263585090637207]
[51.37724304199219]
[1.4016796350479126]
[1.37361478805542]
[4.698446750640869]
[1.7698365449905396]
[18.34845542907715]
[0.8755068182945251]
[12.886493682861328]
[4.505458831787109]
[2.6960370540618896]
[39.920310974121094]
[13.0866117477417]
[1.2473690509796143]
[96.17607116699219]
[2.3050997257232666]
[4.550191879272461]
[0.7156917452812195]
[1.2365508079528809]
[2.2110066413879395]
[4.47573709487915]
[1.2060863971710205]
[1.1882944107055664]
[21.63422393798828]
[1.194300651550293]
[19.603469848632812]
[15.744889259338379]
[1.2318836450576782]
[1.1666603088378906]
[374.6501159667969]
[23.00836181640625]
[4.626922130584717]
[0.9360896944999695]
[93.86604309082031]
[6.8853678703308105]
[0.8887361884117126]
[2.9382174015045166]
[2.9726626873016357]
[1.456047534942627]
[7.827468395233154]
[4.942073822021484]
[1.525579810142517]
[1.1205456256866455]
[70.82963562011719]
[1.4135380983352661]
[94.11125946044922]
[1.4379006624221802]
[3.467379093170166]
[3.2100865840911865]
[5.4305195808410645]
[34.447566986083984]
[15.20227336883545]
[205.7034912109375]
[1.0962783098220825]
[6.617929458618164]
[18.50200080871582]
[7.510340690612793]
[1.053945779800415]
[4.91384744644165]
[2351.259765625]
[1.0889703035354614]
[33.620994567871094]
[1.3840835094451904]
[0.688737690448761]
[1.9991459846496582]
[4.087891101837158]
[0.8838049173355103]
[46.67240905761719]
[26.293561935424805]
[1.5980045795440674]
[3.8944220542907715]
[2.2134504318237305]
[4.103451251983643]
[49.1902961730957]
[1.3867014646530151]
[5.1540961265563965]
[1.4775831699371338]
[1.773176670074463]
[12.768710136413574]
[13.50100326538086]
[1.375187873840332]
[1.349259614944458]
[10.744725227355957]
[1.4145060777664185]
[3.0734550952911377]
[2.3749215602874756]
[3.1811611652374268]
[13.511430740356445]
[1.6321418285369873]
[16.649993896484375]
[6.879886627197266]
[35.96712875366211]
[17.803382873535156]
[123.13269805908203]
[1.4473795890808105]
[250.61412048339844]
[18.442886352539062]
[11.17052936553955]
[0.898780882358551]
[1.4332472085952759]
[0.8944177031517029]
[79.06584930419922]
[6.7623491287231445]
[0.937416136264801]
[0.9072604179382324]
[15.760960578918457]
[2.544877529144287]
[1.7190563678741455]
[63.609458923339844]
[1.649153232574463]
[15.352712631225586]
[2.313206434249878]
[1.8238379955291748]
[3.25117826461792]
[74.21212768554688]
[10.469178199768066]
[1.7421988248825073]
[3.9837210178375244]
[6.529846668243408]
[0.9431518316268921]
[130.82858276367188]
[1.253728985786438]
[1.8661842346191406]
[1.6353178024291992]
[0.9229128956794739]
[1.2784472703933716]
[69.74500274658203]
[0.9920340180397034]
[1.4219043254852295]
[1.4126101732254028]
[1.63568913936615]
[0.9496486186981201]
[8.507877349853516]
[6.413824558258057]
[119.69338989257812]
[1.7957056760787964]
[43.69379806518555]
[2.124199628829956]
[3.3397388458251953]
[1.403465747833252]
[24.93292236328125]
[25.576988220214844]
[0.665996253490448]
[7.725587368011475]
[4.78786563873291]
[1.8433068990707397]
[0.6582369208335876]
[1.0522233247756958]
[1.058229923248291]
[1.7663651704788208]
[3.1337668895721436]
[8.008833885192871]
[23.447702407836914]
[0.6783034801483154]
[1.0486012697219849]
[1.7441173791885376]
[282.0949401855469]
[0.964915931224823]
[3.170013427734375]
[23.386154174804688]
[33.4221076965332]
[4.405116558074951]
[2.7737722396850586]
[0.9245546460151672]
[5.4055280685424805]
[1.0742052793502808]
[2.4130241870880127]
[11.468709945678711]
[314.2900695800781]
[1.840430736541748]
[5.4192633628845215]
[15.205338478088379]
[1.71006178855896]
[20.609477996826172]
[1.1164778470993042]
[1.9386709928512573]
[3.8948419094085693]
[0.6298472881317139]
[4.595298767089844]
[49.1172981262207]
[1.4024269580841064]
[5.436361789703369]
[15.279827117919922]
[14.55638313293457]
[8.10291862487793]
[215.3018035888672]
[1.6702935695648193]
[1.0030800104141235]
[23.06106948852539]
[0.860914945602417]
[925.470458984375]
[108.29606628417969]
[1.0876327753067017]
[24.077171325683594]
[56.60652160644531]
[2.6165170669555664]
[12.047118186950684]
[43.0546875]
[44.4674186706543]
[2.1008167266845703]
[0.8402258157730103]
[19.803667068481445]
[1.2769196033477783]
[1.0669331550598145]
[8.008280754089355]
[350.8671569824219]
[1.2489354610443115]
[1.1711630821228027]
[1.162524700164795]
[169.63107299804688]
[1.8162221908569336]
[4.052687644958496]
[0.7356758713722229]
[4827.7919921875]
[1.7951420545578003]
[109.84123229980469]
[547.5234375]
[10.322247505187988]
[21.737354278564453]
[0.9910547733306885]
[1978.5919189453125]
[2.3116698265075684]
[2.6068320274353027]
[221.90557861328125]
[5.134661674499512]
[5.300215244293213]
[91.13681030273438]
[6.446328639984131]
[123.98790740966797]
[63.92946243286133]
[8.671180725097656]
[6.2900919914245605]
[6.607220649719238]
[7.894927978515625]
[93.35972595214844]
[4.022777557373047]
[5.636129379272461]
[16.945377349853516]
[6.414795398712158]
[4.693385601043701]
[3.694338321685791]
[6.097092151641846]
[1.7643150091171265]
[215.0357666015625]
[2.431046962738037]
[2.7778515815734863]
[2.114529609680176]
[0.945298433303833]
[92.57520294189453]
[0.7903379797935486]
[12.064844131469727]
[52.88079071044922]
[1.3802902698516846]
[10.954023361206055]
[2.409409999847412]
[1.7994599342346191]
[105.08793640136719]
[0.9615525007247925]
[3.291236639022827]
[8.266639709472656]
[11.139501571655273]
[1.7953468561172485]
[1372.446044921875]
[1.2034938335418701]
[19.0518798828125]
[37.22272872924805]
[6.881274223327637]
[29.232606887817383]
[2.262151002883911]
[3.721341609954834]
[62.26743698120117]
[8.936103820800781]
[7.3929572105407715]
[2.308767080307007]
[14.601886749267578]
[3629.12744140625]
[2.4966230392456055]
[3.3687942028045654]
[78.0517807006836]
[12.58149528503418]
[2.2900803089141846]
[185.26954650878906]
[228.2961883544922]
[1.782495141029358]
[5.873092174530029]
[5653.591796875]
[31.122629165649414]
[2.18912672996521]
[1.685335636138916]
[12.341750144958496]
[8.789388656616211]
[5.885600566864014]
[1.0578265190124512]
[12.238140106201172]
[1.612011432647705]
[45.71934509277344]
[5.7205657958984375]
[1.7545711994171143]
[3.9053537845611572]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[75.51589965820312]
[158.08895874023438]
[1.722021460533142]
[1.8617647886276245]
[0.6851839423179626]
[64.1606216430664]
[8.722721099853516]
[165.81707763671875]
[241.4152374267578]
[1.665450930595398]
[2.254434585571289]
[16.12165641784668]
[1.2835055589675903]
[6.869677543640137]
[7.334721565246582]
[26.57568359375]
[1.6208717823028564]
[1.6278475522994995]
[2.5122759342193604]
[25.58499526977539]
[6.9698805809021]
[2.7414515018463135]
[2.204716444015503]
[132.7724151611328]
[3.226789951324463]
[1.5194461345672607]
[1.4243309497833252]
[3099.760009765625]
[6.970376014709473]
[299.74530029296875]
[2.067378044128418]
[28.757251739501953]
[10.187579154968262]
[3.315732479095459]
[2.6270241737365723]
[46.29731750488281]
[2544.019775390625]
[2.679053544998169]
[105.16695404052734]
[10.913703918457031]
[2.077310085296631]
[4.1231913566589355]
[58.870941162109375]
[665.1602172851562]
[17.133874893188477]
[7.531489849090576]
[30.604536056518555]
[60.38577651977539]
[34.986671447753906]
[3.614013671875]
[3.2549889087677]
[2.936070442199707]
[1095.5042724609375]
[451.42889404296875]
[8.213995933532715]
[10.897889137268066]
[27.005430221557617]
[3.667943000793457]
[615.369140625]
[5.2592878341674805]
[1164.1270751953125]
[12.065251350402832]
[72.40904998779297]
[17.8629150390625]
[14.657696723937988]
[66.66317749023438]
[9.993409156799316]
[110.09385681152344]
[8.947111129760742]
[29.776697158813477]
[37.68522644042969]
[8.516255378723145]
[89.8603286743164]
[8.183250427246094]
[212.86167907714844]
[7.626791477203369]
[192.7512664794922]
[111.32058715820312]
[12.065398216247559]
[38.106483459472656]
[445.6357727050781]
[166.58160400390625]
[4.750520706176758]
[7.3574113845825195]
[3.979712724685669]
[239.8022918701172]
[4.042901992797852]
[115.23748779296875]
[1.5192375183105469]
[3.9791245460510254]
[3.6168558597564697]
[1.9587669372558594]
[1.9273370504379272]
[4.5838704109191895]
[3.2079918384552]
[8.189001083374023]
[2.0807061195373535]
[3.508604049682617]
[3.5820672512054443]
[22.168291091918945]
[10.478826522827148]
[2.997603416442871]
[22.706890106201172]
[22.593870162963867]
[3.258044719696045]
[6.313081741333008]
[16.230987548828125]
[84.85668182373047]
[3.915764570236206]
[3.9351401329040527]
[62.09941482543945]
[42.17873001098633]
[7.685663223266602]
[2.654085397720337]
[1219.9283447265625]
[5.210455894470215]
[118.08135986328125]
[11.452995300292969]
[2.2671711444854736]
[90.30322265625]
[33.11919021606445]
[1.850914478302002]
[19.146102905273438]
[3.5397982597351074]
[2.419825315475464]
[14.66059684753418]
[32.03489303588867]
[1.507481575012207]
[79.2589111328125]
[34.69274139404297]
[25.97789764404297]
[3.196892738342285]
[25.320898056030273]
[23.0279598236084]
[1801.8009033203125]
[158.2466278076172]
[107.10448455810547]
[82.0451431274414]
[1.6645078659057617]
[10.062925338745117]
[3.6206066608428955]
[1.202300786972046]
[95.0329360961914]
[22.097213745117188]
[75.54193115234375]
[2.1512672901153564]
[1.1525273323059082]
[1.5653915405273438]
[30.168664932250977]
[1.9490742683410645]
[2.174423933029175]
[2.542327404022217]
[9.726678848266602]
[1.1131987571716309]
[628.2464599609375]
[1.0911089181900024]
[12.4745512008667]
[20.661867141723633]
[1.3711330890655518]
[25.459943771362305]
[2.2067933082580566]
[3.834094762802124]
[3.1357975006103516]
[2.4791533946990967]
[2776.93603515625]
[7.246982574462891]
[7.895646572113037]
[85.95480346679688]
[5.592254638671875]
[45.76837921142578]
[229.67041015625]
[34.88383102416992]
[1.4114106893539429]
[1233.2451171875]
[1.7785274982452393]
[22.412485122680664]
[1.8164199590682983]
[2.7106897830963135]
[7.177252292633057]
[2.6064984798431396]
[2.3047287464141846]
[2.407637596130371]
[98.94882202148438]
[700.5772705078125]
[42.879615783691406]
[2.8022398948669434]
[11.461921691894531]
[139.95777893066406]
[2.028958797454834]
[54.54159164428711]
[1.7162328958511353]
[2.4405922889709473]
[1.9473341703414917]
[1.6191781759262085]
[1.6691579818725586]
[8.565467834472656]
[393.4536437988281]
[41.33245086669922]
[2.579974412918091]
[1.591477394104004]
[1.0803247690200806]
[7.557365894317627]
[1.074835181236267]
[39.60292053222656]
[2.5064494609832764]
[70.37117767333984]
[7.861319065093994]
[1.2941263914108276]
[9.226003646850586]
[1.06903076171875]
[3.549912214279175]
[1.9916815757751465]
[5.980316638946533]
[104.72527313232422]
[2.5912249088287354]
[1.1357096433639526]
[5.037700176239014]
[23.052324295043945]
[1.4972691535949707]
[2.044419050216675]
[2.935202121734619]
[1.5081422328948975]
[1.176124095916748]
[1.5293008089065552]
[2.7426445484161377]
[1.1488975286483765]
[0.9657080769538879]
[1.5755656957626343]
[1.5238966941833496]
[6.414890766143799]
[4.180424690246582]
[1.571448564529419]
[2.7625744342803955]
[26.256704330444336]
[1.478971242904663]
[2.374474287033081]
[25.031476974487305]
[8.582398414611816]
[3.7714409828186035]
[18.910669326782227]
[5.002690315246582]
[34.82093048095703]
[2.3029580116271973]
[1.1432852745056152]
[1.4110456705093384]
[1.1640039682388306]
[2.573557138442993]
[1.9861832857131958]
[2274.2958984375]
[28.23619842529297]
[2.0398812294006348]
[1.7619351148605347]
[80.32099151611328]
[7.531147003173828]
[1.2450729608535767]
[11.403355598449707]
[1.8030930757522583]
[339.8078918457031]
[6.330083847045898]
[17.821800231933594]
[38.53791427612305]
[0.6582371592521667]
[95.06787109375]
[0.8434193134307861]
[3.3783462047576904]
[1.0956740379333496]
[1.1061315536499023]
[0.903107225894928]
[0.8857529163360596]
[171.3190460205078]
[1.8477606773376465]
[1.0348002910614014]
[2.3771779537200928]
[5.760095119476318]
[0.9508013725280762]
[171.20997619628906]
[4.922617435455322]
[0.9334012866020203]
[0.8008818626403809]
[47.6679801940918]
[2.8889217376708984]
[4.68058443069458]
[4.1185688972473145]
[24.411256790161133]
[15.88753890991211]
[15.038830757141113]
[1.6125693321228027]
[31.928102493286133]
[12.561114311218262]
[85.72653198242188]
[2.5863802433013916]
[3.2487757205963135]
[1.5381560325622559]
[19.48540496826172]
[41.556854248046875]
[0.5713139176368713]
[6.867494583129883]
[1.7924270629882812]
[17.909242630004883]
[0.8879486322402954]
[0.8652288317680359]
[4.142749786376953]
[660.61328125]
[3.0609500408172607]
[18.804393768310547]
[0.961838960647583]
[2.419755458831787]
[1.3131072521209717]
[2.734919548034668]
[2.5339608192443848]
[2.483222723007202]
[0.9494136571884155]
[2.5545897483825684]
[0.9481465220451355]
[963.809814453125]
[1.1274725198745728]
[180.00262451171875]
[1.122243881225586]
[4.133118629455566]
[1.0678033828735352]
[12.039889335632324]
[1.4248230457305908]
[2.098616600036621]
[32.55961990356445]
[76.3401870727539]
[21.074604034423828]
[24.593088150024414]
[175.48501586914062]
[28.47336196899414]
[1.5379234552383423]
[1.2117799520492554]
[1.4308825731277466]
[33.728309631347656]
[8.40881633758545]
[1.2983349561691284]
[2.5348711013793945]
[1.1031476259231567]
[5.1740498542785645]
[2.427227735519409]
[2.191958427429199]
[6.241681098937988]
[1.1600536108016968]
[3.0986390113830566]
[1.1658517122268677]
[156.3155517578125]
[0.999601423740387]
[731.0120849609375]
[1.0078924894332886]
[17.0270938873291]
[0.9398601055145264]
[1.774572491645813]
[0.8943780660629272]
[335.1678771972656]
[5.477177619934082]
[0.8730932474136353]
[94.12238311767578]
[0.9103542566299438]
[0.777096688747406]
[24.069744110107422]
[3.5745251178741455]
[0.8603076934814453]
[35.542442321777344]
[6.028302192687988]
[2.468048095703125]
[3.134537696838379]
[6.44723653793335]
[1.5022488832473755]
[1886.622802734375]
[3.447770118713379]
[1.9919129610061646]
[2.596580743789673]
[31.866392135620117]
[1.2217936515808105]
[0.7523725628852844]
[3.7555739879608154]
[23.072404861450195]
[18.821956634521484]
[1.4575278759002686]
[29.017471313476562]
[17.787425994873047]
[0.5018333196640015]
[0.6732046604156494]
[8.470724105834961]
[17.0130558013916]
[3.915937900543213]
[5.846779823303223]
[2.082958698272705]
[1.1970415115356445]
[212.67625427246094]
[1.7525854110717773]
[17.00836753845215]
[1597.985107421875]
[73.88286590576172]
[2.075349807739258]
[24.464963912963867]
[0.5087592601776123]
[11.7491455078125]
[2.2415900230407715]
[4.5655837059021]
[1.09736168384552]
[5.51640510559082]
[71.38666534423828]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.4828779697418213]
[13.561723709106445]
[6.864030838012695]
[19.5889835357666]
[3.0510895252227783]
[2.426816463470459]
[3.312481641769409]
[18.28981590270996]
[25.287548065185547]
[24.645339965820312]
[1.182281494140625]
[10.188826560974121]
[2.8981268405914307]
[1.1280487775802612]
[1.1633328199386597]
[2.6462292671203613]
[1.0375477075576782]
[0.6698924899101257]
[19.342113494873047]
[1.1468790769577026]
[30.007139205932617]
[2.530884265899658]
[20.285192489624023]
[1.034883975982666]
[6.939093112945557]
[1441.992919921875]
[31.219993591308594]
[1.0281176567077637]
[0.9640200734138489]
[2.4544692039489746]
[15.141923904418945]
[17.173599243164062]
[53.622806549072266]
[0.9011105298995972]
[10.502856254577637]
[2.7957544326782227]
[1.3998010158538818]
[1.7732789516448975]
[0.6487544775009155]
[0.6278578042984009]
[1.2375149726867676]
[3.099747896194458]
[0.7298450469970703]
[10.310833930969238]
[1.7470710277557373]
[0.5085179209709167]
[0.8493204712867737]
[13.634339332580566]
[83.90514373779297]
[1.8857957124710083]
[1.6645097732543945]
[1.7451331615447998]
[310.7007141113281]
[1.1566811800003052]
[1.8475708961486816]
[7.155023097991943]
[0.7411338090896606]
[0.8656754493713379]
[3.045114517211914]
[1.4933685064315796]
[1.3108458518981934]
[0.7837830185890198]
[0.7891243696212769]
[2.058138132095337]
[0.8086650371551514]
[101.20661163330078]
[1.7632142305374146]
[3.0889205932617188]
[1.4805911779403687]
[6.316159248352051]
[2.0532708168029785]
[2692.244384765625]
[904.0608520507812]
[32.32792282104492]
[1.5954089164733887]
[0.8574889898300171]
[1.4110510349273682]
[87.99259948730469]
[5.218279838562012]
[138.26072692871094]
[87.14844512939453]
[0.7482882142066956]
[7.9893107414245605]
[3.5287396907806396]
[155.00965881347656]
[3.3779757022857666]
[0.7594427466392517]
[3.156345844268799]
[8.036624908447266]
[1.8917101621627808]
[0.7662361860275269]
[0.612224280834198]
[181.9858856201172]
[31.77727508544922]
[1.2959163188934326]
[0.6974256038665771]
[15.518970489501953]
[1.7863752841949463]
[0.6930454969406128]
[8.194883346557617]
[26.956571578979492]
[15.420863151550293]
[613.8236694335938]
[0.7194134593009949]
[14.343815803527832]
[11.23501968383789]
[1855.5552978515625]
[14.343640327453613]
[7.492649078369141]
[9.588393211364746]
[1.2818882465362549]
[22.263687133789062]
[9.644946098327637]
[0.8851828575134277]
[30.606420516967773]
[8.725942611694336]
[2.6856863498687744]
[1.856900691986084]
[73.69805908203125]
[332.01531982421875]
[0.9305803775787354]
[1.441019892692566]
[38.086605072021484]
[394.6884765625]
[35.01494216918945]
[57.91026306152344]
[9.180931091308594]
[14.104633331298828]
[0.7521811127662659]
[182.58091735839844]
[14.38847541809082]
[1.9499679803848267]
[1.6696064472198486]
[0.6841647624969482]
[2.094277858734131]
[0.6909404993057251]
[1.3548898696899414]
[0.6922745704650879]
[14.801297187805176]
[1.6848480701446533]
[0.726254403591156]
[0.5340119004249573]
[8.119063377380371]
[3.9514071941375732]
[26.23519515991211]
[2.0366368293762207]
[1.6672008037567139]
[30.0367488861084]
[0.4370376169681549]
[12.326769828796387]
[5.996492385864258]
[160.802978515625]
[1.4128143787384033]
[16.110681533813477]
[1.8117456436157227]
[0.7349451184272766]
[3.1623165607452393]
[4.154134750366211]
[1.8282676935195923]
[58.71846008300781]
[5.503015518188477]
[1.3737164735794067]
[3946.17431640625]
[0.5949015021324158]
[1.701570987701416]
[3.1281321048736572]
[16.559186935424805]
[11.879796028137207]
[2.5619699954986572]
[0.8317663669586182]
[3.955683708190918]
[1.7980690002441406]
[2.0239391326904297]
[12.609644889831543]
[33.8108024597168]
[14.739558219909668]
[78.37405395507812]
[3660.0048828125]
[0.8504213690757751]
[0.5469145774841309]
[1.417283058166504]
[18.101551055908203]
[3.3609201908111572]
[330.1227722167969]
[18.50560760498047]
[1.1675587892532349]
[11.454998016357422]
[9.611821174621582]
[2.443537712097168]
[28.05630111694336]
[363.6571960449219]
[5.727896213531494]
[0.6775144934654236]
[1.8818960189819336]
[2826.778076171875]
[2391.3349609375]
[1.5031404495239258]
[43.6201057434082]
[21.650163650512695]
[0.8584993481636047]
[6.5366716384887695]
[57.420162200927734]
[19.605180740356445]
[24.979625701904297]
[52.11281204223633]
[18.00033187866211]
[2.2747013568878174]
[3.9272572994232178]
[2.044604778289795]
[105.96641540527344]
[9.605484962463379]
[13.1060791015625]
[1.2259416580200195]
[3.087749719619751]
[3.02931547164917]
[7.555035591125488]
[1.35176682472229]
[3.9303174018859863]
[0.7324987649917603]
[1.419736385345459]
[22.177833557128906]
[2.014784812927246]
[18.439651489257812]
[24.61150550842285]
[0.9781439304351807]
[10.220056533813477]
[106.61482238769531]
[72.76460266113281]
[306.91192626953125]
[1.099461317062378]
[11.373163223266602]
[0.8078594207763672]
[2079.461669921875]
[26.173973083496094]
[0.8051460385322571]
[1.0290566682815552]
[7.00020694732666]
[84.96154022216797]
[23.256065368652344]
[61.6842041015625]
[1.441239356994629]
[1.503434419631958]
[204.44650268554688]
[1.7171385288238525]
[17.722671508789062]
[7.013040065765381]
[0.921143114566803]
[90.64541625976562]
[6.943807601928711]
[0.5980808734893799]
[4.948181629180908]
[8.63701057434082]
[0.6906424164772034]
[564.6318359375]
[86.06721496582031]
[10.604070663452148]
[9.400970458984375]
[0.7770884037017822]
[26.997648239135742]
[2.071002244949341]
[1079.667724609375]
[18.032527923583984]
[175.8856201171875]
[1.8750842809677124]
[15.779095649719238]
[882.5880737304688]
[1.2308011054992676]
[2.2137837409973145]
[3.4184799194335938]
[10.137495994567871]
[37.64139938354492]
[21.642011642456055]
[7.716667652130127]
[23.296794891357422]
[1.200097918510437]
[2.4909403324127197]
[9.687919616699219]
[5.586688041687012]
[1.7513747215270996]
[353.08746337890625]
[78.60551452636719]
[0.8609451055526733]
[0.5140641927719116]
[0.7537259459495544]
[14.818929672241211]
[1.8817921876907349]
[8.121662139892578]
[13.642914772033691]
[1300.1630859375]
[54.421173095703125]
[4.5769219398498535]
[2.3531203269958496]
[2.445737600326538]
[8.182855606079102]
[32.222267150878906]
[1.9647455215454102]
[2750.60302734375]
[32.96953582763672]
[0.8585675954818726]
[6.633276462554932]
[2.399378538131714]
[5.4231791496276855]
[2.13075590133667]
[79.41944122314453]
[1.0154763460159302]
[0.7018373012542725]
[20.06427001953125]
[5.8572893142700195]
[14.872318267822266]
[3.1351840496063232]
[3.021090507507324]
[28.625558853149414]
[3.380603075027466]
[4.412755012512207]
[70.5147476196289]
[22.220304489135742]
[73.16047668457031]
[1.02183997631073]
[0.7805792093276978]
[1.1150320768356323]
[1.7543410062789917]
[159.58335876464844]
[1166.699951171875]
[29.441303253173828]
[8.020284652709961]
[17.067169189453125]
[8.086620330810547]
[1.2865885496139526]
[0.9835495948791504]
[5.582175254821777]
[6.456468105316162]
[526.1130981445312]
[0.9032938480377197]
[142.60137939453125]
[0.518744707107544]
[2.0725584030151367]
[1.4967477321624756]
[1.3054462671279907]
[9.209927558898926]
[6.277756214141846]
[6.437076568603516]
[893.6817016601562]
[1.2514138221740723]
[820.9449462890625]
[110.51453399658203]
[1.3030238151550293]
[0.6141858696937561]
[6.5685577392578125]
[312.6290588378906]
[1.702268123626709]
[0.7632350921630859]
[13.18002700805664]
[3.4889919757843018]
[29.98224449157715]
[9.644474029541016]
[13.61031723022461]
[0.7775158882141113]
[0.7723488807678223]
[1.473373293876648]
[1.4767123460769653]
[32.11622619628906]
[0.9468978643417358]
[1.7295814752578735]
[54.89041519165039]
[14.899310111999512]
[3.295177936553955]
[13.413931846618652]
[9.902230262756348]
[1.4104313850402832]
[1.3778375387191772]
[14.037222862243652]
[8.942821502685547]
[1.293938398361206]
[6613.349609375]
[19.85968589782715]
[0.5925840139389038]
[3.3422634601593018]
[4.8510565757751465]
[1.5047025680541992]
[3.4317431449890137]
[6.524929046630859]
[76.0058822631836]
[8.792852401733398]
[92.38218688964844]
[1.2410693168640137]
[1.3783575296401978]
[9.627971649169922]
[1.345655918121338]
[2.1540427207946777]
[3.8843092918395996]
[0.8010749816894531]
[0.9356210827827454]
[7.149301052093506]
[8.981197357177734]
[9.202349662780762]
[19.56336212158203]
[9.980630874633789]
[1.4218143224716187]
[1.3719350099563599]
[516.204833984375]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[14.231860160827637]
[0.8728169798851013]
[7.414644241333008]
[0.9996955394744873]
[0.9833788871765137]
[61.712554931640625]
[12.528168678283691]
[1.0931551456451416]
[1.450380802154541]
[3149.22509765625]
[0.9050000905990601]
[2575.065673828125]
[2.224522590637207]
[77.21297454833984]
[1.7230790853500366]
[0.8585262894630432]
[54.126216888427734]
[1.2739607095718384]
[1.5900421142578125]
[2.111257553100586]
[45.05210876464844]
[1845.7783203125]
[0.7918520569801331]
[1.8275575637817383]
[109.65980529785156]
[5.4955220222473145]
[70.90735626220703]
[0.8886327147483826]
[19.357383728027344]
[80.48802947998047]
[4.804315567016602]
[0.8252317309379578]
[2766.333740234375]
[1.2410598993301392]
[1.2416653633117676]
[9.488893508911133]
[1.129247784614563]
[13.824563026428223]
[1.1434708833694458]
[6.758726596832275]
[16.757774353027344]
[2.681048631668091]
[1.0259504318237305]
[1.3641101121902466]
[1.7366887331008911]
[2.0409088134765625]
[1.2983055114746094]
[0.48530498147010803]
[8.361568450927734]
[1.390734076499939]
[35.9901008605957]
[0.981158435344696]
[8.71139907836914]
[15.780038833618164]
[1.0914779901504517]
[0.942918062210083]
[1.0255682468414307]
[0.9168657064437866]
[200.72096252441406]
[32.552886962890625]
[5.582833290100098]
[0.9285585284233093]
[40.48052978515625]
[1.9162975549697876]
[6.065207004547119]
[2.5622522830963135]
[1.585669755935669]
[35.519474029541016]
[1.5237623453140259]
[0.7533350586891174]
[2208.523681640625]
[2.341787815093994]
[1.9697033166885376]
[223.6358184814453]
[20.54656410217285]
[4.129115104675293]
[61.44625473022461]
[0.8410521149635315]
[2.3928275108337402]
[1.7729605436325073]
[3.683009386062622]
[0.7781724333763123]
[6.514162540435791]
[16.672151565551758]
[18.573951721191406]
[17.022546768188477]
[3.9251067638397217]
[7.2019758224487305]
[1.2332321405410767]
[0.9554546475410461]
[1.3795143365859985]
[3.9334495067596436]
[102.64610290527344]
[12.981097221374512]
[0.8914539813995361]
[76.20032501220703]
[3.5242388248443604]
[1.6347966194152832]
[0.7678368091583252]
[2768.5615234375]
[1628.4576416015625]
[26.334121704101562]
[2.196958065032959]
[9.861767768859863]
[71.81971740722656]
[87.38550567626953]
[92.98147583007812]
[98.15953063964844]
[35.204261779785156]
[2.8776662349700928]
[3.796689987182617]
[5.306001663208008]
[43.993133544921875]
[738.1129150390625]
[242.08120727539062]
[4.041138172149658]
[14.01061725616455]
[4.674383163452148]
[4.527874946594238]
[442.6840515136719]
[6235.23486328125]
[3.500535249710083]
[32.503536224365234]
[6.926866054534912]
[12.223248481750488]
[66.26961517333984]
[1211.1524658203125]
[1.9168143272399902]
[1.0794801712036133]
[2.935798406600952]
[70.39434051513672]
[7.769350051879883]
[30.585407257080078]
[1.9277888536453247]
[7.1453986167907715]
[2421.78369140625]
[2.180389165878296]
[5.3919267654418945]
[1217.4873046875]
[1.2744837999343872]
[1.3802114725112915]
[4.767666816711426]
[1.200971245765686]
[1.1281667947769165]
[5.790025234222412]
[3.5101232528686523]
[26.28567123413086]
[3.095568895339966]
[0.8610771298408508]
[2.2798101902008057]
[34.81962966918945]
[1.4223617315292358]
[2.788731336593628]
[44.73477554321289]
[2141.809326171875]
[1.8938385248184204]
[0.5864682197570801]
[1.1410326957702637]
[83.35546875]
[1.247223138809204]
[5.2294769287109375]
[1.8446059226989746]
[1.7162803411483765]
[1338.1192626953125]
[944.0014038085938]
[2.088287830352783]
[3.084109306335449]
[11.095925331115723]
[8.509529113769531]
[4.917822360992432]
[3.9721503257751465]
[48.52934265136719]
[99.17948150634766]
[10.434772491455078]
[3.3929474353790283]
[3.83746337890625]
[10.034308433532715]
[18.766145706176758]
[4.570140838623047]
[10.770885467529297]
[9.536099433898926]
[2.0539493560791016]
[50.29788589477539]
[44.269493103027344]
[1.5083197355270386]
[2.2751224040985107]
[1.3324224948883057]
[1.5164140462875366]
[36.36567687988281]
[0.9136560559272766]
[1.1102544069290161]
[0.9675838351249695]
[0.855631947517395]
[1.4222978353500366]
[1.8441790342330933]
[1.1054683923721313]
[0.5849964022636414]
[55.43577575683594]
[0.6574463844299316]
[3.0831971168518066]
[1.0144668817520142]
[14.94091796875]
[9.126750946044922]
[0.9595157504081726]
[27.96893310546875]
[0.6278911828994751]
[0.6372568607330322]
[0.6157188415527344]
[9.099971771240234]
[3071.9677734375]
[339.9385681152344]
[2528.634765625]
[1.63161301612854]
[2.2810161113739014]
[20.681779861450195]
[1.758337378501892]
[3.7857141494750977]
[3.281903028488159]
[37.845245361328125]
[4.569948196411133]
[49.218597412109375]
[4.829675197601318]
[1346.6209716796875]
[224.38108825683594]
[91.92005920410156]
[4.338500499725342]
[278.15570068359375]
[22.57114028930664]
[3.7930498123168945]
[1.5361011028289795]
[3.3636114597320557]
[27.469446182250977]
[2.386693239212036]
[2.9612510204315186]
[3.7193007469177246]
[233.68295288085938]
[7.67080545425415]
[1082.791748046875]
[202.91969299316406]
[5.282294273376465]
[1.3533151149749756]
[3.4555535316467285]
[1.3256531953811646]
[0.8048126697540283]
[17.82423973083496]
[309.31201171875]
[0.7587541937828064]
[12.418160438537598]
[6.984312057495117]
[3.1841068267822266]
[6.173455715179443]
[0.4585791826248169]
[42.2567138671875]
[0.8894272446632385]
[0.9120001792907715]
[9.122515678405762]
[0.7550786733627319]
[1.5607151985168457]
[5.340326309204102]
[22.712797164916992]
[0.9776561856269836]
[9.372480392456055]
[0.7493356466293335]
[32.03113555908203]
[2.8697903156280518]
[405.0995178222656]
[0.5857059359550476]
[30.857215881347656]
[22.76715850830078]
[1.7603759765625]
[19.309558868408203]
[5.475128650665283]
[191.53773498535156]
[6.056576728820801]
[0.4572857916355133]
[2.5750246047973633]
[2.4542272090911865]
[0.7074225544929504]
[0.4538402855396271]
[0.6848466396331787]
[69.55821990966797]
[7.2853569984436035]
[0.4990050196647644]
[1.5606675148010254]
[68.1559829711914]
[0.6883386373519897]
[1.0183444023132324]
[2.0051920413970947]
[0.6888074278831482]
[0.6642080545425415]
[1.0498476028442383]
[0.6611586809158325]
[11.294329643249512]
[0.6887738108634949]
[0.6524094343185425]
[51.29814147949219]
[1.0234628915786743]
[27.426795959472656]
[0.9913370609283447]
[40.2692756652832]
[24.213726043701172]
[1.6843771934509277]
[1.9472750425338745]
[11.225440979003906]
[1.217198371887207]
[7.397922992706299]
[0.5853930711746216]
[0.5797897577285767]
[66.4856948852539]
[1.9068236351013184]
[1.3608039617538452]
[226.2408447265625]
[0.5619451999664307]
[122.35285186767578]
[1.0662633180618286]
[14.927894592285156]
[1229.91552734375]
[4.854104518890381]
[1402.6876220703125]
[4.604678153991699]
[4.596428871154785]
[17.554916381835938]
[4.152552604675293]
[12.151407241821289]
[1.81049382686615]
[0.5442255139350891]
[4.20301628112793]
[1.281154990196228]
[2.5453596115112305]
[1.0991283655166626]
[2.5049121379852295]
[36.93977355957031]
[3.4386048316955566]
[2.0042080879211426]
[29.692312240600586]
[1.2043217420578003]
[13.198787689208984]
[2.7845308780670166]
[1.025827407836914]
[4417.19580078125]
[7.135714530944824]
[21.395280838012695]
[0.6748529672622681]
[2.821693181991577]
[2.5494883060455322]
[0.6623333096504211]
[350.4560241699219]
[10.41324234008789]
[1.617368459701538]
[0.6088111400604248]
[15.184854507446289]
[1.6086688041687012]
[1.4412434101104736]
[157.40362548828125]
[4.464690685272217]
[1320.327392578125]
[9.657130241394043]
[0.5178658366203308]
[2819.599609375]
[1.0314514636993408]
[2.9470443725585938]
[471.8069152832031]
[0.7211533188819885]
[6.625436305999756]
[0.5707753300666809]
[30.972736358642578]
[0.46043410897254944]
[4.584285736083984]
[0.5798949003219604]
[6.439492225646973]
[51.63108444213867]
[0.5841031074523926]
[0.5828273296356201]
[7.642444610595703]
[0.5833308696746826]
[1.2009798288345337]
[12.197397232055664]
[2.8933756351470947]
[0.5670155882835388]
[133.57528686523438]
[70.91572570800781]
[0.6365124583244324]
[364.7914123535156]
[601.9385375976562]
[12.018346786499023]
[3.0148677825927734]
[12.161532402038574]
[0.6195511817932129]
[1391.8798828125]
[1.6665493249893188]
[5.876828670501709]
[1.7538317441940308]
[28.68488311767578]
[1.4734094142913818]
[1.6004894971847534]
[22.898487091064453]
[2233.56640625]
[1.00514554977417]
[0.9272302389144897]
[8.898347854614258]
[0.8758795261383057]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.044081687927246]
[12.264961242675781]
[387.3964538574219]
[36.81416702270508]
[1.3572803735733032]
[0.739739179611206]
[0.6068502068519592]
[5.690443515777588]
[0.6763035655021667]
[1.9381567239761353]
[1.1402478218078613]
[1.667543649673462]
[6.315309047698975]
[0.8877023458480835]
[0.9274999499320984]
[9.510631561279297]
[72.01921081542969]
[20.929044723510742]
[1.8673794269561768]
[0.7235825061798096]
[1.3941186666488647]
[2.837501287460327]
[34.0483512878418]
[1.3456920385360718]
[0.6972342729568481]
[1.3681689500808716]
[28.028566360473633]
[73.66404724121094]
[974.8716430664062]
[125.8846664428711]
[13.756836891174316]
[1.9280859231948853]
[8.617778778076172]
[210.0015411376953]
[0.9955804347991943]
[0.613040566444397]
[16.515113830566406]
[19.736530303955078]
[2.32413649559021]
[10.200628280639648]
[0.6366058588027954]
[6.132895469665527]
[8.0281343460083]
[15.189371109008789]
[8.410943984985352]
[0.4413994252681732]
[1.4711718559265137]
[9.450035095214844]
[0.5887860059738159]
[1.2423374652862549]
[1.6169418096542358]
[6.576362133026123]
[4.671728610992432]
[4.501801013946533]
[4.772319793701172]
[3.0998647212982178]
[0.5899990200996399]
[8.578859329223633]
[0.6303680539131165]
[30.12079620361328]
[1.116451382637024]
[0.6305515766143799]
[2.714812994003296]
[0.6162079572677612]
[3.0988030433654785]
[1.4280322790145874]
[4.426082611083984]
[6.491060733795166]
[2.917161464691162]
[2.470942497253418]
[1.3824505805969238]
[1.3687747716903687]
[39.87430191040039]
[1.6021136045455933]
[4.964320182800293]
[17.203184127807617]
[18.260826110839844]
[0.582830011844635]
[0.37622714042663574]
[0.5724644660949707]
[17.255334854125977]
[24.144081115722656]
[6.085206985473633]
[2.9698779582977295]
[1.1937363147735596]
[0.5115830302238464]
[3.834730863571167]
[0.5267614126205444]
[12.5924072265625]
[0.9578343033790588]
[2.199793815612793]
[6.4156413078308105]
[56.779541015625]
[0.5231416821479797]
[5.154489040374756]
[1.3174338340759277]
[125.4043197631836]
[0.5412622690200806]
[0.5098632574081421]
[3.5214812755584717]
[0.5355357527732849]
[15.0941801071167]
[7.711596488952637]
[2.5003037452697754]
[15.772290229797363]
[1631.033447265625]
[10.399713516235352]
[7.535391330718994]
[1.229262113571167]
[0.5748928189277649]
[1.2734465599060059]
[4.334412574768066]
[0.4966380000114441]
[58.7521858215332]
[1.0714093446731567]
[94.10120391845703]
[3.110978126525879]
[1.748602271080017]
[0.5046830177307129]
[0.5052651166915894]
[15.673691749572754]
[5.625427722930908]
[0.5700003504753113]
[25.26496124267578]
[0.9774621725082397]
[467.7210998535156]
[0.4926657974720001]
[0.5191187858581543]
[218.42523193359375]
[10.767949104309082]
[1.290956974029541]
[3.1190521717071533]
[262.17999267578125]
[0.6178954243659973]
[18.711986541748047]
[0.8192936182022095]
[12.513205528259277]
[1.7300026416778564]
[0.48822537064552307]
[111.10113525390625]
[2.610285997390747]
[24.30414390563965]
[0.4832058250904083]
[1.2694908380508423]
[1.0236512422561646]
[4.052967548370361]
[290.5435485839844]
[9.548952102661133]
[7.9521636962890625]
[2.7346911430358887]
[0.4919144809246063]
[9.652103424072266]
[1.1553313732147217]
[6.5744853019714355]
[1.7786964178085327]
[1.5193006992340088]
[8.280474662780762]
[1.3595597743988037]
[0.5039839744567871]
[13.560647010803223]
[0.9714338779449463]
[2.5128180980682373]
[8.386329650878906]
[24.536542892456055]
[0.4747451841831207]
[1.2327672243118286]
[11.599469184875488]
[0.577088475227356]
[0.4728415012359619]
[15.220220565795898]
[2.5449907779693604]
[1.4991360902786255]
[0.7174743413925171]
[1.2590304613113403]
[3.776747703552246]
[0.47127941250801086]
[0.5697619915008545]
[3.9545905590057373]
[0.45402440428733826]
[0.47220295667648315]
[12.14057731628418]
[0.8378704190254211]
[1.1506825685501099]
[0.9019975066184998]
[3.772446632385254]
[4.090724468231201]
[0.5506429076194763]
[150.4254608154297]
[5.832715034484863]
[0.5622621774673462]
[1.0552054643630981]
[8.203200340270996]
[5.710914134979248]
[5.844727039337158]
[5.8328399658203125]
[10.162776947021484]
[0.6209399700164795]
[3.202305555343628]
[1.0665441751480103]
[0.7606970071792603]
[5.5113091468811035]
[4.318437576293945]
[43.135555267333984]
[0.420691579580307]
[0.5047241449356079]
[9.434574127197266]
[28.397789001464844]
[202.18246459960938]
[0.8599581122398376]
[5.244714260101318]
[50.89388656616211]
[2.031392812728882]
[0.6606612205505371]
[1.4846065044403076]
[0.5666829943656921]
[1.9438079595565796]
[90.23308563232422]
[0.48033472895622253]
[9.006683349609375]
[0.45165252685546875]
[0.5609289407730103]
[4.156541347503662]
[18.462766647338867]
[1.6068737506866455]
[1.179905652999878]
[3.614640712738037]
[1.8992198705673218]
[0.4926023781299591]
[0.523296594619751]
[1.6831328868865967]
[2.994178056716919]
[826.110595703125]
[0.5293583869934082]
[1.2017793655395508]
[1.3918328285217285]
[35.516517639160156]
[1.1829514503479004]
[0.45848366618156433]
[14.2998685836792]
[5.3622636795043945]
[0.8606330156326294]
[5.702817440032959]
[79.48562622070312]
[7.504652500152588]
[0.38208693265914917]
[0.3875173330307007]
[1.0908740758895874]
[0.4049741327762604]
[0.4396524131298065]
[1.1672301292419434]
[0.8339939713478088]
[0.8043261766433716]
[4.451127052307129]
[22.113222122192383]
[3139.35498046875]
[0.4152441918849945]
[1.7596462965011597]
[0.45424023270606995]
[0.9328668117523193]
[6.848340034484863]
[2778.982177734375]
[16.076147079467773]
[0.4278150498867035]
[1.232639193534851]
[0.4232521951198578]
[0.4246312081813812]
[0.49827060103416443]
[6.077694892883301]
[1.4852176904678345]
[8.207120895385742]
[412.7652282714844]
[1.0347765684127808]
[124.35986328125]
[668.7792358398438]
[2.378061294555664]
[0.41601818799972534]
[1.031632661819458]
[0.8440791368484497]
[8.977361679077148]
[1.0757089853286743]
[2.0532572269439697]
[12.189687728881836]
[12.196105003356934]
[1.054723858833313]
[1.3115016222000122]
[0.5073906779289246]
[12.557509422302246]
[1.0459070205688477]
[4.094560623168945]
[0.4972028434276581]
[8.992170333862305]
[1.373995304107666]
[0.6251876950263977]
[0.48428109288215637]
[13.90922737121582]
[9.272378921508789]
[11.416996955871582]
[0.5908626317977905]
[4.086996555328369]
[0.4427269697189331]
[0.9150537252426147]
[4.642812728881836]
[0.4180229902267456]
[5.749029636383057]
[0.7477418780326843]
[15.448736190795898]
[3.371450185775757]
[5.032397270202637]
[9.600635528564453]
[3.9232137203216553]
[0.47692689299583435]
[0.6266467571258545]
[104.97628784179688]
[10.72089958190918]
[8.359942436218262]
[5.237060070037842]
[4.533875942230225]
[1.9278777837753296]
[3.0829017162323]
[30.328886032104492]
[2.7846741676330566]
[2.125762701034546]
[1.2578799724578857]
[89.5807113647461]
[3.7149274349212646]
[0.43301066756248474]
[5.489504814147949]
[7.579441547393799]
[31.34674644470215]
[24.601083755493164]
[1.0212348699569702]
[2.3283512592315674]
[440.678955078125]
[0.4558769166469574]
[1.981136679649353]
[0.6140872836112976]
[0.9593870639801025]
[1.6901695728302002]
[2.5605835914611816]
[1.2045015096664429]
[1.379683017730713]
[2.180626630783081]
[0.5850450992584229]
[2.4630701541900635]
[1.3593478202819824]
[5.569013595581055]
[5.107019901275635]
[22.335716247558594]
[1.2574312686920166]
[2575.33056640625]
[4.7615132331848145]
[0.45884788036346436]
[4.3299689292907715]
[4.537188529968262]
[2.5872561931610107]
[9.091285705566406]
[3.940312147140503]
[29.279804229736328]
[9.046096801757812]
[134.91976928710938]
[1.566023588180542]
[6.4451775550842285]
[2.7270376682281494]
[1.457922339439392]
[0.4769965708255768]
[0.4310166835784912]
[1.0027905702590942]
[0.5868011713027954]
[3.3809702396392822]
[7469.634765625]
[1.6377894878387451]
[3.6955552101135254]
[850.9634399414062]
[0.5833437442779541]
[1.8258411884307861]
[13.191020965576172]
[0.755014955997467]
[1.4020549058914185]
[12.755244255065918]
[2.270819664001465]
[3563.578857421875]
[1.2256563901901245]
[3.4687230587005615]
[36.32282638549805]
[1076.29248046875]
[3.993274211883545]
[2.2694690227508545]
[41.1885871887207]
[0.8357293605804443]
[104.1504898071289]
[1.0906903743743896]
[69.45130157470703]
[33.86553192138672]
[0.5202699899673462]
[5.0997114181518555]
[0.6361523270606995]
[1.1369547843933105]
[37.854034423828125]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[10.692238807678223]
[18.231849670410156]
[0.686471700668335]
[0.6879444718360901]
[5.0001139640808105]
[72.59313201904297]
[0.8709684610366821]
[503.6274108886719]
[0.38529083132743835]
[3.12532377243042]
[4.52593469619751]
[0.8994470238685608]
[1.9574775695800781]
[0.4709702730178833]
[11.021939277648926]
[0.9826931953430176]
[1.7682952880859375]
[1.7465380430221558]
[0.5381271839141846]
[13.394196510314941]
[0.568222165107727]
[0.5587962865829468]
[3.977052688598633]
[22.634672164916992]
[0.5578096508979797]
[66.4427261352539]
[2.1101772785186768]
[0.49906158447265625]
[1.6761834621429443]
[19.247940063476562]
[1.3801215887069702]
[16.966907501220703]
[0.9371495842933655]
[984.37548828125]
[5.117927074432373]
[4.325207233428955]
[36.43976974487305]
[328.7619934082031]
[0.6626560688018799]
[0.7635930776596069]
[0.760159432888031]
[8.805197715759277]
[1.0375059843063354]
[1.1220022439956665]
[3.661482810974121]
[1.0032806396484375]
[14.286031723022461]
[1.090966820716858]
[2.645841360092163]
[8.355327606201172]
[253.43406677246094]
[4.178548812866211]
[12.464349746704102]
[7.982127666473389]
[1.0313571691513062]
[1.0583363771438599]
[2.963726282119751]
[3.7863616943359375]
[5.480745792388916]
[1.2526028156280518]
[24.008413314819336]
[6.365365505218506]
[5.374536037445068]
[0.7197310924530029]
[1.3461865186691284]
[21.230331420898438]
[0.7514970302581787]
[0.6470521688461304]
[8.721673011779785]
[1.6727681159973145]
[1.5974589586257935]
[3.4627797603607178]
[0.5448929667472839]
[2.9513230323791504]
[1.5496912002563477]
[5.001039505004883]
[0.3729459047317505]
[1.3963807821273804]
[0.8819383978843689]
[3.4257307052612305]
[0.460016131401062]
[268.7554016113281]
[9.731563568115234]
[0.5070531964302063]
[0.4443177282810211]
[1.431424617767334]
[1.033713936805725]
[0.48748165369033813]
[2.2216298580169678]
[92.42005920410156]
[1.1345168352127075]
[7.772059917449951]
[1.157630205154419]
[15.3749418258667]
[1.4980701208114624]
[2.003774642944336]
[1.1646802425384521]
[4.234154224395752]
[2026.8123779296875]
[3.976228952407837]
[1.0304450988769531]
[0.4506954848766327]
[0.44890713691711426]
[2.192139148712158]
[2.615375280380249]
[9.557182312011719]
[48.59763717651367]
[0.8065022230148315]
[8.727313995361328]
[9.57569694519043]
[15.87641716003418]
[0.49093782901763916]
[5.342268466949463]
[1.5769739151000977]
[32.284542083740234]
[2.7405614852905273]
[0.5636529326438904]
[12.844466209411621]
[1.8552563190460205]
[0.47639819979667664]
[4.405148506164551]
[55.403751373291016]
[4.415676116943359]
[0.5066079497337341]
[1.0523955821990967]
[0.4299399256706238]
[2.5616793632507324]
[0.8718278408050537]
[2.176706552505493]
[30.498939514160156]
[0.8704077005386353]
[14.392559051513672]
[3.050769090652466]
[2.8989782333374023]
[16.239484786987305]
[0.558936357498169]
[0.5026589035987854]
[21.50775718688965]
[11.0857572555542]
[3.056114912033081]
[0.4062240719795227]
[5.165858268737793]
[0.05508291348814964]
[4.935934543609619]
[100.19024658203125]
[0.4527101218700409]
[0.38666751980781555]
[0.6724926233291626]
[385.20574951171875]
[0.467286080121994]
[0.9386392831802368]
[1.9483360052108765]
[1.2853642702102661]
[1.8420850038528442]
[8.212409019470215]
[15.289789199829102]
[1.799524188041687]
[103.35711669921875]
[12.942872047424316]
[48.555519104003906]
[183.54541015625]
[0.8722785711288452]
[70.3402328491211]
[2.4425694942474365]
[314.9371337890625]
[7.624101161956787]
[22.666767120361328]
[4.158416748046875]
[1.3707575798034668]
[0.5587323307991028]
[0.4264158606529236]
[3.7854621410369873]
[0.4074098467826843]
[1436.0037841796875]
[2.7938425540924072]
[1.20395028591156]
[1.0756711959838867]
[3.1653990745544434]
[2.5990428924560547]
[0.6234781742095947]
[9.469831466674805]
[0.4271259307861328]
[0.4364737272262573]
[0.5082433223724365]
[0.8576738834381104]
[24.7047061920166]
[42.74506378173828]
[2.197129726409912]
[0.5540580153465271]
[3.526155710220337]
[14.428119659423828]
[0.5074129700660706]
[1.5263954401016235]
[11.791306495666504]
[0.7390554547309875]
[0.609725832939148]
[1.0368144512176514]
[19.025123596191406]
[1.0742560625076294]
[147.23219299316406]
[0.5793111324310303]
[0.6892958283424377]
[0.4232774078845978]
[0.46400681138038635]
[1.9928821325302124]
[2.387336492538452]
[7.967537879943848]
[0.5978204607963562]
[0.7027842998504639]
[0.35038262605667114]
[1.3351263999938965]
[36.997920989990234]
[2.537907361984253]
[0.398942768573761]
[2.121448278427124]
[17.820171356201172]
[1.3397433757781982]
[0.8431170582771301]
[1.7658629417419434]
[1.061252474784851]
[8.077317237854004]
[3.8941385746002197]
[2.7675421237945557]
[1.1235880851745605]
[158.8148956298828]
[1.1780983209609985]
[2.809544086456299]
[3.5152406692504883]
[0.6662254333496094]
[0.36440399289131165]
[1.633750319480896]
[1.0736669301986694]
[9.075785636901855]
[2.3046982288360596]
[18.83434295654297]
[0.9404692053794861]
[4.941390514373779]
[0.21594884991645813]
[0.8057108521461487]
[0.3647869825363159]
[0.36502835154533386]
[87.30768585205078]
[7.621922016143799]
[0.4844573140144348]
[0.7797085642814636]
[0.9325435161590576]
[0.5048012733459473]
[3.752122402191162]
[0.3116213381290436]
[5.172468662261963]
[0.346106618642807]
[2.664435386657715]
[0.8524219989776611]
[0.32050469517707825]
[0.3997347950935364]
[3286.108154296875]
[0.12919802963733673]
[1.7126251459121704]
[534.346435546875]
[2.197716474533081]
[0.4323484003543854]
[24.33249282836914]
[339.5766296386719]
[0.4073953926563263]
[2.7354347705841064]
[7.083803653717041]
[1.3267502784729004]
[1701.552490234375]
[1.6123510599136353]
[9.579876899719238]
[0.455515593290329]
[0.3014572262763977]
[0.6520241498947144]
[9.906679153442383]
[0.4144701361656189]
[0.66562819480896]
[7.829681873321533]
[1.3798855543136597]
[6.790735244750977]
[0.4111233651638031]
[0.8414483666419983]
[35.1995735168457]
[1.2269600629806519]
[7.283300876617432]
[53.03353500366211]
[3.1094493865966797]
[0.8134902715682983]
[1.7647813558578491]
[0.4753062427043915]
[0.7363379001617432]
[2.105396032333374]
[0.904839038848877]
[0.38777315616607666]
[5.036995887756348]
[2.9045822620391846]
[10.7487154006958]
[2.6532225608825684]
[1.519453763961792]
[4.148891448974609]
[3.727285861968994]
[33.18071365356445]
[0.3308373689651489]
[16.977880477905273]
[3.327754020690918]
[6.452722549438477]
[0.32644832134246826]
[0.8055420517921448]
[0.9460583329200745]
[0.7712450623512268]
[0.32188618183135986]
[0.8343287110328674]
[0.6101141571998596]
[10.411828994750977]
[0.3390543758869171]
[72.85383605957031]
[7.917227745056152]
[1.3459020853042603]
[1.2131942510604858]
[1.2053831815719604]
[0.4737842082977295]
[0.32220467925071716]
[0.782651960849762]
[29.175430297851562]
[4.260746479034424]
[3.4643020629882812]
[1.4033591747283936]
[0.9573696851730347]
[2.7116949558258057]
[0.34430599212646484]
[0.996346652507782]
[3.759922981262207]
[14.927216529846191]
[7.1810150146484375]
[1.797256350517273]
[58.45829772949219]
[1.4423331022262573]
[0.39984139800071716]
[0.4023149013519287]
[0.4128696322441101]
[1.542783498764038]
[3.5414540767669678]
[25.581159591674805]
[0.534347414970398]
[0.5476071834564209]
[3.4727120399475098]
[11.253561973571777]
[0.4205209016799927]
[0.6809688806533813]
[0.9798155426979065]
[0.27450031042099]
[14.9109468460083]
[4.6769185066223145]
[1.2093791961669922]
[0.7186464071273804]
[0.4026733636856079]
[0.544476330280304]
[3.1497344970703125]
[0.4385035037994385]
[1.0854758024215698]
[0.5934703350067139]
[11.105724334716797]
[0.7990549206733704]
[50.235313415527344]
[79.26439666748047]
[1.7342352867126465]
[11.748455047607422]
[0.9456691741943359]
[0.20933234691619873]
[0.404230535030365]
[0.2898896038532257]
[0.4641741216182709]
[16.9361515045166]
[2.649763584136963]
[179.97052001953125]
[0.452157199382782]
[10.614846229553223]
[8.910270690917969]
[2.6738812923431396]
[0.636340856552124]
[0.6899662017822266]
[20.23357582092285]
[1.8288520574569702]
[1.0760458707809448]
[0.4276355504989624]
[4.271909713745117]
[145.70831298828125]
[541.2510375976562]
[4.009243965148926]
[1.1866190433502197]
[1.9953887462615967]
[0.353466272354126]
[7.823221206665039]
[0.3085869550704956]
[0.3847337067127228]
[935.6846923828125]
[0.5764338970184326]
[1.091933012008667]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[218.9637908935547]
[102.25106811523438]
[5.796892166137695]
[2.0476067066192627]
[0.6498066186904907]
[10.107405662536621]
[3.227858781814575]
[2.413813591003418]
[0.4855266213417053]
[3.9510457515716553]
[34.434879302978516]
[21.27145004272461]
[86.44725799560547]
[0.4479137361049652]
[1.093454122543335]
[8.181424140930176]
[1.660659670829773]
[1.3628849983215332]
[2.8164420127868652]
[58.5118408203125]
[26.726091384887695]
[0.36531388759613037]
[5.635307788848877]
[5.602108955383301]
[49.25204086303711]
[0.10060910880565643]
[4.801504611968994]
[0.4771457016468048]
[40.50642776489258]
[1.2240787744522095]
[9.640973091125488]
[4.0339250564575195]
[2.339376926422119]
[0.8279795050621033]
[0.8895275592803955]
[1.2327959537506104]
[0.3886987268924713]
[0.3462362289428711]
[3.523906946182251]
[0.33289745450019836]
[0.9469465613365173]
[0.34927231073379517]
[2.3413333892822266]
[5.769587516784668]
[0.6539363265037537]
[0.3143180012702942]
[0.5054635405540466]
[0.8445875644683838]
[75.7977066040039]
[0.4718116521835327]
[1.1704237461090088]
[5.529865264892578]
[214.57559204101562]
[0.33163487911224365]
[0.2649693787097931]
[3.3314208984375]
[0.49273139238357544]
[0.34272727370262146]
[19.402463912963867]
[1.2689019441604614]
[0.737989604473114]
[0.6728014349937439]
[6.510511875152588]
[0.22176361083984375]
[0.2614156901836395]
[0.2927786111831665]
[2.689822196960449]
[2.020066738128662]
[2.7663683891296387]
[16.518705368041992]
[4.639257431030273]
[17.65581703186035]
[2.481567859649658]
[0.8062081336975098]
[0.37437793612480164]
[0.2923433184623718]
[0.28411737084388733]
[0.5062258243560791]
[0.842860996723175]
[2.182159185409546]
[2.1496422290802]
[3.2297720909118652]
[0.8867194652557373]
[0.4353869557380676]
[48.608909606933594]
[2.1771817207336426]
[0.47031843662261963]
[4.487541675567627]
[0.7134369015693665]
[1616.389404296875]
[87.52568054199219]
[3.6642181873321533]
[0.5738155245780945]
[6.723017692565918]
[0.9164175987243652]
[2.3163678646087646]
[2.2026076316833496]
[1.007177472114563]
[1.0929155349731445]
[0.3520292341709137]
[0.4582766592502594]
[2.6568610668182373]
[993.305419921875]
[19.800006866455078]
[2.667299747467041]
[8.177755355834961]
[0.8765751719474792]
[3.708872079849243]
[0.39608463644981384]
[1.3520556688308716]
[0.3763997256755829]
[0.36682936549186707]
[0.9906439185142517]
[0.3559359610080719]
[0.9723522067070007]
[1.01957106590271]
[2.7060799598693848]
[2.3788111209869385]
[10.969037055969238]
[3.7721543312072754]
[5.332672595977783]
[23.939678192138672]
[30.454736709594727]
[10.182299613952637]
[0.27904221415519714]
[3.9732236862182617]
[1.4726136922836304]
[3.4801344871520996]
[26.144784927368164]
[64.09182739257812]
[0.33027172088623047]
[0.8424031138420105]
[300.8833923339844]
[7.701216220855713]
[0.7290393710136414]
[63.14875411987305]
[3.117302179336548]
[1.8625680208206177]
[8.519981384277344]
[0.3640233278274536]
[4.832834243774414]
[0.3393472731113434]
[1.0548042058944702]
[6.1408562660217285]
[0.44889166951179504]
[0.4550188481807709]
[1.9000695943832397]
[10.711363792419434]
[1.866448998451233]
[1.5061068534851074]
[3.3809337615966797]
[670.83203125]
[1.0348973274230957]
[12.268768310546875]
[1.136488914489746]
[0.1952531486749649]
[9.049198150634766]
[0.3850337266921997]
[2.074970006942749]
[1.0179450511932373]
[11.374794960021973]
[4.518955230712891]
[1.0030838251113892]
[1.3199303150177002]
[0.259387344121933]
[0.46374303102493286]
[3.4196937084198]
[45.839820861816406]
[0.5600943565368652]
[0.823530375957489]
[1.1031906604766846]
[1.0040178298950195]
[0.7082810997962952]
[0.36103835701942444]
[0.3005167841911316]
[27.531801223754883]
[0.9170403480529785]
[7.411442279815674]
[4.955435752868652]
[0.3772682249546051]
[0.8314961791038513]
[2.912396192550659]
[789.7444458007812]
[0.9634214639663696]
[0.3328094780445099]
[2.8348636627197266]
[2.3929898738861084]
[0.9864180088043213]
[0.6644370555877686]
[20.31220245361328]
[4.438873291015625]
[10.871999740600586]
[1.3307805061340332]
[1.0371216535568237]
[14.128745079040527]
[15.138331413269043]
[0.7718756794929504]
[0.3748677372932434]
[7.621992111206055]
[99.0784683227539]
[2.110701322555542]
[0.44134512543678284]
[0.39442306756973267]
[1.5304195880889893]
[0.7211292386054993]
[15.775538444519043]
[0.428376704454422]
[15.293540954589844]
[0.43869027495384216]
[3.2221453189849854]
[1.4402323961257935]
[2.597393751144409]
[0.4287091791629791]
[6.577703475952148]
[0.7010531425476074]
[8.9307222366333]
[1.9984064102172852]
[2.555067539215088]
[10.331538200378418]
[0.9524831175804138]
[0.9500489830970764]
[0.5063226819038391]
[0.5119911432266235]
[4.768029689788818]
[10.802046775817871]
[14.081740379333496]
[18.944971084594727]
[0.33588260412216187]
[0.5848289728164673]
[0.5067218542098999]
[0.5143923759460449]
[19.8445987701416]
[1.5863271951675415]
[0.6082906126976013]
[20.897911071777344]
[0.9805324673652649]
[2.180551528930664]
[0.4185492694377899]
[0.31737077236175537]
[0.7048760056495667]
[0.39346107840538025]
[1.2841885089874268]
[0.03732246533036232]
[0.6648575067520142]
[83.60560607910156]
[0.9209434390068054]
[13.0545654296875]
[4.836580753326416]
[4.515344142913818]
[3.8105809688568115]
[9.387628555297852]
[1.1031322479248047]
[1.7927545309066772]
[7.545597076416016]
[0.9528489708900452]
[21.436927795410156]
[0.8135338425636292]
[0.5091469287872314]
[0.6211650371551514]
[0.5049291849136353]
[1.3620017766952515]
[0.537716269493103]
[0.9627512097358704]
[1.3138586282730103]
[2.779838800430298]
[0.5479457378387451]
[21.423171997070312]
[1.3404442071914673]
[111.60645294189453]
[0.5810427665710449]
[0.5846613049507141]
[1.288791298866272]
[12.720267295837402]
[0.8418323993682861]
[16.241418838500977]
[0.5201849341392517]
[0.5834500789642334]
[5.356294631958008]
[0.5081682205200195]
[1.1254045963287354]
[7.254458427429199]
[0.5662407875061035]
[1.3204602003097534]
[49.605857849121094]
[0.4577217996120453]
[0.3887183368206024]
[16.855998992919922]
[1.1463147401809692]
[0.3929517865180969]
[0.30910003185272217]
[4.245823383331299]
[0.4952343702316284]
[0.7166946530342102]
[522.6859741210938]
[5.539501190185547]
[1.3617124557495117]
[0.4572432041168213]
[16.28409767150879]
[4.273825645446777]
[9.671785354614258]
[0.979759693145752]
[0.37561774253845215]
[0.9483510851860046]
[5.8271403312683105]
[6.281890869140625]
[0.7351880073547363]
[0.6878076195716858]
[0.45069438219070435]
[0.454422265291214]
[15.116839408874512]
[0.9058743119239807]
[4.620436668395996]
[5.256173133850098]
[2.5224907398223877]
[845.37353515625]
[8.240840911865234]
[5.3655877113342285]
[0.34613266587257385]
[3.2237632274627686]
[0.35434502363204956]
[15.602200508117676]
[1.0851130485534668]
[0.3307665288448334]
[2.6984925270080566]
[2.2202553749084473]
[6.719823837280273]
[9.51113510131836]
[0.4308151304721832]
[0.20638222992420197]
[3.7961764335632324]
[0.9214085340499878]
[0.4381290674209595]
[4.620105743408203]
[0.45689287781715393]
[0.05459926649928093]
[0.44931116700172424]
[0.10754197090864182]
[7.063352584838867]
[1.3473304510116577]
[4.297948837280273]
[6.008424758911133]
[0.3942403793334961]
[1.0201016664505005]
[47.925872802734375]
[3.604921817779541]
[1.4348636865615845]
[4.264830589294434]
[0.45439383387565613]
[1.1960983276367188]
[1.8451943397521973]
[20.616111755371094]
[0.5011520385742188]
[70.40383911132812]
[1.429628849029541]
[0.8844596743583679]
[401.5629577636719]
[0.30317097902297974]
[35.47999572753906]
[0.2571314871311188]
[4.467755317687988]
[0.3188919425010681]
[0.7776072025299072]
[0.4228942394256592]
[0.559255838394165]
[127.92137908935547]
[1.7876743078231812]
[194.92555236816406]
[0.3205736577510834]
[6.895302772521973]
[0.8210976123809814]
[2393.91650390625]
[1.1163504123687744]
[0.1503978669643402]
[0.7883554100990295]
[2.0277159214019775]
[0.7771661281585693]
[15.06308364868164]
[50.550594329833984]
[1.7923284769058228]
[1.09303617477417]
[0.7422301769256592]
[35.313575744628906]
[13.509574890136719]
[3.5218727588653564]
[2.748643159866333]
[181.19708251953125]
[3.458571672439575]
[14.843714714050293]
[0.9402395486831665]
[1.6570029258728027]
[3.060997247695923]
[1.2731150388717651]
[1.0728118419647217]
[0.7616547346115112]
[1.8247575759887695]
[1.0972808599472046]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.6775886416435242]
[15.36870002746582]
[34.21940231323242]
[1.5836610794067383]
[1.112290859222412]
[7.250955581665039]
[3.9763917922973633]
[3.9740800857543945]
[1.3243412971496582]
[8.366913795471191]
[0.6608301401138306]
[2.6791067123413086]
[2520.984130859375]
[0.6520401239395142]
[0.8429672122001648]
[2.7887558937072754]
[11.738838195800781]
[47.62810134887695]
[302.7961730957031]
[29.873851776123047]
[9.741217613220215]
[3.5247347354888916]
[22.617292404174805]
[5.922700881958008]
[165.09634399414062]
[13.09598159790039]
[4.255436897277832]
[61.39761734008789]
[51.793827056884766]
[1.7277661561965942]
[0.41821274161338806]
[5.361777305603027]
[28.012990951538086]
[2.0087807178497314]
[53.398860931396484]
[8.826242446899414]
[11.891984939575195]
[54.037078857421875]
[3.6969411373138428]
[33.254844665527344]
[6.900322914123535]
[10.767884254455566]
[1.4565635919570923]
[12.12743854522705]
[25.617799758911133]
[2.969498634338379]
[1.1774688959121704]
[2.3347744941711426]
[3.646711826324463]
[34.616973876953125]
[4.156503200531006]
[2.561460018157959]
[53.47457504272461]
[5.068243503570557]
[2.491333246231079]
[2.2603507041931152]
[48.43439483642578]
[30.090890884399414]
[91.70419311523438]
[6.288000583648682]
[0.8870297074317932]
[133.43695068359375]
[1.3671067953109741]
[306.418212890625]
[16.33366584777832]
[7.153036594390869]
[2.3779664039611816]
[11.352433204650879]
[3.011157751083374]
[2.2950754165649414]
[1.4626749753952026]
[41.905513763427734]
[5.527252674102783]
[16.71228790283203]
[2.9836862087249756]
[1.1737074851989746]
[8.03271198272705]
[1.6162562370300293]
[24.716039657592773]
[46.214473724365234]
[1.4457156658172607]
[0.9117519855499268]
[1.4447365999221802]
[1.0642943382263184]
[42.173194885253906]
[5.653707981109619]
[5.379697799682617]
[2.3278558254241943]
[18.23444366455078]
[6.764133453369141]
[3.2023041248321533]
[3.8552913665771484]
[4.089662551879883]
[2.1867825984954834]
[20.025083541870117]
[2.7154452800750732]
[68.33516693115234]
[2.0950684547424316]
[2.412043809890747]
[1462.2440185546875]
[4.9911208152771]
[1.4167609214782715]
[1.0787724256515503]
[45.24944305419922]
[13.42818832397461]
[1.4698578119277954]
[26.832273483276367]
[1.3669114112854004]
[1.5766905546188354]
[3.1500720977783203]
[2.131011486053467]
[4.731678009033203]
[2.0647315979003906]
[1.085228681564331]
[5.062897205352783]
[0.8527435064315796]
[16.754497528076172]
[8.548888206481934]
[56.259918212890625]
[2008.8154296875]
[1.603793740272522]
[1.4197876453399658]
[6.7893548011779785]
[1.2460421323776245]
[1.144234538078308]
[8.856178283691406]
[0.6278183460235596]
[4.3232855796813965]
[21.758852005004883]
[1.903297781944275]
[0.7618757486343384]
[3.1204118728637695]
[4.304161548614502]
[3.288182258605957]
[2.1301515102386475]
[1.642173409461975]
[0.6327636241912842]
[5.065489292144775]
[546.2467041015625]
[18.547182083129883]
[0.9671462178230286]
[1.5730712413787842]
[77.17958068847656]
[1.1437180042266846]
[55.331825256347656]
[29.541574478149414]
[26.169374465942383]
[7.651679515838623]
[44.48331069946289]
[14.595198631286621]
[0.9526892900466919]
[7.464809417724609]
[127.38931274414062]
[7.066099643707275]
[16.13719367980957]
[82.93418884277344]
[67.10037231445312]
[3.9818789958953857]
[23.451156616210938]
[7.219744682312012]
[2.5651321411132812]
[4.636257171630859]
[16.336742401123047]
[3.1453261375427246]
[2.2241506576538086]
[13.109488487243652]
[1.558631181716919]
[1.0107215642929077]
[0.9571405649185181]
[0.9239659309387207]
[2.5474846363067627]
[8.582983016967773]
[1.0556668043136597]
[10.493913650512695]
[8.120316505432129]
[1.4156893491744995]
[15.5691556930542]
[308.3797607421875]
[586.482177734375]
[18.534988403320312]
[0.860456645488739]
[1266.5521240234375]
[1.0866836309432983]
[1.9907002449035645]
[0.9687265753746033]
[8.216137886047363]
[14.242170333862305]
[11.66260051727295]
[14.988752365112305]
[2925.589599609375]
[5.284261703491211]
[4.648312568664551]
[41.93793869018555]
[1.5541094541549683]
[74.37963104248047]
[0.9172627925872803]
[7.024702072143555]
[2.3397765159606934]
[2.0833725929260254]
[3.0457546710968018]
[1.9919180870056152]
[1.3652288913726807]
[1.12749445438385]
[3.4003708362579346]
[1.095252513885498]
[7.054935455322266]
[2.6377484798431396]
[6.055142402648926]
[132.85935974121094]
[1.9655717611312866]
[2.6438660621643066]
[1.2583776712417603]
[0.5955965518951416]
[0.5785949230194092]
[0.41452357172966003]
[16.09345817565918]
[1.1350919008255005]
[107.58753204345703]
[29.90418243408203]
[118.17183685302734]
[6.016655445098877]
[2.9714908599853516]
[1.5881476402282715]
[1.233585000038147]
[5.581970691680908]
[5.768315315246582]
[19.852996826171875]
[0.9335582256317139]
[2.673853874206543]
[0.8976924419403076]
[0.7009333968162537]
[4.0296831130981445]
[1.2697454690933228]
[0.9939653873443604]
[6.186565399169922]
[2.505890130996704]
[1.0797224044799805]
[0.9898300170898438]
[4.981969833374023]
[33.751827239990234]
[11.388792991638184]
[1.4319137334823608]
[1.287007451057434]
[0.7065771222114563]
[10.752249717712402]
[2.746734380722046]
[0.8111342787742615]
[1.1964868307113647]
[0.7011436223983765]
[8.628342628479004]
[527.5479125976562]
[82.47747802734375]
[1.6047536134719849]
[0.6387926936149597]
[11.344364166259766]
[16.299110412597656]
[1.589833378791809]
[1.0636552572250366]
[4.061429977416992]
[99.67399597167969]
[0.4488323926925659]
[101.47126770019531]
[1.236790657043457]
[1651.9298095703125]
[2.5449743270874023]
[1.0310169458389282]
[2.3661508560180664]
[39.102046966552734]
[1.2728867530822754]
[1.447991132736206]
[2.3599510192871094]
[1.4955050945281982]
[1105.987548828125]
[1.4479469060897827]
[8.136717796325684]
[541.64111328125]
[53.83820343017578]
[4.729673862457275]
[2.5182900428771973]
[1.2808690071105957]
[75.69659423828125]
[3.4883644580841064]
[5.529120922088623]
[8.286725044250488]
[2.0519652366638184]
[2.133801221847534]
[59.679237365722656]
[1.481614589691162]
[2.3732917308807373]
[987.29638671875]
[31.83324432373047]
[0.7694356441497803]
[13.240644454956055]
[2.650205612182617]
[1.5167765617370605]
[0.9610476493835449]
[2.9707558155059814]
[11.276047706604004]
[6.125980377197266]
[2.036245107650757]
[0.7001372575759888]
[57.66303634643555]
[1.9995990991592407]
[1.3302842378616333]
[2.4927539825439453]
[3.3369252681732178]
[1.361880898475647]
[6.239006996154785]
[20.54669761657715]
[1.1228233575820923]
[348.1387634277344]
[1.1490483283996582]
[8.21427059173584]
[0.8224870562553406]
[1.2329915761947632]
[0.5725443363189697]
[2.218756675720215]
[28.798080444335938]
[24.006662368774414]
[4.834794998168945]
[2.303410530090332]
[0.23207390308380127]
[3.1824939250946045]
[0.5561570525169373]
[18.240840911865234]
[26.24761199951172]
[4.613250255584717]
[0.5831745266914368]
[4.496465682983398]
[33.187923431396484]
[4.6638383865356445]
[6.61815071105957]
[0.2512637674808502]
[1.7173231840133667]
[1.2258697748184204]
[64.63099670410156]
[1.1415648460388184]
[26.91253662109375]
[1.0070698261260986]
[4.280785083770752]
[0.7098071575164795]
[0.719871461391449]
[0.7603908777236938]
[0.739509642124176]
[0.38070473074913025]
[0.42515555024147034]
[11.791147232055664]
[3.2594809532165527]
[5.542190074920654]
[1.5563340187072754]
[2.945674419403076]
[136.6103057861328]
[5.429655075073242]
[4.711176872253418]
[15.43191146850586]
[1.4312026500701904]
[3.0834600925445557]
[4.085519313812256]
[0.7606556415557861]
[4.136159420013428]
[0.4276241958141327]
[0.8349931836128235]
[0.5690269470214844]
[0.5577291250228882]
[3.674360752105713]
[8.854698181152344]
[1.6881440877914429]
[2.404311180114746]
[0.5269119739532471]
[0.8457306623458862]
[1.2651675939559937]
[7.507894992828369]
[0.5641507506370544]
[1.2892472743988037]
[1.195000171661377]
[20.893936157226562]
[0.8144851922988892]
[3.650087833404541]
[1.3302013874053955]
[0.7020313143730164]
[1851.58056640625]
[2.160630226135254]
[336.9609680175781]
[1.3025617599487305]
[3.337578058242798]
[8.337566375732422]
[4.947790622711182]
[1.8318578004837036]
[1.462889552116394]
[2.69355845451355]
[3.0399155616760254]
[13.34648323059082]
[10.9480619430542]
[2.874971628189087]
[73.71722412109375]
[0.9586154818534851]
[11.375692367553711]
[3.4467761516571045]
[6.062720775604248]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.7171144485473633]
[2.2768869400024414]
[0.9407064914703369]
[0.958082377910614]
[21.989709854125977]
[4.912578105926514]
[2.653670072555542]
[4.094393730163574]
[8.844969749450684]
[0.6609456539154053]
[0.8963585495948792]
[1.686975359916687]
[0.7271731495857239]
[0.7609724998474121]
[1.0962330102920532]
[0.7603433132171631]
[29.87078857421875]
[1.010731816291809]
[0.8988069891929626]
[0.6550789475440979]
[87.59224700927734]
[1.50910222530365]
[1.4412431716918945]
[167.85980224609375]
[1.2024214267730713]
[1.314121961593628]
[1.6565021276474]
[499.9178771972656]
[6.5205769538879395]
[909.610595703125]
[2.9627068042755127]
[41.725582122802734]
[1.8462060689926147]
[5.616466522216797]
[0.6897591352462769]
[1143.812255859375]
[0.7783820629119873]
[0.584702730178833]
[324.6643371582031]
[0.5851256847381592]
[0.36727234721183777]
[0.5503944158554077]
[6.387657642364502]
[1.0151338577270508]
[0.6667810082435608]
[0.642304003238678]
[0.12087589502334595]
[0.581995964050293]
[1.6736700534820557]
[2.018430471420288]
[1.6351600885391235]
[3.839280128479004]
[4.565768241882324]
[1.3941117525100708]
[17.079683303833008]
[1.2867892980575562]
[75.8678970336914]
[0.42184334993362427]
[5.1775102615356445]
[0.9895192980766296]
[1.3752800226211548]
[786.7142944335938]
[2.234473943710327]
[0.7631796002388]
[0.4053608775138855]
[3.4524569511413574]
[0.873658299446106]
[8.758283615112305]
[0.7666335105895996]
[9.152355194091797]
[0.9154474139213562]
[32.257530212402344]
[1.3563520908355713]
[5.341899871826172]
[3.59475040435791]
[4.615922451019287]
[0.9093539714813232]
[0.9559877514839172]
[17.299354553222656]
[1.943636178970337]
[2.0330874919891357]
[1.646531105041504]
[1410.095947265625]
[1.768701434135437]
[38.176246643066406]
[0.5606485605239868]
[0.8647428154945374]
[0.3414457440376282]
[0.9678688049316406]
[4.469910621643066]
[4.882778167724609]
[1.180068850517273]
[0.8691264390945435]
[3.9245028495788574]
[6.84138298034668]
[1.4348210096359253]
[0.40935444831848145]
[1.767114281654358]
[36.69865798950195]
[13.903738021850586]
[5.664677619934082]
[0.6432790160179138]
[1.0885794162750244]
[0.4398745000362396]
[7.224961757659912]
[0.3125579059123993]
[5.915715217590332]
[9.761835098266602]
[0.7757687568664551]
[9.956413269042969]
[0.8116768002510071]
[8.128596305847168]
[886.7012329101562]
[0.6439424753189087]
[0.6851422786712646]
[5.522620677947998]
[1.8189895153045654]
[408.7092590332031]
[0.43336692452430725]
[6.308100700378418]
[0.5838977098464966]
[172.39964294433594]
[2.676509380340576]
[0.9974875450134277]
[1.2634456157684326]
[5.659460067749023]
[111.20015716552734]
[18.561782836914062]
[0.5146524906158447]
[549.7310180664062]
[1.8736469745635986]
[4.918097019195557]
[303.17645263671875]
[25.383071899414062]
[0.7042111754417419]
[2.1909351348876953]
[0.40920525789260864]
[1.0204167366027832]
[2.085672616958618]
[1.259644627571106]
[540.1095581054688]
[4.391424655914307]
[1.519716501235962]
[2.0833401679992676]
[0.8472791910171509]
[5.284339427947998]
[0.3743272125720978]
[6.462639331817627]
[0.47895678877830505]
[5.689034461975098]
[12.120028495788574]
[0.6609393358230591]
[5.440153121948242]
[21.533864974975586]
[29.791440963745117]
[684.5267944335938]
[602.883056640625]
[93.48649597167969]
[4.336859226226807]
[3.31044864654541]
[0.7041913866996765]
[5.235165596008301]
[11.049429893493652]
[0.6138041019439697]
[0.19444091618061066]
[0.7819249033927917]
[0.5794743895530701]
[1.9157822132110596]
[0.7128912210464478]
[4.6615495681762695]
[11.46757698059082]
[0.6775821447372437]
[1.0382146835327148]
[0.6801711320877075]
[0.7460172176361084]
[1.663977026939392]
[0.6077337265014648]
[0.6018669605255127]
[116.88805389404297]
[4.457077980041504]
[5.828098773956299]
[0.9420669078826904]
[30.077131271362305]
[1.7924392223358154]
[0.694272518157959]
[0.6038174629211426]
[2.2383413314819336]
[4.519471645355225]
[5.5529465675354]
[0.4777022898197174]
[225.65484619140625]
[1.5342174768447876]
[4.048147201538086]
[1.5118441581726074]
[2.0163424015045166]
[2.4502158164978027]
[0.6597298383712769]
[0.13670752942562103]
[1.1015700101852417]
[0.7415844798088074]
[2.750814199447632]
[4.464048385620117]
[0.5587413907051086]
[2.9412059783935547]
[1.7408756017684937]
[1.5628012418746948]
[0.4510049819946289]
[6.199646472930908]
[16.35825538635254]
[41.36103057861328]
[110.7138900756836]
[0.7382885813713074]
[7.430683612823486]
[31.502952575683594]
[7.829421520233154]
[0.6589935421943665]
[8.950484275817871]
[0.4059182107448578]
[9.556662559509277]
[0.36747315526008606]
[149.05654907226562]
[0.6511210799217224]
[1.5776526927947998]
[1.0534192323684692]
[0.645965576171875]
[0.599756121635437]
[21.768632888793945]
[0.5229635238647461]
[0.9502443671226501]
[386.20257568359375]
[4.632277965545654]
[7.169034481048584]
[59.02467727661133]
[27.80303955078125]
[14.625344276428223]
[88.94300079345703]
[6.733030796051025]
[13.082070350646973]
[5.296724319458008]
[181.41641235351562]
[2.47438907623291]
[0.9827191829681396]
[0.6241486668586731]
[0.7344446778297424]
[0.6863836050033569]
[0.6550356149673462]
[0.7695478200912476]
[0.8173266649246216]
[32.50056457519531]
[0.36771419644355774]
[8.504966735839844]
[3.9270236492156982]
[1.0914154052734375]
[21.996416091918945]
[3.476684331893921]
[0.6885269284248352]
[0.5989766120910645]
[0.40576645731925964]
[0.8940325975418091]
[0.8103563189506531]
[0.6271113753318787]
[1.2880200147628784]
[4.6497321128845215]
[1.9643173217773438]
[1.4181345701217651]
[0.20977754890918732]
[1.2648053169250488]
[0.6208081841468811]
[0.7443022727966309]
[0.5924375057220459]
[54.88718795776367]
[1.4770756959915161]
[11.686393737792969]
[0.28058233857154846]
[0.7203665971755981]
[3.2803378105163574]
[1.4721429347991943]
[2.7140185832977295]
[0.6003507971763611]
[0.6229230761528015]
[0.6505500674247742]
[1.4076727628707886]
[0.34268271923065186]
[1.1734840869903564]
[4.77371883392334]
[0.46787598729133606]
[3.3595340251922607]
[1.026456356048584]
[0.30396580696105957]
[158.76356506347656]
[3.2860357761383057]
[2.2936477661132812]
[0.2867234945297241]
[959.5192260742188]
[7.5273613929748535]
[1.89292573928833]
[2.189088821411133]
[0.4154841899871826]
[14.202467918395996]
[30.706321716308594]
[0.9528574347496033]
[0.8308882713317871]
[1.2588309049606323]
[441.8495788574219]
[9.566703796386719]
[0.41226041316986084]
[0.6251448392868042]
[0.3783465325832367]
[812.3063354492188]
[7.665703773498535]
[0.4290783703327179]
[1.0164510011672974]
[127.82372283935547]
[2.514293670654297]
[3.0221447944641113]
[0.9093499183654785]
[38.132423400878906]
[1.4074879884719849]
[23.792985916137695]
[1.2109161615371704]
[0.49406933784484863]
[0.9179365038871765]
[0.7266003489494324]
[4.745830059051514]
[1.9667389392852783]
[0.4938018321990967]
[0.4360596835613251]
[0.5295486450195312]
[2.015639543533325]
[0.4491461217403412]
[0.30901074409484863]
[0.6124378442764282]
[3.1510097980499268]
[0.7797600030899048]
[1.121308445930481]
[16.651775360107422]
[0.6662117838859558]
[695.1883544921875]
[3.8295648097991943]
[0.3635811507701874]
[0.8881732225418091]
[1.8895738124847412]
[1.370505690574646]
[0.6054378151893616]
[0.6161652207374573]
[4.546910762786865]
[19.53322982788086]
[0.7306548357009888]
[1.672558307647705]
[7.348233699798584]
[4.145870685577393]
[0.5481423735618591]
[0.8159081339836121]
[3.87454891204834]
[0.7628553509712219]
[0.7943189740180969]
[0.651807427406311]
[0.5353991389274597]
[0.5885127782821655]
[0.2858703136444092]
[0.6608301401138306]
[0.4369088411331177]
[348.30059814453125]
[1.717841625213623]
[0.6609338521957397]
[7.159512519836426]
[0.6137223243713379]
[0.2948867082595825]
[1.0092246532440186]
[1.6251214742660522]
[0.26500657200813293]
[0.6760468482971191]
[0.46858975291252136]
[1.784093976020813]
[0.7030656337738037]
[4.337917327880859]
[4.4011054039001465]
[0.26893189549446106]
[5.367969512939453]
[492.94512939453125]
[6.700122833251953]
[0.9669085144996643]
[270.3768310546875]
[0.7065837979316711]
[1.1831278800964355]
[0.6769507527351379]
[0.7810401320457458]
[0.7903643250465393]
[3.9754886627197266]
[1.5740832090377808]
[0.41044577956199646]
[0.34626075625419617]
[0.6629302501678467]
[0.5166082978248596]
[0.38227465748786926]
[1.4724315404891968]
[9.792277336120605]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.0278544425964355]
[1.3183554410934448]
[86.45594787597656]
[1.5235079526901245]
[51.820594787597656]
[10.118888854980469]
[6.9352617263793945]
[0.8319908380508423]
[2.4813344478607178]
[0.8359034061431885]
[0.9894698858261108]
[0.5625108480453491]
[187.55722045898438]
[247.15274047851562]
[12.124835014343262]
[1.9454399347305298]
[0.58336341381073]
[1.3186320066452026]
[48.9361572265625]
[0.5641351938247681]
[1.7729547023773193]
[0.5201258063316345]
[2.5079128742218018]
[1.9524688720703125]
[1.0889266729354858]
[0.047693222761154175]
[1.0005509853363037]
[4.737483501434326]
[0.2995678782463074]
[0.7671194672584534]
[1.1207863092422485]
[1.4125051498413086]
[110.34117126464844]
[7.683745861053467]
[0.5294829607009888]
[0.4736984968185425]
[2.5722742080688477]
[0.24596089124679565]
[0.445480614900589]
[15.739680290222168]
[0.5963225960731506]
[0.5535827875137329]
[9.474676132202148]
[0.6479970812797546]
[0.6757314205169678]
[3.2536611557006836]
[0.8207773566246033]
[0.7577396631240845]
[0.3999374806880951]
[5.404833793640137]
[0.5818020701408386]
[2.2585411071777344]
[713.0571899414062]
[0.7944151163101196]
[2.5605154037475586]
[19.959501266479492]
[1.2538663148880005]
[2.841627597808838]
[0.37740811705589294]
[3.220829725265503]
[6.537413120269775]
[2.1796677112579346]
[0.1405012458562851]
[2.553213596343994]
[0.40707823634147644]
[1.1707173585891724]
[0.7639678120613098]
[0.6331554651260376]
[0.2814633548259735]
[100.74267578125]
[0.5290488600730896]
[1.113364815711975]
[0.36899086833000183]
[1.6188037395477295]
[0.5679761171340942]
[0.3924062252044678]
[2.9715070724487305]
[0.12490879744291306]
[0.37889155745506287]
[2.773024797439575]
[0.43517959117889404]
[0.40217137336730957]
[0.5018857717514038]
[0.16559509932994843]
[3.2833974361419678]
[0.8288090229034424]
[0.386834055185318]
[0.6469797492027283]
[2.795102834701538]
[10.73314094543457]
[0.38853663206100464]
[12.752152442932129]
[145.7393798828125]
[26.040119171142578]
[0.21557386219501495]
[429.1734313964844]
[0.5414553284645081]
[7.8323259353637695]
[1.0566562414169312]
[3.9922878742218018]
[0.42065760493278503]
[0.7741071581840515]
[0.29424622654914856]
[217.95147705078125]
[426.5649108886719]
[0.610466718673706]
[0.8180672526359558]
[0.537717342376709]
[1.5227092504501343]
[28.567455291748047]
[0.5305130481719971]
[364.1901550292969]
[0.7706848978996277]
[48.8719596862793]
[781.90478515625]
[9.870685577392578]
[76.78312683105469]
[14.482744216918945]
[3.1354551315307617]
[4.950806617736816]
[0.6370841264724731]
[0.40129879117012024]
[4.6126017570495605]
[5.646970272064209]
[1.6313846111297607]
[1.6513668298721313]
[3.6791467666625977]
[1.8036749362945557]
[0.5291234850883484]
[8.501615524291992]
[67.43536376953125]
[1.2817033529281616]
[1.473042607307434]
[4.744163990020752]
[0.6358758807182312]
[0.7258960008621216]
[0.5659744143486023]
[0.3630574345588684]
[0.8210991024971008]
[0.47811707854270935]
[2.724923610687256]
[0.8724846839904785]
[18.82758903503418]
[1.264333724975586]
[6.569321155548096]
[2.3101413249969482]
[1.3072797060012817]
[3.430415630340576]
[3.3289971351623535]
[5.835911750793457]
[1.1084518432617188]
[3.564865827560425]
[3.531663179397583]
[0.146306112408638]
[1.383630394935608]
[0.5527389049530029]
[21.97722816467285]
[1.7258824110031128]
[1.1572517156600952]
[1.3878297805786133]
[21.193300247192383]
[1.7499955892562866]
[0.8169313669204712]
[0.28168487548828125]
[163.16981506347656]
[0.2623889446258545]
[3.5600359439849854]
[572.1207275390625]
[0.34443947672843933]
[4.256124973297119]
[0.4937044084072113]
[23.624940872192383]
[3.678147792816162]
[15.200735092163086]
[1.3196284770965576]
[0.4338826835155487]
[0.3971586525440216]
[4.534226417541504]
[0.27603983879089355]
[0.30118730664253235]
[2.4104185104370117]
[1.7398072481155396]
[0.3687436580657959]
[0.97590172290802]
[21.992658615112305]
[0.36703574657440186]
[54.40220260620117]
[14.413435935974121]
[0.687939465045929]
[1169.35400390625]
[193.53945922851562]
[1.3654682636260986]
[2.6416175365448]
[1.505812644958496]
[21.501110076904297]
[0.4373342990875244]
[2.8345422744750977]
[2.371168851852417]
[2.8155386447906494]
[0.5332345366477966]
[39.676273345947266]
[1.780516505241394]
[7.003297328948975]
[0.3186210095882416]
[60.934120178222656]
[0.309563010931015]
[1.1616514921188354]
[0.5620662569999695]
[2.8717963695526123]
[0.7491985559463501]
[1.749576449394226]
[0.5354743599891663]
[0.36795154213905334]
[10.701075553894043]
[371.35784912109375]
[0.9963609576225281]
[0.44357243180274963]
[0.9743768572807312]
[1.0090527534484863]
[5.652339458465576]
[0.1824856996536255]
[0.24682924151420593]
[228.08644104003906]
[1.082176923751831]
[0.4115203022956848]
[0.6748586893081665]
[1.0287418365478516]
[0.235336571931839]
[9.79415225982666]
[8.258345603942871]
[1.4490948915481567]
[154.39024353027344]
[0.5852794647216797]
[594.956787109375]
[3.983290195465088]
[1.1803035736083984]
[0.7297221422195435]
[15.275873184204102]
[1.9892594814300537]
[8.366662979125977]
[32.44993209838867]
[7.617701530456543]
[10.539668083190918]
[2.3363842964172363]
[0.4059828817844391]
[1.6078664064407349]
[3.0616233348846436]
[0.786586582660675]
[0.9001518487930298]
[0.5584580898284912]
[2.7279152870178223]
[0.4671591520309448]
[1.031904697418213]
[1.4078065156936646]
[0.42839908599853516]
[0.973209023475647]
[0.45568108558654785]
[12.475642204284668]
[3.868648052215576]
[56.588470458984375]
[14.899482727050781]
[4.775947093963623]
[0.3772643208503723]
[28.932228088378906]
[17.54041290283203]
[10.058403968811035]
[0.6714364886283875]
[0.7056742310523987]
[2.658707618713379]
[22.9730281829834]
[0.3729158043861389]
[1.6967132091522217]
[2.002525568008423]
[0.9275226593017578]
[313.95947265625]
[0.2511399984359741]
[2.9076836109161377]
[2.5438127517700195]
[1.9481996297836304]
[0.0924183651804924]
[24.791545867919922]
[0.500171422958374]
[0.2087169587612152]
[56.40898895263672]
[12.111865997314453]
[0.6001480221748352]
[10.440683364868164]
[0.4979904890060425]
[1.78584885597229]
[13.58184814453125]
[3.3612728118896484]
[0.7212631106376648]
[0.5754657983779907]
[0.8000219464302063]
[1.6376373767852783]
[12.953174591064453]
[1.7901078462600708]
[0.5209020376205444]
[2.4127867221832275]
[3.115279197692871]
[0.5902359485626221]
[19.834714889526367]
[20.678791046142578]
[1.245343804359436]
[1.4547532796859741]
[0.19159044325351715]
[0.7783595323562622]
[2.2242743968963623]
[0.7469807267189026]
[0.41082364320755005]
[674.5733032226562]
[1.101261854171753]
[0.8341942429542542]
[0.38580214977264404]
[1.2495814561843872]
[0.6134116649627686]
[0.6813175082206726]
[0.8543855547904968]
[7.8958539962768555]
[5.6710615158081055]
[1.162446141242981]
[3.5772693157196045]
[0.9185515642166138]
[0.8191936016082764]
[398.709716796875]
[7.806472301483154]
[1.5656416416168213]
[8.478120803833008]
[31.492891311645508]
[309.2521667480469]
[3.237163782119751]
[1.3820594549179077]
[0.6164873838424683]
[9.006305694580078]
[0.4362194538116455]
[1.2888190746307373]
[0.28473514318466187]
[0.9046856760978699]
[1.3992037773132324]
[0.31396788358688354]
[0.623131275177002]
[0.9603559970855713]
[2.4654459953308105]
[0.43300697207450867]
[3.712461471557617]
[0.38515517115592957]
[0.44153857231140137]
[56.18019485473633]
[0.34332549571990967]
[0.28738799691200256]
[0.702109158039093]
[267.2185363769531]
[0.5203855633735657]
[0.44247135519981384]
[0.2619284391403198]
[54.3952751159668]
[1.8051097393035889]
[0.2024710476398468]
[0.35271576046943665]
[0.2565581798553467]
[97.38888549804688]
[5.483685493469238]
[6.3122878074646]
[8.378100395202637]
[1.1214348077774048]
[0.3414449989795685]
[0.6820025444030762]
[0.6785949468612671]
[17.111677169799805]
[1.4734067916870117]
[0.7060688138008118]
[12.52580451965332]
[16.851665496826172]
[2.4122626781463623]
[112.23053741455078]
[3.1991660594940186]
[1.1913831233978271]
[0.3398094177246094]
[0.3892192840576172]
[1.8658623695373535]
[5.052423477172852]
[0.2187461256980896]
[2.0503008365631104]
[0.5283820033073425]
[2.541160821914673]
[0.6366918087005615]
[133.44097900390625]
[0.2847607731819153]
[0.36133071780204773]
[0.18216760456562042]
[18.87307357788086]
[22.813962936401367]
[8.954297065734863]
[24.60552215576172]
[82.35588073730469]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.20283526182174683]
[2.149249315261841]
[0.41721680760383606]
[0.3697250783443451]
[3.790774345397949]
[6.029584884643555]
[0.3598446547985077]
[7.824820041656494]
[0.9687119126319885]
[2.1325109004974365]
[0.718010663986206]
[4.954207897186279]
[1.5820648670196533]
[497.0667724609375]
[1.6325407028198242]
[0.7102634906768799]
[7.290117263793945]
[2.6614198684692383]
[6.542425155639648]
[305.3988342285156]
[5.843947887420654]
[1.6690282821655273]
[0.39770981669425964]
[3.7625844478607178]
[0.42195209860801697]
[0.45666617155075073]
[0.3185999095439911]
[0.587166965007782]
[0.9865774512290955]
[4.519338607788086]
[9.312460899353027]
[0.6971073150634766]
[3.606797695159912]
[0.3900648057460785]
[0.35271042585372925]
[1.948763370513916]
[233.5972137451172]
[0.5207605361938477]
[1.4953428506851196]
[0.2281765192747116]
[0.32224807143211365]
[0.8817706108093262]
[21.696609497070312]
[0.5724256634712219]
[5.682521343231201]
[1.856095314025879]
[2.088655710220337]
[0.6092698574066162]
[0.6309165954589844]
[0.7054105997085571]
[519.2015380859375]
[2.743889570236206]
[9.838046073913574]
[13.983787536621094]
[0.750824511051178]
[26.190406799316406]
[0.7591751217842102]
[1.359908938407898]
[6.039767265319824]
[0.5449687838554382]
[0.40550950169563293]
[0.6735092401504517]
[1.0770007371902466]
[64.8125228881836]
[0.8708690404891968]
[0.5838158130645752]
[2.7770776748657227]
[11.693717956542969]
[29.33905601501465]
[45.9544792175293]
[0.5239185094833374]
[155.5076446533203]
[1.6805388927459717]
[0.6646308898925781]
[0.8646662831306458]
[1.186273217201233]
[49.003849029541016]
[177.5584716796875]
[2.6304984092712402]
[0.6036820411682129]
[5.782129287719727]
[0.6278218030929565]
[0.19080916047096252]
[6.1698689460754395]
[927.2351684570312]
[0.815812885761261]
[4.0574421882629395]
[0.6376489996910095]
[0.7205928564071655]
[0.4991092383861542]
[8.877697944641113]
[1.4346195459365845]
[0.16264262795448303]
[0.43964946269989014]
[1.7953782081604004]
[10.260621070861816]
[7.460008144378662]
[3.8134565353393555]
[0.7504852414131165]
[0.2713940739631653]
[0.8772719502449036]
[3.351057529449463]
[2.831599712371826]
[0.19160933792591095]
[0.8647292852401733]
[0.4269513189792633]
[276.0298156738281]
[0.5244405269622803]
[53.738136291503906]
[135.41041564941406]
[1.2830369472503662]
[3.3399112224578857]
[1.531711220741272]
[14.90176773071289]
[4.122832775115967]
[0.6085384488105774]
[80.51343536376953]
[1.3152738809585571]
[0.9439298510551453]
[0.1530025452375412]
[5.0361223220825195]
[21.052047729492188]
[1.1798633337020874]
[0.8677622079849243]
[0.8280740976333618]
[6.023654937744141]
[3.775071620941162]
[5.125586032867432]
[0.7966557145118713]
[0.9479559063911438]
[2.1967275142669678]
[3.278301477432251]
[4.842132091522217]
[955.34521484375]
[10.221723556518555]
[1.7121102809906006]
[0.6009715795516968]
[2.8170206546783447]
[291.0210876464844]
[2.6481008529663086]
[1.6447917222976685]
[0.5938574075698853]
[2.9115684032440186]
[1.2459440231323242]
[0.5169628262519836]
[3.3252170085906982]
[3.391629695892334]
[1.0032447576522827]
[2.140747308731079]
[0.6644821763038635]
[7.243039608001709]
[0.8932140469551086]
[0.3989543914794922]
[7.281494140625]
[0.6821229457855225]
[71.97794342041016]
[0.3900163173675537]
[2.244807243347168]
[9.582632064819336]
[0.07494775950908661]
[0.06638295948505402]
[0.5636586546897888]
[1.4822813272476196]
[0.37717339396476746]
[1.325202226638794]
[2.397869110107422]
[1.8107867240905762]
[2.244861364364624]
[241.72454833984375]
[0.49462267756462097]
[4.663816928863525]
[0.8667479157447815]
[0.39482972025871277]
[2.213409662246704]
[2.777442216873169]
[0.2446363866329193]
[2.2176053524017334]
[0.38138675689697266]
[0.4100135862827301]
[0.6251291036605835]
[0.42681407928466797]
[0.7447754740715027]
[0.36162078380584717]
[0.4776955842971802]
[0.7300213575363159]
[0.6167459487915039]
[0.5082902908325195]
[157.4533233642578]
[1.195115089416504]
[0.6859255433082581]
[0.42166614532470703]
[8.408361434936523]
[1.2450437545776367]
[0.4056396186351776]
[2.6841886043548584]
[0.907563328742981]
[3.1352157592773438]
[2.715503454208374]
[0.3295975625514984]
[440.3370056152344]
[0.6622962355613708]
[6.892357349395752]
[0.5454152226448059]
[0.4373108744621277]
[1.8898849487304688]
[0.35991623997688293]
[2.011683702468872]
[1.6236581802368164]
[4.138782024383545]
[3.645291805267334]
[312.0135803222656]
[0.3744945526123047]
[0.36712124943733215]
[0.6381446123123169]
[19.643260955810547]
[0.40444669127464294]
[12.400256156921387]
[1.195654034614563]
[7.246237277984619]
[52.424251556396484]
[2.6408791542053223]
[3.581544876098633]
[1.8897125720977783]
[73.40027618408203]
[1034.0009765625]
[1.282893419265747]
[0.4732587933540344]
[4.785407066345215]
[2.11285662651062]
[0.25692978501319885]
[0.2490915060043335]
[4.031771659851074]
[0.5902900099754333]
[2.900899887084961]
[0.6974920034408569]
[0.6033685803413391]
[0.7166954278945923]
[0.5921182036399841]
[3.0432565212249756]
[2.1447997093200684]
[10.789306640625]
[5.447120189666748]
[0.4012656807899475]
[1.4332078695297241]
[17.324819564819336]
[45.76841354370117]
[3.8992834091186523]
[2.9962399005889893]
[11.061161041259766]
[18.107112884521484]
[0.44916003942489624]
[0.5455584526062012]
[0.2873450517654419]
[0.1059742420911789]
[1.1471610069274902]
[0.5367760062217712]
[0.3127284646034241]
[2.748147487640381]
[0.4175702929496765]
[1.1707122325897217]
[0.6505399346351624]
[0.3275948762893677]
[0.4474649429321289]
[217.2588653564453]
[0.8975685238838196]
[165.7899169921875]
[0.3879421353340149]
[3.2551217079162598]
[8.908182144165039]
[195.7816619873047]
[8.175538063049316]
[0.5248115658760071]
[0.5793095231056213]
[0.6015359163284302]
[1.4089524745941162]
[3.8195831775665283]
[0.35872960090637207]
[0.4653171896934509]
[0.3786245584487915]
[0.3792911469936371]
[18.16326332092285]
[1532.5914306640625]
[2.431459903717041]
[17.97313117980957]
[0.3507158160209656]
[0.3298996388912201]
[1.7346512079238892]
[6.305473804473877]
[2.2769227027893066]
[1.7477508783340454]
[0.8712038993835449]
[0.7353949546813965]
[6.65860652923584]
[1.4022018909454346]
[0.46365875005722046]
[260.09722900390625]
[6.306008338928223]
[0.4091024696826935]
[1.6751723289489746]
[0.5197499990463257]
[0.3397007882595062]
[0.4941244423389435]
[3.212204933166504]
[15.126302719116211]
[620.8709106445312]
[1.0757842063903809]
[0.519191563129425]
[0.8137877583503723]
[0.2018776834011078]
[7.951550483703613]
[0.47841599583625793]
[2.3468191623687744]
[17.03418731689453]
[0.6487532258033752]
[2.0332746505737305]
[2.713519334793091]
[0.4994564950466156]
[0.6719186305999756]
[0.6743724346160889]
[60.09328079223633]
[1.8500170707702637]
[13.388083457946777]
[0.5194980502128601]
[0.5132765769958496]
[1.9723825454711914]
[463.0450134277344]
[2.185624599456787]
[0.8552009463310242]
[1.1109251976013184]
[0.6412598490715027]
[0.9830402135848999]
[0.7296076416969299]
[2.5844180583953857]
[1.167026400566101]
[0.7669199109077454]
[0.9132330417633057]
[1.908592939376831]
[1.148503303527832]
[0.6159275770187378]
[0.40881648659706116]
[0.7470657229423523]
[819.2067260742188]
[290.02972412109375]
[4.807596206665039]
[0.9701557755470276]
[0.7036042213439941]
[0.625038743019104]
[1.1412874460220337]
[1.442380666732788]
[0.9352749586105347]
[0.42650699615478516]
[1.7739177942276]
[0.41908109188079834]
[0.663932740688324]
[5.361935615539551]
[0.4903230369091034]
[0.6179301738739014]
[1.0892924070358276]
[0.6958394050598145]
[0.44758105278015137]
[0.5026972889900208]
[0.37216320633888245]
[5.82113790512085]
[0.4481261074542999]
[0.5539800524711609]
[0.40276026725769043]
[0.8732498288154602]
[2.598041296005249]
[2.8815982341766357]
[2.1802845001220703]
[0.4159243106842041]
[5.231924057006836]
[2.2610747814178467]
[0.8335334658622742]
[0.5395240783691406]
[0.6107629537582397]
[1.0163215398788452]
[5.94891357421875]
[0.4082186222076416]
[5.849208831787109]
[0.563630998134613]
[0.27580469846725464]
[1.4558850526809692]
[0.2332182377576828]
[0.7886400818824768]
[0.11250073462724686]
[1.5037466287612915]
[0.39587563276290894]
[0.4289223551750183]
[1.827125072479248]
[4.059351921081543]
[598.5383911132812]
[0.17566557228565216]
[0.20710623264312744]
[0.49985358119010925]
[1.2665306329727173]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.48820608854293823]
[265.2354431152344]
[0.27657973766326904]
[0.5820480585098267]
[1.6820874214172363]
[0.3028640151023865]
[0.7218689918518066]
[245.5823211669922]
[1.3536667823791504]
[0.5135129690170288]
[3.7949304580688477]
[3.5546092987060547]
[0.34553009271621704]
[0.3364877998828888]
[0.22996816039085388]
[1.5759897232055664]
[5.001943588256836]
[0.4107899069786072]
[0.4200034439563751]
[26.96319580078125]
[1.0747339725494385]
[1.913053035736084]
[1.3649641275405884]
[0.4880977272987366]
[1.5101406574249268]
[25.897497177124023]
[0.717984676361084]
[0.38474327325820923]
[0.3639749586582184]
[7.076226711273193]
[0.7836796641349792]
[0.8783950805664062]
[0.5033332109451294]
[147.05223083496094]
[1.623009443283081]
[0.1486975997686386]
[0.397436261177063]
[428.40838623046875]
[2.5280513763427734]
[1.2388495206832886]
[3.3753387928009033]
[0.5539829134941101]
[0.4734615087509155]
[0.1947963684797287]
[3.5284175872802734]
[1.8233582973480225]
[6.475709915161133]
[45.60008239746094]
[0.7916603088378906]
[0.4707624912261963]
[0.7633500099182129]
[2.3011069297790527]
[1.8918112516403198]
[0.7602971792221069]
[0.8750154972076416]
[0.4082012474536896]
[0.23257556557655334]
[1.8277332782745361]
[0.42434751987457275]
[0.4404156506061554]
[0.7277076840400696]
[1.0186139345169067]
[7.7479047775268555]
[0.406985878944397]
[5.673940658569336]
[0.3741159737110138]
[0.6502643823623657]
[2.422680139541626]
[0.4246440529823303]
[0.26419663429260254]
[0.22177094221115112]
[2.2515335083007812]
[0.12289433181285858]
[0.23319080471992493]
[0.1333574801683426]
[0.4091815948486328]
[0.20457987487316132]
[8.861725807189941]
[0.30253279209136963]
[0.4132196307182312]
[0.2003493309020996]
[306.6396179199219]
[1.2253667116165161]
[2.5966145992279053]
[19.379648208618164]
[19.3162784576416]
[5.8562092781066895]
[2.5567634105682373]
[243.77554321289062]
[343.6944885253906]
[0.4717381000518799]
[11.64665412902832]
[0.3436785936355591]
[0.36614060401916504]
[1.5646862983703613]
[0.20846956968307495]
[0.3587818145751953]
[0.48511889576911926]
[2.74876070022583]
[6.746436595916748]
[0.3128214478492737]
[0.20223025977611542]
[0.3326649069786072]
[0.3749425411224365]
[0.44956958293914795]
[2.195218563079834]
[13.275123596191406]
[4.750113487243652]
[1.1672255992889404]
[0.3133533000946045]
[885.332763671875]
[0.8306036591529846]
[1.7737970352172852]
[0.9161943793296814]
[0.43969208002090454]
[18.913497924804688]
[2.65091609954834]
[0.3630714416503906]
[0.40187111496925354]
[1.196505069732666]
[3.778796434402466]
[0.799889087677002]
[4.658028602600098]
[0.6603392958641052]
[0.3602525591850281]
[0.7087352275848389]
[1.276436448097229]
[0.3769421875476837]
[0.2333366423845291]
[1.6828198432922363]
[0.11951856315135956]
[0.2880686819553375]
[721.6758422851562]
[0.05470005050301552]
[0.1973758488893509]
[0.4794633388519287]
[1.5233882665634155]
[1.7321078777313232]
[2.525634765625]
[3.735539197921753]
[0.26541224122047424]
[45.789608001708984]
[0.24846981465816498]
[2.2598342895507812]
[3.082653284072876]
[365.2247619628906]
[0.5166423320770264]
[263.1983947753906]
[2.126385450363159]
[0.3539750576019287]
[653.5074462890625]
[2.768507719039917]
[0.17082029581069946]
[14.036874771118164]
[4.699323654174805]
[0.7059308886528015]
[0.436787873506546]
[3.3536758422851562]
[0.8865776658058167]
[17.450645446777344]
[0.5070497393608093]
[0.5438334941864014]
[185.06863403320312]
[5.1666388511657715]
[1.788100004196167]
[0.5637896060943604]
[6.43150520324707]
[7.9043803215026855]
[0.34980499744415283]
[0.9223164916038513]
[1.0848972797393799]
[1.6129428148269653]
[0.6578289866447449]
[0.8954464793205261]
[0.5242636203765869]
[0.6676907539367676]
[6.540525913238525]
[0.8442748785018921]
[36.75564956665039]
[0.6197965741157532]
[360.06231689453125]
[0.7083213925361633]
[0.13340207934379578]
[0.6357719302177429]
[0.7716943621635437]
[9.832947731018066]
[2.6186814308166504]
[0.28506654500961304]
[0.4573673605918884]
[1.4233555793762207]
[8.719017028808594]
[0.4630025029182434]
[0.6420279741287231]
[1.8216125965118408]
[3.244523048400879]
[13.235340118408203]
[1.6972739696502686]
[22.581655502319336]
[0.5801201462745667]
[1.209069848060608]
[0.6914544105529785]
[26.90243911743164]
[2.5478274822235107]
[0.4363805055618286]
[1.0017919540405273]
[0.9887782335281372]
[0.6446996927261353]
[1.465943455696106]
[0.32924434542655945]
[5.141790866851807]
[0.3778727352619171]
[0.5384810566902161]
[0.27822375297546387]
[2.119781970977783]
[0.26839950680732727]
[0.7738730907440186]
[0.3477953374385834]
[0.5157458782196045]
[3.3835601806640625]
[4.26181173324585]
[0.5888870358467102]
[84.26734161376953]
[0.4933585226535797]
[0.80234694480896]
[0.2409541755914688]
[157.96356201171875]
[17.95342445373535]
[38.739891052246094]
[8.282539367675781]
[306.43798828125]
[9.841415405273438]
[0.33854660391807556]
[82.1274185180664]
[0.17701277136802673]
[0.23005108535289764]
[0.2773485481739044]
[3.439234972000122]
[0.3831196129322052]
[0.21020597219467163]
[0.23931902647018433]
[0.5406620502471924]
[4.085399627685547]
[0.7740840315818787]
[1.5831739902496338]
[25.97900390625]
[0.5651760101318359]
[0.18305020034313202]
[0.24812032282352448]
[21.90030288696289]
[0.8673994541168213]
[7.491456985473633]
[0.29992377758026123]
[0.4223381280899048]
[9.416455268859863]
[8.593832015991211]
[1.0234605073928833]
[0.10485713183879852]
[0.20807510614395142]
[6.009951591491699]
[5.876424789428711]
[0.2778018116950989]
[0.17714233696460724]
[114.14578247070312]
[0.4356552064418793]
[3.562737226486206]
[1.628809928894043]
[0.9794833660125732]
[1.794499397277832]
[2.3828787803649902]
[0.3821077048778534]
[2.4684360027313232]
[391.5359802246094]
[1.5853068828582764]
[1.413943886756897]
[0.22881458699703217]
[3.593660593032837]
[0.34245437383651733]
[0.882972776889801]
[0.31927967071533203]
[0.28013846278190613]
[4.668581485748291]
[1.1248000860214233]
[0.22431381046772003]
[0.38762542605400085]
[6.756566047668457]
[0.33325621485710144]
[0.7359421253204346]
[4.231828212738037]
[0.3835306465625763]
[17.512958526611328]
[0.2738324701786041]
[43.308204650878906]
[0.7906889319419861]
[0.6737286448478699]
[14.561176300048828]
[0.7587487101554871]
[3.7706689834594727]
[250.98924255371094]
[1.4196058511734009]
[0.38963863253593445]
[4.746221542358398]
[1.5403250455856323]
[0.6634058356285095]
[0.6868000030517578]
[1.186120867729187]
[0.4213808476924896]
[18.31837272644043]
[5.530369758605957]
[4.668283462524414]
[5.682146072387695]
[5.740113735198975]
[0.7084829807281494]
[0.7940197587013245]
[4.142167091369629]
[0.8266220092773438]
[1.6570372581481934]
[1.9007465839385986]
[2.068723201751709]
[0.41442811489105225]
[2.778813362121582]
[0.3393956422805786]
[22.299222946166992]
[1.2508783340454102]
[405.2108154296875]
[5.428643226623535]
[0.3883166015148163]
[7.833919525146484]
[0.6775264739990234]
[0.5911812782287598]
[2.9680440425872803]
[0.24164341390132904]
[295.37030029296875]
[0.8538361191749573]
[20.48839569091797]
[0.42480623722076416]
[0.3484935760498047]
[0.6754806637763977]
[14.199089050292969]
[0.11283358931541443]
[0.4619559049606323]
[0.2659059762954712]
[0.6421508193016052]
[2.4514565467834473]
[0.5915549397468567]
[0.21445013582706451]
[0.40867966413497925]
[0.6694275140762329]
[0.5111899375915527]
[1.1574838161468506]
[0.27431416511535645]
[55.79951095581055]
[1.8682316541671753]
[0.40413907170295715]
[0.6119003891944885]
[2.9721076488494873]
[3.227834701538086]
[0.3876969516277313]
[0.24172256886959076]
[1.442368507385254]
[0.3223987817764282]
[45.944557189941406]
[5.5314435958862305]
[39.55982208251953]
[3.694645643234253]
[1.130441427230835]
[0.9372197985649109]
[0.24064163863658905]
[12.011943817138672]
[2.15348744392395]
[0.5726764798164368]
[0.18423931300640106]
[0.2444576770067215]
[97.60702514648438]
[4.1525468826293945]
[2.0695137977600098]
[0.39962682127952576]
[23.948827743530273]
[2.8398993015289307]
[1.9254587888717651]
[1.066531777381897]
[0.24403543770313263]
[0.2786084711551666]
[0.25078651309013367]
[7.863688945770264]
[6.292341709136963]
[0.2950131893157959]
[0.6534578800201416]
[0.8924822807312012]
[0.5034936666488647]
[0.2663523554801941]
[31.913938522338867]
[0.23110932111740112]
[1.0630863904953003]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.6658101081848145]
[1.2006436586380005]
[0.29283472895622253]
[0.09435711055994034]
[0.4474322199821472]
[0.3397986590862274]
[4.700875759124756]
[18.8911075592041]
[0.29875248670578003]
[8.881062507629395]
[332.9486389160156]
[121.44973754882812]
[5.279491424560547]
[0.3674726188182831]
[0.14626097679138184]
[2.0542452335357666]
[0.5177496075630188]
[0.09920669347047806]
[0.40134453773498535]
[0.4758150577545166]
[0.37436309456825256]
[1.3960120677947998]
[0.5372039675712585]
[1.9630193710327148]
[1.4037010669708252]
[0.9522013068199158]
[0.951423704624176]
[0.44628942012786865]
[0.3769088685512543]
[0.15137678384780884]
[12.746232032775879]
[0.3864246606826782]
[0.5902352929115295]
[0.34361758828163147]
[0.24280111491680145]
[18.177169799804688]
[1.6379798650741577]
[33.878787994384766]
[0.5347298979759216]
[0.050190702080726624]
[0.13814468681812286]
[5.676275253295898]
[0.22830723226070404]
[2.0387539863586426]
[33.5925178527832]
[15.43796157836914]
[0.14317940175533295]
[0.16102226078510284]
[236.8090362548828]
[1.7981206178665161]
[2.0077998638153076]
[0.16221988201141357]
[0.39401328563690186]
[0.525746762752533]
[38.26276779174805]
[157.964599609375]
[0.7244139313697815]
[14.999712944030762]
[2.451874017715454]
[169.21803283691406]
[14.047203063964844]
[14.191435813903809]
[0.5660252571105957]
[4.276119232177734]
[4.695281505584717]
[1.9663411378860474]
[22.78052520751953]
[0.972850501537323]
[3.201458692550659]
[3.9996297359466553]
[92.69164276123047]
[0.2669382691383362]
[1.1051340103149414]
[0.3261137902736664]
[1.9622786045074463]
[4.914901256561279]
[210.29257202148438]
[0.08053696900606155]
[0.3139738440513611]
[0.45182040333747864]
[0.770343005657196]
[41.63772964477539]
[4.387086868286133]
[4.740393161773682]
[0.11012512445449829]
[26.849109649658203]
[2.520286798477173]
[0.30454692244529724]
[0.06088249757885933]
[0.8300307989120483]
[0.15297821164131165]
[0.5382730960845947]
[2.3016018867492676]
[1.9121828079223633]
[24.780113220214844]
[0.28426697850227356]
[4.210204601287842]
[0.7440586686134338]
[2.695136308670044]
[2.3549365997314453]
[0.9411802887916565]
[1.2697036266326904]
[0.7117769718170166]
[0.7192521095275879]
[0.42390206456184387]
[2.0771822929382324]
[9.154294967651367]
[0.7527294158935547]
[6.181801795959473]
[5.2044243812561035]
[433.84161376953125]
[3.0713744163513184]
[10.648992538452148]
[3.8826162815093994]
[10.997077941894531]
[0.4023519456386566]
[3.5194215774536133]
[0.3386669158935547]
[0.6698452830314636]
[0.29012420773506165]
[0.29326140880584717]
[1.1930687427520752]
[0.22588306665420532]
[15.791354179382324]
[89.63587188720703]
[10.14566707611084]
[1.055499792098999]
[2.273524522781372]
[7.79007625579834]
[12.017068862915039]
[0.4149724245071411]
[0.48409828543663025]
[0.777809739112854]
[0.670269250869751]
[26.363361358642578]
[38.60277557373047]
[0.22136694192886353]
[1.0679494142532349]
[1.0463740825653076]
[0.3392697870731354]
[0.16148200631141663]
[1.7211737632751465]
[0.45942404866218567]
[0.4305727779865265]
[0.6568496227264404]
[3.849579095840454]
[0.22567406296730042]
[0.17441299557685852]
[0.3340422809123993]
[5.205301284790039]
[0.25165480375289917]
[5.9136834144592285]
[11.7626953125]
[0.5897974967956543]
[0.2632489800453186]
[3.0463411808013916]
[0.17732517421245575]
[0.18310947716236115]
[0.267525315284729]
[0.26164186000823975]
[0.6495300531387329]
[0.19631533324718475]
[2.8959336280822754]
[0.2367824912071228]
[1.1120764017105103]
[0.8683193922042847]
[0.842163622379303]
[0.7326970100402832]
[0.1928565949201584]
[0.334029883146286]
[1.2920531034469604]
[3.568465232849121]
[3.6087937355041504]
[0.38218462467193604]
[4.123026371002197]
[23.180343627929688]
[4.5217671394348145]
[0.22475087642669678]
[7.497519016265869]
[13.240978240966797]
[2.5224292278289795]
[0.2840334177017212]
[0.7600954174995422]
[9.684934616088867]
[0.9461485147476196]
[1.4323225021362305]
[0.26516827940940857]
[0.600372850894928]
[2.643649101257324]
[1.0411492586135864]
[0.23945796489715576]
[14.554530143737793]
[0.2560397982597351]
[5.5093536376953125]
[0.16257528960704803]
[0.18833710253238678]
[0.16611844301223755]
[0.1811157613992691]
[0.3339899182319641]
[0.8970067501068115]
[6.1583638191223145]
[0.32434090971946716]
[0.29159820079803467]
[1.021691083908081]
[0.8613390326499939]
[0.191819965839386]
[11.73625373840332]
[0.3276759684085846]
[1.2186959981918335]
[0.2524074912071228]
[1.0314412117004395]
[0.3543587028980255]
[0.13678079843521118]
[0.242296040058136]
[1.2010990381240845]
[0.2883802354335785]
[2.1561496257781982]
[1.3392114639282227]
[4.106747627258301]
[0.23473253846168518]
[1.6383460760116577]
[2.2055482864379883]
[1.9155824184417725]
[0.17221178114414215]
[0.2810523509979248]
[0.09710417687892914]
[0.29279977083206177]
[2.1176955699920654]
[11.881011009216309]
[10.85278034210205]
[8.275938987731934]
[0.6071555614471436]
[0.6417267322540283]
[0.2666400671005249]
[0.0709739699959755]
[0.3194881081581116]
[7.1037163734436035]
[0.8768925666809082]
[0.383073091506958]
[19.480335235595703]
[15.074233055114746]
[3.074666976928711]
[2.384951591491699]
[1.0529754161834717]
[0.26911255717277527]
[0.24378186464309692]
[1.6071277856826782]
[0.2592545747756958]
[1.4161098003387451]
[0.6393750905990601]
[6.665126800537109]
[0.23028463125228882]
[0.8927810788154602]
[0.3127500116825104]
[0.36473777890205383]
[4.2516350746154785]
[0.1421024203300476]
[0.36927151679992676]
[5.899777889251709]
[1.7903536558151245]
[2.6880993843078613]
[0.11718698590993881]
[0.22809606790542603]
[0.3060435950756073]
[20.592205047607422]
[0.7563928365707397]
[1.4310914278030396]
[18.037931442260742]
[0.2117478996515274]
[0.6760629415512085]
[0.16346868872642517]
[0.44452595710754395]
[1.184330940246582]
[0.8779959082603455]
[0.17236456274986267]
[0.7034048438072205]
[5.482236862182617]
[0.2634080648422241]
[3.477069139480591]
[48.577030181884766]
[7.886818885803223]
[0.8760278224945068]
[0.2433893233537674]
[10.11179256439209]
[1.2920299768447876]
[0.9747561812400818]
[82.32717895507812]
[2.861252546310425]
[0.22912849485874176]
[1.04070246219635]
[0.299498975276947]
[0.859763503074646]
[0.2978356182575226]
[0.34772926568984985]
[0.08528349548578262]
[0.2339799553155899]
[0.3158347010612488]
[0.8485180735588074]
[0.11040370166301727]
[4.776440620422363]
[0.25658583641052246]
[1.3797372579574585]
[0.8342262506484985]
[29.511472702026367]
[0.21296930313110352]
[0.26964709162712097]
[4.167840957641602]
[0.5985970497131348]
[3.0820112228393555]
[0.24547892808914185]
[1.304599642753601]
[0.24087640643119812]
[1.0523076057434082]
[13.070935249328613]
[2.1701841354370117]
[0.5317448377609253]
[2.483485460281372]
[331.0204162597656]
[0.9490223526954651]
[4.447259902954102]
[0.09837052971124649]
[0.8768983483314514]
[0.30854129791259766]
[31.04261016845703]
[10.595741271972656]
[8.480118751525879]
[2.08536434173584]
[4.143859386444092]
[102.1862564086914]
[18.610380172729492]
[2.1646647453308105]
[12.195199966430664]
[1.8278471231460571]
[14.907027244567871]
[2.7733752727508545]
[1.4816852807998657]
[1.3557498455047607]
[0.4137653112411499]
[0.07878200709819794]
[8.521435737609863]
[2.232173204421997]
[0.9835880398750305]
[5.278703689575195]
[4.750580787658691]
[0.5370374917984009]
[4.693467617034912]
[2.5839123725891113]
[0.7989458441734314]
[0.20910735428333282]
[1.2027177810668945]
[0.12844237685203552]
[0.9500849843025208]
[0.17011438310146332]
[0.2598022222518921]
[0.5001634359359741]
[0.4562712609767914]
[13.783746719360352]
[2.525543451309204]
[1.6730232238769531]
[3.72334623336792]
[0.8256675601005554]
[0.6984590888023376]
[2.726621627807617]
[0.32183364033699036]
[7.405432224273682]
[0.3643588125705719]
[0.704698383808136]
[1.5557928085327148]
[1.322145938873291]
[0.21656633913516998]
[4.770063877105713]
[0.2845720648765564]
[1.9104406833648682]
[0.23350240290164948]
[3.0937271118164062]
[0.3676384389400482]
[0.26296764612197876]
[0.20575135946273804]
[0.30973413586616516]
[0.9488261342048645]
[0.19121606647968292]
[0.2037426382303238]
[0.4422949552536011]
[1.036605715751648]
[0.20635156333446503]
[3.513068914413452]
[0.207184836268425]
[0.8270851969718933]
[2.0751099586486816]
[0.2939026951789856]
[2.1278157234191895]
[0.40594717860221863]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.1728062629699707]
[8.274920463562012]
[0.7834033966064453]
[52.158695220947266]
[1.0023832321166992]
[0.2093098759651184]
[1.7161335945129395]
[0.8179888725280762]
[11.315391540527344]
[0.1561523675918579]
[1.4171929359436035]
[0.1519516408443451]
[2.85562801361084]
[1.0698566436767578]
[1.2337367534637451]
[2.742203712463379]
[0.1504804939031601]
[372.2087097167969]
[432.6910095214844]
[5.8093485832214355]
[3.3387296199798584]
[0.5506062507629395]
[6.628437519073486]
[2.089484930038452]
[1.1471664905548096]
[0.5463467836380005]
[8.395366668701172]
[0.7092726230621338]
[309.68377685546875]
[0.7499168515205383]
[0.42924362421035767]
[3.3632395267486572]
[1.45817232131958]
[2.2357070446014404]
[7.342457294464111]
[0.3200848400592804]
[0.2152407020330429]
[0.3904973864555359]
[0.5362792015075684]
[9.088165283203125]
[11.357888221740723]
[773.5742797851562]
[94.29278564453125]
[13.307347297668457]
[1.3831766843795776]
[0.8127605319023132]
[2.423626184463501]
[7.408562183380127]
[0.7566006183624268]
[0.7180129885673523]
[0.13908568024635315]
[2.452321767807007]
[5.251579761505127]
[0.3136051297187805]
[5.309389114379883]
[0.40038856863975525]
[2.506213903427124]
[3.7415707111358643]
[1.5082504749298096]
[0.3198724389076233]
[17.743755340576172]
[3.8413071632385254]
[194.17189025878906]
[2.504467248916626]
[0.7365138530731201]
[0.3329005837440491]
[18.6588191986084]
[7.891718864440918]
[11.232952117919922]
[1.1219807863235474]
[2.1945834159851074]
[6.142894744873047]
[2.249112129211426]
[15.063756942749023]
[1.8010848760604858]
[1.1972442865371704]
[4.195648670196533]
[0.9907242655754089]
[12.444967269897461]
[58.82240676879883]
[0.802236795425415]
[0.39060497283935547]
[0.5221344232559204]
[1.2658406496047974]
[10.304157257080078]
[7.46485710144043]
[2.8545377254486084]
[1.1236979961395264]
[121.34394836425781]
[0.46690911054611206]
[0.42815127968788147]
[0.5444343090057373]
[3.853724956512451]
[21.026294708251953]
[22.002336502075195]
[0.4001980721950531]
[14.295827865600586]
[7.8602800369262695]
[35.71461486816406]
[1.0656781196594238]
[0.16089008748531342]
[0.343535840511322]
[6.670446395874023]
[0.2851269841194153]
[3.5747618675231934]
[2.940965175628662]
[9.199775695800781]
[0.8550338745117188]
[2.74592661857605]
[9.88210678100586]
[1.2951174974441528]
[0.5835304856300354]
[0.1635984480381012]
[2.5381886959075928]
[14.363697052001953]
[0.4318508803844452]
[0.2888420820236206]
[0.8009381890296936]
[1.557817816734314]
[1.5502527952194214]
[13.13770866394043]
[7.114816188812256]
[3.470665216445923]
[6.365340709686279]
[0.09034186601638794]
[6.956796169281006]
[1.65596604347229]
[58.12565994262695]
[0.2407257854938507]
[1.2365117073059082]
[1.345184326171875]
[1.0478194952011108]
[0.5843667387962341]
[0.9447996616363525]
[1.5169167518615723]
[1.5269054174423218]
[2.833285331726074]
[8.273303985595703]
[19.654922485351562]
[0.3008175492286682]
[1.3392698764801025]
[0.15446123480796814]
[0.15538454055786133]
[0.16981077194213867]
[1.2069627046585083]
[0.8736737966537476]
[0.17823554575443268]
[0.2723812162876129]
[0.19991062581539154]
[2.230586528778076]
[0.7382275462150574]
[0.3981782793998718]
[2.1404263973236084]
[0.9597996473312378]
[0.9584609866142273]
[2.0213141441345215]
[3.472151279449463]
[5.5585808753967285]
[4.041450023651123]
[0.7491487264633179]
[0.17772138118743896]
[155.7430419921875]
[0.6684821248054504]
[7.395392417907715]
[21.508277893066406]
[0.2025727778673172]
[0.19762152433395386]
[0.3032194674015045]
[184.1141357421875]
[2.0004334449768066]
[0.45044055581092834]
[0.2489410638809204]
[0.2713773846626282]
[3.6789863109588623]
[0.37190836668014526]
[393.5414123535156]
[0.20554853975772858]
[0.22345732152462006]
[0.25145137310028076]
[0.2469157725572586]
[0.36875221133232117]
[16.383710861206055]
[0.20425687730312347]
[0.1509554237127304]
[1.9653326272964478]
[7.489099502563477]
[1.1734838485717773]
[0.15279263257980347]
[0.4216691553592682]
[0.07992671430110931]
[0.41392335295677185]
[32.61670684814453]
[402.6007080078125]
[2.484219789505005]
[0.25105345249176025]
[0.7437326312065125]
[0.8835757970809937]
[0.3302082419395447]
[2.85697865486145]
[0.2090749591588974]
[1.83730149269104]
[2.4699912071228027]
[0.29356828331947327]
[99.14042663574219]
[11.58059310913086]
[211.12855529785156]
[0.4743306040763855]
[23.539915084838867]
[0.6110843420028687]
[87.95187377929688]
[0.8188693523406982]
[0.24982014298439026]
[0.7920457720756531]
[1.5186618566513062]
[0.590185284614563]
[12.975597381591797]
[41.251182556152344]
[2081.966796875]
[3.961555242538452]
[0.9204179644584656]
[7.850474834442139]
[29.552474975585938]
[25.798110961914062]
[20.68865203857422]
[4.901717662811279]
[5.394589424133301]
[0.9058639407157898]
[41.300777435302734]
[2.4512059688568115]
[16.703371047973633]
[3.089470863342285]
[21.957731246948242]
[0.8308769464492798]
[6.077980995178223]
[1.7357429265975952]
[0.989147424697876]
[12.788829803466797]
[0.8139201402664185]
[19.674190521240234]
[31.34531021118164]
[1.7941402196884155]
[1.7129771709442139]
[184.6062469482422]
[0.2731315791606903]
[1.5734314918518066]
[2.860520362854004]
[0.7526885271072388]
[0.3908170461654663]
[0.8492995500564575]
[0.5094490051269531]
[0.4908864498138428]
[899.5691528320312]
[5.300173759460449]
[1361.513427734375]
[2.608741521835327]
[0.5084810853004456]
[1.1950538158416748]
[10.564844131469727]
[7.552786827087402]
[0.5059790015220642]
[2.4358036518096924]
[0.7919997572898865]
[1.7433786392211914]
[1.029610514640808]
[33.96805191040039]
[9.609780311584473]
[0.6486237049102783]
[2.0019681453704834]
[23.056528091430664]
[0.7903208136558533]
[0.8157067894935608]
[54.23122024536133]
[49.71022033691406]
[18.314960479736328]
[1.3619484901428223]
[1.2312089204788208]
[0.8330141305923462]
[0.2671044170856476]
[1.3468953371047974]
[41.41294860839844]
[0.9412689805030823]
[1.0637387037277222]
[1.2710332870483398]
[0.7224230170249939]
[6.896646499633789]
[0.30738985538482666]
[19.835250854492188]
[4.073664665222168]
[1.039323329925537]
[4.680866241455078]
[1.4982821941375732]
[18.46416473388672]
[0.603623628616333]
[0.5687252879142761]
[0.35621726512908936]
[9.092400550842285]
[2.688580274581909]
[14.959922790527344]
[0.3854367434978485]
[1.0303642749786377]
[0.5425418615341187]
[4.846353054046631]
[11.740403175354004]
[1.766380786895752]
[6.174615383148193]
[0.43975135684013367]
[1.394080638885498]
[0.3778589367866516]
[0.5036424398422241]
[3.188812255859375]
[0.7305588722229004]
[11.595200538635254]
[0.14581304788589478]
[0.1377229243516922]
[2.1091647148132324]
[0.43326908349990845]
[1.3803339004516602]
[2.0469517707824707]
[1.8507013320922852]
[0.13760027289390564]
[2.1576969623565674]
[23.24321937561035]
[2.3114287853240967]
[38.822845458984375]
[0.6150216460227966]
[0.9032475352287292]
[0.7582414746284485]
[0.19107197225093842]
[0.31025025248527527]
[0.19572730362415314]
[0.166865736246109]
[0.7533433437347412]
[0.6794501543045044]
[933.9788208007812]
[1.4704045057296753]
[2.439713954925537]
[356.00274658203125]
[0.96863853931427]
[262.6083068847656]
[1.2768237590789795]
[0.4378475546836853]
[0.35619187355041504]
[1.11505925655365]
[8.052485466003418]
[0.3010825216770172]
[18.383991241455078]
[0.4516851305961609]
[2.0841562747955322]
[0.6581994891166687]
[3.7602157592773438]
[16.118446350097656]
[6.569762706756592]
[0.11068344116210938]
[3.1372146606445312]
[1.5247617959976196]
[3.5654242038726807]
[0.20914342999458313]
[0.5815817713737488]
[0.821596086025238]
[2.4521117210388184]
[6.521796703338623]
[1.8398650884628296]
[0.6826932430267334]
[2.148829698562622]
[3.239558219909668]
[7.684625148773193]
[1.001155138015747]
[0.2457369565963745]
[1.1455752849578857]
[0.1183997094631195]
[3.177614688873291]
[0.2367578148841858]
[0.5821862816810608]
[20.599225997924805]
[0.3371998071670532]
[0.2366505265235901]
[2.928715229034424]
[0.25232863426208496]
[0.29404109716415405]
[1.966800332069397]
[1.8173948526382446]
[2.319965362548828]
[0.3063910901546478]
[0.19251637160778046]
[0.3484387695789337]
[1.720612645149231]
[0.4445236623287201]
[4.358738899230957]
[8.257933616638184]
[0.40573036670684814]
[0.4652095139026642]
[3.4238522052764893]
[107.1368637084961]
[0.18467019498348236]
[0.3810880780220032]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.064077138900757]
[13.694454193115234]
[173.31719970703125]
[0.9104058742523193]
[8.557406425476074]
[1.7193145751953125]
[0.1599077731370926]
[2.736032724380493]
[1.6053788661956787]
[0.18544429540634155]
[0.3794764578342438]
[1.2136512994766235]
[301.45770263671875]
[0.4072953760623932]
[43.21222686767578]
[6.222715377807617]
[1.6612229347229004]
[2.034621477127075]
[3.954425096511841]
[0.7554760575294495]
[550.4063110351562]
[2.23861026763916]
[9.041786193847656]
[3.4285733699798584]
[5.011887073516846]
[0.3145779073238373]
[20.070737838745117]
[3.2697675228118896]
[0.49246135354042053]
[2.477027177810669]
[0.48447108268737793]
[3.395895004272461]
[10.990334510803223]
[10.82525634765625]
[0.9862008690834045]
[0.5111274719238281]
[19.276840209960938]
[3.1855874061584473]
[0.5930911302566528]
[6.19267463684082]
[32.9766960144043]
[0.21995127201080322]
[2.9798617362976074]
[2.9474527835845947]
[2.3917410373687744]
[0.5121605396270752]
[12.860199928283691]
[1.3010363578796387]
[612.5568237304688]
[10.843505859375]
[0.34274613857269287]
[0.4983711242675781]
[132.7788543701172]
[0.1265270859003067]
[14.68235969543457]
[0.8922686576843262]
[0.790575385093689]
[0.6449928283691406]
[0.9516319036483765]
[0.4312632083892822]
[9.617120742797852]
[5.635890960693359]
[0.9207945466041565]
[2.029428005218506]
[366.8199157714844]
[0.299995481967926]
[12.059009552001953]
[944.4235229492188]
[10.788948059082031]
[0.6088931560516357]
[2.5506720542907715]
[9.961359024047852]
[0.23266629874706268]
[20.154949188232422]
[2.98087215423584]
[1.0069869756698608]
[0.6738618612289429]
[6.367267608642578]
[0.30978381633758545]
[13.193829536437988]
[16.21410369873047]
[1.4374231100082397]
[1.5562493801116943]
[2.4649887084960938]
[2.0877676010131836]
[0.7069138884544373]
[5.461722373962402]
[60.05085372924805]
[0.6392751932144165]
[2.701906681060791]
[0.657815158367157]
[0.38269883394241333]
[2.8413333892822266]
[0.5643689632415771]
[0.2176864594221115]
[11.411080360412598]
[35.47065353393555]
[1.9086841344833374]
[7.359880447387695]
[2.152385950088501]
[3.4205880165100098]
[45.189064025878906]
[1.3827035427093506]
[0.4088106155395508]
[2.765334129333496]
[1.0460748672485352]
[2.4999475479125977]
[0.9804893732070923]
[3.0391740798950195]
[6.809606552124023]
[163.7138214111328]
[0.7385469675064087]
[5.2235918045043945]
[0.6331391334533691]
[11.747827529907227]
[2.768904685974121]
[2.943850517272949]
[129.2567901611328]
[0.9218908548355103]
[0.9496010541915894]
[1.9567532539367676]
[5.075323104858398]
[1.8341093063354492]
[3.4025704860687256]
[5.839601516723633]
[0.6813229918479919]
[103.12183380126953]
[9.265713691711426]
[1.609901785850525]
[5.008591175079346]
[2.9592888355255127]
[1.2168784141540527]
[3.140627145767212]
[2.018038272857666]
[0.8148825764656067]
[1.2883620262145996]
[3.0760436058044434]
[8.201114654541016]
[1.1882740259170532]
[1.5819499492645264]
[0.25529706478118896]
[0.4478909969329834]
[0.9209810495376587]
[1.1777430772781372]
[1.7784850597381592]
[1.3077871799468994]
[8.664165496826172]
[7.679478645324707]
[0.7691238522529602]
[1.2206000089645386]
[4.798135280609131]
[0.13320884108543396]
[0.42794883251190186]
[1.0387625694274902]
[0.5953580737113953]
[0.44401872158050537]
[0.2963465750217438]
[4.652348518371582]
[19.059467315673828]
[11.454490661621094]
[3.4439101219177246]
[370.0390319824219]
[1.3018391132354736]
[0.49577996134757996]
[3.4229376316070557]
[1.1106072664260864]
[1.583457350730896]
[0.38694003224372864]
[0.6014830470085144]
[5.233232021331787]
[0.3773130178451538]
[3.423901319503784]
[1.3927356004714966]
[4.616637706756592]
[0.39651957154273987]
[0.5137869119644165]
[1.5450323820114136]
[1.1220295429229736]
[2.1158928871154785]
[0.986146092414856]
[0.515458881855011]
[162.0613555908203]
[0.9699080586433411]
[2.654517889022827]
[0.38088855147361755]
[2.9036471843719482]
[1.275266170501709]
[0.5697523355484009]
[0.46628043055534363]
[0.3086286187171936]
[779.7753295898438]
[3.411149263381958]
[0.8162040114402771]
[0.922019898891449]
[4.810727596282959]
[0.2826409637928009]
[36.63555908203125]
[1.0748941898345947]
[25.180917739868164]
[36.457923889160156]
[37.20134353637695]
[14.5945405960083]
[1.1510233879089355]
[24.940532684326172]
[2.1535661220550537]
[8.658113479614258]
[1.469599962234497]
[2.239316463470459]
[192.50218200683594]
[0.3486661911010742]
[2.2223331928253174]
[9.382165908813477]
[80.26142120361328]
[31.882566452026367]
[9.444442749023438]
[30.33434295654297]
[0.5366926789283752]
[1.3846882581710815]
[16.305282592773438]
[3.5143914222717285]
[0.3612540066242218]
[0.7893872857093811]
[15.7669038772583]
[3.727567434310913]
[1.1846916675567627]
[7.8036088943481445]
[451.355712890625]
[1.8320962190628052]
[1.2146778106689453]
[1.8072748184204102]
[18.214750289916992]
[6.599674224853516]
[1.2935441732406616]
[8.941664695739746]
[1.5888022184371948]
[0.1318894326686859]
[1.7420886754989624]
[4.694638252258301]
[11.361839294433594]
[9.43599796295166]
[72.74394989013672]
[19.820829391479492]
[0.37698104977607727]
[6.980226039886475]
[0.43356552720069885]
[13.63486099243164]
[2.619990587234497]
[304.9784851074219]
[12.745438575744629]
[2.828981399536133]
[1.6225379705429077]
[8.899532318115234]
[1.7408348321914673]
[2.8583130836486816]
[0.37284669280052185]
[7.06321907043457]
[0.40741732716560364]
[2.4223263263702393]
[10.435554504394531]
[5.039420127868652]
[0.3647262454032898]
[1.70647394657135]
[2.3000447750091553]
[0.1672523468732834]
[154.083984375]
[0.13477496802806854]
[2.2323951721191406]
[10.793750762939453]
[1.0599478483200073]
[0.19823850691318512]
[2.4927403926849365]
[0.5785515308380127]
[1.1466851234436035]
[3.6247808933258057]
[4.081458568572998]
[3.738004446029663]
[1.4427709579467773]
[0.890300989151001]
[0.7732672095298767]
[200.94480895996094]
[13.120340347290039]
[2.4883244037628174]
[9.74180793762207]
[27.368894577026367]
[9.067544937133789]
[0.6372392773628235]
[0.38577884435653687]
[1.0766485929489136]
[0.5995180606842041]
[0.7583568096160889]
[5.307379245758057]
[1.2033684253692627]
[0.1628170907497406]
[1150.5333251953125]
[19.9576473236084]
[0.36962029337882996]
[1.0159494876861572]
[355.7138671875]
[1.9721992015838623]
[1.2124269008636475]
[0.34361445903778076]
[3.4457626342773438]
[0.48500919342041016]
[22.079204559326172]
[1.6923766136169434]
[0.29181528091430664]
[0.47154462337493896]
[1.0117076635360718]
[1.0715413093566895]
[3.411419630050659]
[0.8144951462745667]
[3.790628671646118]
[1.6362632513046265]
[0.5070207715034485]
[0.46955981850624084]
[10.631665229797363]
[0.6422107219696045]
[5.28315544128418]
[0.47630879282951355]
[1.0598989725112915]
[0.18033014237880707]
[2.6097710132598877]
[0.7494561076164246]
[28.925331115722656]
[0.8761610388755798]
[0.4956286549568176]
[0.4039284586906433]
[2.2789275646209717]
[0.20944930613040924]
[1250.059326171875]
[1158.17626953125]
[4.215112686157227]
[4.52745246887207]
[5.606770038604736]
[0.9524001479148865]
[0.8252958655357361]
[101.60570526123047]
[1.7141544818878174]
[63.68611145019531]
[60.30669403076172]
[1.1635172367095947]
[0.7537117004394531]
[15.657912254333496]
[55.300785064697266]
[0.4324633777141571]
[15.486617088317871]
[15.665475845336914]
[7.66409969329834]
[16.6446590423584]
[0.7828890085220337]
[29.182476043701172]
[1.2213815450668335]
[12.289340019226074]
[0.6505616903305054]
[798.051513671875]
[0.47322365641593933]
[0.6143655180931091]
[0.6842067241668701]
[2.4195609092712402]
[59.279747009277344]
[3.071870803833008]
[0.43273302912712097]
[1.272729754447937]
[0.5382925271987915]
[9.803976058959961]
[10.988938331604004]
[1.695271611213684]
[24.586301803588867]
[84.99404907226562]
[6.009315013885498]
[0.3967975676059723]
[1.1402415037155151]
[2.8188257217407227]
[0.5492017269134521]
[6.817220687866211]
[115.60375213623047]
[29.740190505981445]
[0.4019649028778076]
[1.0914819240570068]
[0.5083112120628357]
[32.784576416015625]
[4.168454170227051]
[2.0577898025512695]
[0.5776878595352173]
[6.856480598449707]
[3.647372245788574]
[1.1247438192367554]
[12.277111053466797]
[104.97261810302734]
[2279.52001953125]
[0.8666499853134155]
[28.795654296875]
[0.1677263081073761]
[0.1687440425157547]
[18.583955764770508]
[2.4215376377105713]
[4.854096412658691]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.3800950050354004]
[1.619308352470398]
[1.5362619161605835]
[0.17040027678012848]
[0.19658435881137848]
[1.6801583766937256]
[1.8567370176315308]
[12.373443603515625]
[1.5572729110717773]
[0.6339030861854553]
[0.1366918981075287]
[0.18001283705234528]
[21.01978302001953]
[11.239276885986328]
[6.442015171051025]
[1.1008294820785522]
[10.222492218017578]
[1.6260403394699097]
[70.69551086425781]
[3.9056191444396973]
[0.7697612047195435]
[2.182497024536133]
[1.5758235454559326]
[0.3111886978149414]
[78.30317687988281]
[1.2281711101531982]
[3.191892147064209]
[20.524120330810547]
[0.24224750697612762]
[10.719704627990723]
[191.55763244628906]
[5.323404312133789]
[0.14738193154335022]
[0.47915759682655334]
[0.7775467038154602]
[0.25663888454437256]
[0.2603852450847626]
[20.33041000366211]
[0.2551426291465759]
[0.6417282223701477]
[2.486656427383423]
[1.3027735948562622]
[0.9521925449371338]
[0.15555042028427124]
[0.32678553462028503]
[1.0405739545822144]
[0.2887042164802551]
[0.6952683329582214]
[3.3345108032226562]
[3.6948304176330566]
[16.024635314941406]
[0.18346565961837769]
[3.4717698097229004]
[0.07793032377958298]
[0.2840576171875]
[328.1007080078125]
[0.41783955693244934]
[3.136324882507324]
[593.7055053710938]
[2.6913540363311768]
[0.2642905116081238]
[3.722801923751831]
[2.6121280193328857]
[2.4404633045196533]
[0.8578734397888184]
[1.3271775245666504]
[0.38169652223587036]
[0.7925096750259399]
[0.22941356897354126]
[1.316688060760498]
[2.2815520763397217]
[4.882917881011963]
[5.309316635131836]
[358.473876953125]
[0.24484199285507202]
[0.40214720368385315]
[0.6981636881828308]
[0.08552267402410507]
[7.275070667266846]
[0.09470529854297638]
[1.338698387145996]
[0.3286992311477661]
[0.7250180840492249]
[16.86945343017578]
[2.9992012977600098]
[0.699677050113678]
[0.43741634488105774]
[3.7984659671783447]
[6.60701847076416]
[28.408954620361328]
[23.56540298461914]
[0.2909557819366455]
[0.4805242121219635]
[41.20875549316406]
[0.3154886066913605]
[1.3584911823272705]
[0.5011733770370483]
[0.8619480729103088]
[1.4797238111495972]
[0.22938770055770874]
[0.12551449239253998]
[0.30042240023612976]
[1.6878254413604736]
[1.5810134410858154]
[0.8431887030601501]
[30.069787979125977]
[0.1517409086227417]
[0.3111869692802429]
[1.055110216140747]
[2.0830397605895996]
[2.5001354217529297]
[1.9561288356781006]
[0.5294423699378967]
[0.21155467629432678]
[81.95697021484375]
[3.3739936351776123]
[1.0930875539779663]
[1.9682214260101318]
[24.492456436157227]
[0.7031897902488708]
[3.9752414226531982]
[45.44236373901367]
[0.19759945571422577]
[1141.426025390625]
[0.8634057641029358]
[1.3050323724746704]
[1.756136417388916]
[6.0705132484436035]
[0.3739462196826935]
[5.523332595825195]
[10.250604629516602]
[4.913363456726074]
[23.282470703125]
[1.5161988735198975]
[0.2232130765914917]
[48.0929069519043]
[0.3100232481956482]
[29.499956130981445]
[0.5414509773254395]
[1.590509295463562]
[1.2178776264190674]
[26.711015701293945]
[2.8741588592529297]
[6.129637241363525]
[1.175127387046814]
[1.2828681468963623]
[5.391244888305664]
[4.7338948249816895]
[0.8875352740287781]
[1.3518141508102417]
[1.6041487455368042]
[0.2217954397201538]
[6.654730796813965]
[8.529059410095215]
[1.3488786220550537]
[4.171370983123779]
[0.47395437955856323]
[0.5168630480766296]
[19.080238342285156]
[0.777974545955658]
[2.770401954650879]
[6.5566887855529785]
[3.1630759239196777]
[37.8074836730957]
[0.16520904004573822]
[1.367411494255066]
[26.85662841796875]
[0.2247585654258728]
[120.48809814453125]
[4.009791851043701]
[0.1168806329369545]
[2.124816417694092]
[5.395552158355713]
[13.316702842712402]
[1.2232697010040283]
[0.34618061780929565]
[4.696317195892334]
[1.798017978668213]
[0.4459013342857361]
[0.30049633979797363]
[2.4817473888397217]
[0.3401031494140625]
[422.38165283203125]
[96.23050689697266]
[9.890674591064453]
[6.940717697143555]
[1.2194510698318481]
[0.3693511188030243]
[14.112635612487793]
[0.969361424446106]
[0.4843035042285919]
[1.6131893396377563]
[0.8283026218414307]
[0.1986755132675171]
[0.14611253142356873]
[0.42157286405563354]
[1.016419768333435]
[0.23741742968559265]
[0.6789119839668274]
[0.9105451703071594]
[0.3177054226398468]
[0.8657703995704651]
[31.329439163208008]
[0.17436546087265015]
[0.6311536431312561]
[5.167916297912598]
[5.6291632652282715]
[1.3212089538574219]
[3.0259780883789062]
[17.74219512939453]
[1.1168683767318726]
[0.25145500898361206]
[1.5566439628601074]
[153.49205017089844]
[0.21944071352481842]
[44.04884719848633]
[0.8387609124183655]
[0.5360940098762512]
[1.3144515752792358]
[0.9543094038963318]
[4.305056571960449]
[5.215186595916748]
[0.17257125675678253]
[1.0589975118637085]
[1.299925684928894]
[0.1810716837644577]
[0.3759806156158447]
[0.4124147295951843]
[0.8835470676422119]
[1.2522014379501343]
[0.45787280797958374]
[2.0909583568573]
[18.786663055419922]
[0.6448187232017517]
[1.256951093673706]
[2.1218998432159424]
[2.6347241401672363]
[0.05122724547982216]
[2.784710645675659]
[0.9922425746917725]
[2.4810631275177]
[3.6292057037353516]
[3.3743817806243896]
[0.1626397967338562]
[0.18078716099262238]
[0.7518425583839417]
[0.6624644994735718]
[79.21146392822266]
[1.5021640062332153]
[1.9035896062850952]
[0.6697660684585571]
[6.2866926193237305]
[0.2920868396759033]
[0.16642720997333527]
[0.26539668440818787]
[32.508243560791016]
[0.27873843908309937]
[16.060302734375]
[4.480225086212158]
[1.1019452810287476]
[0.19117502868175507]
[0.12757548689842224]
[1.6942592859268188]
[0.28883931040763855]
[75.68799591064453]
[0.21817296743392944]
[1.2439494132995605]
[0.2084762156009674]
[0.6900855898857117]
[0.5442906022071838]
[3.9162709712982178]
[0.30908188223838806]
[11.190874099731445]
[0.1840342879295349]
[0.2800333797931671]
[0.21265777945518494]
[0.1367228925228119]
[1.4383938312530518]
[0.2359386682510376]
[128.11953735351562]
[0.1834058165550232]
[3.860689401626587]
[12.378584861755371]
[0.12107417732477188]
[2.256798505783081]
[0.10419251769781113]
[9.78085708618164]
[0.8026412129402161]
[0.4100915789604187]
[0.2512820065021515]
[0.23713505268096924]
[4.436375617980957]
[2.5153396129608154]
[52.66709518432617]
[0.4407089650630951]
[0.6397053599357605]
[0.15731875598430634]
[1.6157112121582031]
[1.8195579051971436]
[3.8630995750427246]
[0.11394947022199631]
[0.7997643947601318]
[0.1492653787136078]
[11.259572982788086]
[0.8462938666343689]
[1.9799247980117798]
[10.39538288116455]
[33.15152359008789]
[1.627901554107666]
[1.0836085081100464]
[10.739019393920898]
[0.43714940547943115]
[0.15959018468856812]
[2.846621513366699]
[0.18439354002475739]
[0.6701096892356873]
[8.77456283569336]
[0.26122546195983887]
[0.5328856706619263]
[2.406154155731201]
[1.2258524894714355]
[2.3065850734710693]
[0.2539118826389313]
[0.1585599184036255]
[0.41791263222694397]
[0.138482004404068]
[0.24435396492481232]
[0.4470677971839905]
[1.9012478590011597]
[21.951248168945312]
[184.86097717285156]
[1.5214952230453491]
[0.5931501984596252]
[3.2325851917266846]
[0.9780927300453186]
[3.112865686416626]
[34.960575103759766]
[4.2953691482543945]
[11.33493423461914]
[9.997568130493164]
[5.80556583404541]
[13.7235689163208]
[67.54159545898438]
[0.9028401374816895]
[6.2925262451171875]
[4.953109264373779]
[1.0614246129989624]
[6.665557384490967]
[25.091848373413086]
[3.5385708808898926]
[16.306079864501953]
[2.0904178619384766]
[1.6060080528259277]
[15.24169921875]
[0.7776613831520081]
[20.408573150634766]
[0.7566835880279541]
[7.158716201782227]
[4.463816165924072]
[7.534914016723633]
[22.797409057617188]
[0.7842663526535034]
[0.3522588312625885]
[0.7936976552009583]
[4.69963264465332]
[45.0483283996582]
[4.405799865722656]
[24.126873016357422]
[0.7694263458251953]
[1.253790259361267]
[0.17696896195411682]
[391.1523742675781]
[14.510727882385254]
[0.5956763029098511]
[20.609895706176758]
[0.43841713666915894]
[2.4576456546783447]
[0.41313090920448303]
[0.3939327001571655]
[117.92417907714844]
[38.512786865234375]
[0.4421466588973999]
[38.09633255004883]
[0.2747812569141388]
[386.81097412109375]
[1.585882306098938]
[4.6226067543029785]
[3.6987850666046143]
[5.357183933258057]
[83.32357788085938]
[2.4264028072357178]
[51.644527435302734]
[2.351627826690674]
[0.3487119674682617]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[6.3834638595581055]
[1.164870262145996]
[16.091175079345703]
[0.49711713194847107]
[32.89324188232422]
[1.5602346658706665]
[1.4617990255355835]
[4.166993618011475]
[7.540615081787109]
[0.7208223938941956]
[0.7482657432556152]
[13.281424522399902]
[39.16881561279297]
[1.9584240913391113]
[3.0610134601593018]
[0.4433693587779999]
[4.535928726196289]
[2.5880017280578613]
[5.309384346008301]
[2.493279457092285]
[1.029139518737793]
[182.09088134765625]
[0.9221799373626709]
[0.8453963398933411]
[4.717986583709717]
[1.7895338535308838]
[3.744938611984253]
[9.863715171813965]
[4.932441711425781]
[25.583967208862305]
[8.525420188903809]
[1.4954934120178223]
[0.30196240544319153]
[1.942704677581787]
[1.8848776817321777]
[4.760957717895508]
[0.3106202185153961]
[1.9651225805282593]
[2.3875949382781982]
[1.6430736780166626]
[0.45336228609085083]
[5.188339710235596]
[3.2598986625671387]
[1.7355581521987915]
[0.3171772360801697]
[0.29935386776924133]
[4.043323993682861]
[2.114504337310791]
[120.71847534179688]
[0.2947169244289398]
[756.0967407226562]
[0.7120983004570007]
[1.7943083047866821]
[0.3211809992790222]
[1.3558098077774048]
[0.6920284032821655]
[0.9753105640411377]
[9.395221710205078]
[2.9185991287231445]
[197.3070831298828]
[0.25691941380500793]
[0.32579123973846436]
[2.030318260192871]
[1.1689770221710205]
[5.905569076538086]
[314.5639343261719]
[0.6291215419769287]
[0.46116405725479126]
[0.2838786244392395]
[4.03830623626709]
[1.1299571990966797]
[0.1323881596326828]
[0.3308711349964142]
[13.791674613952637]
[0.13500627875328064]
[4.101540565490723]
[0.3167223036289215]
[1.4053443670272827]
[0.15804541110992432]
[0.1553346812725067]
[1.7125622034072876]
[2.9544179439544678]
[5.853114128112793]
[3.4024248123168945]
[0.1661531776189804]
[1.4256805181503296]
[20.016986846923828]
[15.300448417663574]
[3.613619804382324]
[3.04445219039917]
[3.2686965465545654]
[105.3295669555664]
[0.13302862644195557]
[0.7904424071311951]
[3.9369680881500244]
[0.1689673364162445]
[1.199448585510254]
[12.661911964416504]
[0.22672449052333832]
[1.3438599109649658]
[2.101661443710327]
[349.720703125]
[0.8316982388496399]
[289.9312438964844]
[0.7481189966201782]
[0.5818963050842285]
[0.6669553518295288]
[1.5800973176956177]
[5.765012264251709]
[8.078474998474121]
[0.6048423647880554]
[1.8520660400390625]
[6.68380069732666]
[2.538530111312866]
[0.416606605052948]
[0.5636664032936096]
[1.1788729429244995]
[39.92640686035156]
[39.70280838012695]
[1.2142378091812134]
[5.5016326904296875]
[2.006352424621582]
[1.2300435304641724]
[0.8380947709083557]
[1.5326217412948608]
[5.038278579711914]
[0.30439040064811707]
[1.2073286771774292]
[0.38637837767601013]
[6.99435567855835]
[0.41255950927734375]
[0.438994824886322]
[3.043015241622925]
[0.5732316374778748]
[0.3276556432247162]
[15.408036231994629]
[32.81978225708008]
[0.6912436485290527]
[2.029205560684204]
[0.8671790361404419]
[2.7492263317108154]
[4.707968235015869]
[0.7680577635765076]
[5.642759323120117]
[2.3211662769317627]
[1.8732116222381592]
[0.5887179374694824]
[0.23177285492420197]
[0.48111969232559204]
[0.23440927267074585]
[4.678861618041992]
[5.672301769256592]
[0.6892704963684082]
[0.2768077850341797]
[2.585883378982544]
[5.032039642333984]
[38.5091552734375]
[0.7192367315292358]
[0.8270614147186279]
[2.9987103939056396]
[0.44363072514533997]
[0.6761310696601868]
[0.8031836152076721]
[3.322394609451294]
[1.3473963737487793]
[4.197087287902832]
[9.288851737976074]
[0.3240284323692322]
[14.240520477294922]
[1.5615299940109253]
[0.2778126895427704]
[8.456036567687988]
[17.452085494995117]
[8.066771507263184]
[10.682746887207031]
[0.3131406009197235]
[7.181128025054932]
[1.9393428564071655]
[5.072507381439209]
[8.201757431030273]
[2.336333990097046]
[1.229358434677124]
[6.329229831695557]
[11.291476249694824]
[3.9300785064697266]
[0.2780410349369049]
[14.106829643249512]
[0.7419068813323975]
[0.3469226062297821]
[2.1367850303649902]
[0.5905377864837646]
[20.927167892456055]
[3.6414270401000977]
[2.0594522953033447]
[0.1921159029006958]
[10.1864595413208]
[0.31120240688323975]
[2.2495336532592773]
[4.876779079437256]
[1.8832075595855713]
[4.1666154861450195]
[1.791510820388794]
[1.9684817790985107]
[0.45222538709640503]
[53.23476028442383]
[3.9113757610321045]
[179.71133422851562]
[0.520632266998291]
[2.3450233936309814]
[2.3481993675231934]
[12.681571006774902]
[0.21883602440357208]
[1.6676501035690308]
[10.593585968017578]
[0.2099785953760147]
[0.30780503153800964]
[20.855934143066406]
[0.14720036089420319]
[0.1755576729774475]
[4.768604755401611]
[0.15172018110752106]
[0.2791607677936554]
[0.9239039421081543]
[1.5064181089401245]
[0.1952623426914215]
[0.9746730923652649]
[0.33765551447868347]
[0.10410018265247345]
[0.14608871936798096]
[0.8257935047149658]
[0.5269119143486023]
[0.1664237231016159]
[1.6680362224578857]
[0.6691887378692627]
[1.4998219013214111]
[0.7959259748458862]
[6.90354061126709]
[41.40447235107422]
[7.718410491943359]
[1.3471190929412842]
[0.26146218180656433]
[2.9590752124786377]
[0.8201479315757751]
[0.681608259677887]
[0.21407443284988403]
[0.30714064836502075]
[0.27315202355384827]
[0.22579006850719452]
[1.5531277656555176]
[0.25233137607574463]
[0.8282607793807983]
[1.0919787883758545]
[1.1471593379974365]
[4.86637020111084]
[1.1541486978530884]
[3.3627805709838867]
[8.973588943481445]
[1.6783674955368042]
[1.2747365236282349]
[1.352339744567871]
[20.75554847717285]
[4.369091033935547]
[0.24543258547782898]
[1.1571674346923828]
[0.4317348599433899]
[1.7913429737091064]
[685.33154296875]
[2.822441339492798]
[0.22500358521938324]
[2.904305934906006]
[0.3067406713962555]
[1.2923802137374878]
[0.6005160808563232]
[1.3473715782165527]
[2.7447316646575928]
[1.0447827577590942]
[3.2917091846466064]
[6.819584846496582]
[0.37887418270111084]
[1.1788926124572754]
[5.963199615478516]
[3.792560338973999]
[5.761575222015381]
[1.2726187705993652]
[0.7381208539009094]
[1.0805460214614868]
[27.39227294921875]
[0.483841210603714]
[0.215495303273201]
[0.8965720534324646]
[1.8352161645889282]
[0.19240279495716095]
[19.511518478393555]
[1.9584742784500122]
[0.09718509763479233]
[18.048219680786133]
[0.2069663107395172]
[0.09860207885503769]
[1.3131623268127441]
[1.3857089281082153]
[0.13495706021785736]
[3.1856441497802734]
[1.4527133703231812]
[0.19098004698753357]
[0.9368417263031006]
[0.14846652746200562]
[0.4172533452510834]
[0.2723786532878876]
[1.361802577972412]
[0.656700611114502]
[0.9384374022483826]
[0.16817057132720947]
[51.8969841003418]
[0.2517321705818176]
[1.8974473476409912]
[0.20964962244033813]
[0.15061357617378235]
[17.17285919189453]
[1.0999360084533691]
[0.04081793874502182]
[0.5062963366508484]
[4.391853332519531]
[0.06950169801712036]
[0.1508312076330185]
[1.1323113441467285]
[0.29744869470596313]
[5.974992275238037]
[1.107698917388916]
[8.202335357666016]
[0.8172929883003235]
[1099.334228515625]
[4.614173889160156]
[0.8737953305244446]
[1.1347578763961792]
[0.7299167513847351]
[0.15343564748764038]
[0.17632456123828888]
[0.5578811764717102]
[0.32649680972099304]
[0.19352932274341583]
[378.1224365234375]
[0.8247122168540955]
[0.33606287837028503]
[0.21634015440940857]
[0.4092023968696594]
[1.5538890361785889]
[0.38575971126556396]
[5.946844100952148]
[0.1879945695400238]
[1.3163708448410034]
[0.4214646518230438]
[1.2427273988723755]
[1.0655319690704346]
[0.14843453466892242]
[0.3686310946941376]
[2.411510705947876]
[1.805310845375061]
[6.648602485656738]
[148.5708770751953]
[131.03477478027344]
[0.15734229981899261]
[1.281563401222229]
[63.90187072753906]
[0.6777607798576355]
[2.503481149673462]
[0.1620393991470337]
[0.5627632737159729]
[1.7993539571762085]
[0.33957481384277344]
[0.18806008994579315]
[38.294639587402344]
[1.0979702472686768]
[0.22980457544326782]
[2.479494571685791]
[4.03830099105835]
[5.812619686126709]
[0.6685081720352173]
[0.8836639523506165]
[0.47353264689445496]
[3.3233816623687744]
[0.38757503032684326]
[4.866220474243164]
[17.11426544189453]
[0.7990975975990295]
[0.23768579959869385]
[0.30128705501556396]
[1.8580507040023804]
[0.2995479702949524]
[93.72489166259766]
[0.678907573223114]
[4.307285308837891]
[0.5389645099639893]
[102.83084869384766]
[0.2772505283355713]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.5461578369140625]
[0.3468501567840576]
[7.476011276245117]
[1.1749358177185059]
[7.377282619476318]
[1.248417615890503]
[6.204105854034424]
[0.5622622966766357]
[0.9133087396621704]
[0.5686224699020386]
[0.1189655214548111]
[3.672635078430176]
[553.4815063476562]
[0.2422477751970291]
[1.3875322341918945]
[0.4646190404891968]
[0.7516986727714539]
[2.128844738006592]
[0.6603996157646179]
[1.0609030723571777]
[4.157597541809082]
[1.54569411277771]
[5.420058727264404]
[0.7647626399993896]
[2.41899037361145]
[3.8031058311462402]
[6.945033550262451]
[0.6506751179695129]
[1.0900074243545532]
[0.742964506149292]
[0.9138421416282654]
[1.9799203872680664]
[0.7162286639213562]
[3.815873384475708]
[0.769832968711853]
[5.655656814575195]
[12.001537322998047]
[1.303920030593872]
[30.229482650756836]
[3.67462158203125]
[0.438142865896225]
[5.561884880065918]
[0.21689464151859283]
[2.1876180171966553]
[0.399656742811203]
[0.37377017736434937]
[5.6538286209106445]
[1.1867177486419678]
[0.5654369592666626]
[1.9095286130905151]
[1.8361564874649048]
[0.46922656893730164]
[0.20949909090995789]
[30.565448760986328]
[1.0827467441558838]
[0.6246306896209717]
[0.06146067753434181]
[90.9897232055664]
[109.44200897216797]
[0.37076231837272644]
[9.506121635437012]
[0.7088379859924316]
[0.1323275864124298]
[4.8054962158203125]
[257.41473388671875]
[0.27949321269989014]
[0.1534062623977661]
[1.0507315397262573]
[0.6030012369155884]
[0.38858628273010254]
[0.18996740877628326]
[2.76531982421875]
[3.824061393737793]
[1.8560160398483276]
[5.457248687744141]
[263.763427734375]
[1.3531090021133423]
[0.2487681806087494]
[0.25044238567352295]
[0.36902913451194763]
[1.1666622161865234]
[10.812321662902832]
[1.0932531356811523]
[5.088176250457764]
[0.32001590728759766]
[25.64434051513672]
[40.009666442871094]
[1.4268101453781128]
[20.616714477539062]
[0.6470651030540466]
[0.5697026252746582]
[1.672926425933838]
[0.24734577536582947]
[714.9706420898438]
[0.291655957698822]
[20.233461380004883]
[0.5864875912666321]
[4.052400588989258]
[76.55744934082031]
[0.2808433771133423]
[23.871871948242188]
[0.3362187147140503]
[0.15053671598434448]
[15.14120864868164]
[1.1399983167648315]
[15.266654968261719]
[18.120216369628906]
[0.20473182201385498]
[28.05101776123047]
[8.843645095825195]
[40.117897033691406]
[0.38745757937431335]
[4.169238090515137]
[519.1314697265625]
[0.4586455821990967]
[0.9168172478675842]
[0.3671402335166931]
[0.19334259629249573]
[10.303169250488281]
[1.857397198677063]
[4.054058074951172]
[41.516151428222656]
[16.1138858795166]
[0.7816072702407837]
[0.6410070657730103]
[0.6567927598953247]
[1.810560941696167]
[11.380565643310547]
[8.648428916931152]
[15.138487815856934]
[29.822219848632812]
[4.083136081695557]
[75.58557891845703]
[52.36994552612305]
[25.46009063720703]
[12.096735000610352]
[2.8559865951538086]
[0.05610133334994316]
[3.1441597938537598]
[2.979482650756836]
[5.07846736907959]
[2.24888277053833]
[17.983009338378906]
[6.106868267059326]
[0.19470390677452087]
[0.8927430510520935]
[29.15286636352539]
[1.1778960227966309]
[1.0752320289611816]
[0.3849726915359497]
[7.2422356605529785]
[7.128363609313965]
[0.2418365627527237]
[0.26095783710479736]
[0.5537532567977905]
[22.676828384399414]
[6.51191520690918]
[2.181403398513794]
[20.105871200561523]
[1.0236741304397583]
[41.493202209472656]
[0.9315648674964905]
[2.3418726921081543]
[0.3813040256500244]
[2.8247854709625244]
[1.4330544471740723]
[8.569289207458496]
[689.7933349609375]
[2.1293833255767822]
[2.0198252201080322]
[21.31680679321289]
[2.4045193195343018]
[1.9164035320281982]
[1.7013009786605835]
[4.37136173248291]
[0.6185416579246521]
[2.823592185974121]
[10.690281867980957]
[11.97911262512207]
[7.216873645782471]
[0.26529374718666077]
[23.65422821044922]
[1.6937546730041504]
[0.3475020229816437]
[0.22746816277503967]
[1721.12060546875]
[1.6089375019073486]
[0.15705165266990662]
[0.3810845613479614]
[0.3256778419017792]
[1.5379747152328491]
[0.2330009490251541]
[0.39132586121559143]
[0.8862178921699524]
[59.32080078125]
[0.15174922347068787]
[0.31408074498176575]
[0.3315374255180359]
[6.011955738067627]
[1.018894910812378]
[48.56889724731445]
[108.70165252685547]
[2.524265766143799]
[1.2770411968231201]
[0.34194961190223694]
[3.9251961708068848]
[5.17924690246582]
[0.2591930031776428]
[492.8302001953125]
[3.209470510482788]
[1759.38037109375]
[0.6966322064399719]
[0.5749312043190002]
[16.903118133544922]
[0.1880904585123062]
[84.06268310546875]
[2.0026416778564453]
[1.3591035604476929]
[1.180942177772522]
[0.3504035472869873]
[6.684619903564453]
[3.056037187576294]
[18.361507415771484]
[36.724945068359375]
[0.5378667712211609]
[4.000357151031494]
[1.9265072345733643]
[0.4550074338912964]
[1.8517721891403198]
[2.373704433441162]
[262.0169982910156]
[18.867998123168945]
[4.724032878875732]
[124.50341033935547]
[0.7409237027168274]
[5.333619594573975]
[0.3693044185638428]
[0.7488365769386292]
[6.189797401428223]
[14.886319160461426]
[2.241523265838623]
[5.695765972137451]
[0.766091525554657]
[1.6821399927139282]
[0.8296413421630859]
[0.24861755967140198]
[0.3035050630569458]
[602.6292724609375]
[12.61941146850586]
[0.14370252192020416]
[0.2298341989517212]
[17.320581436157227]
[393.1561279296875]
[2.138141632080078]
[5.6132588386535645]
[0.10774046927690506]
[0.5090633034706116]
[0.5109931230545044]
[3.261918544769287]
[1.2923669815063477]
[0.22867991030216217]
[15.483089447021484]
[50.59458923339844]
[3.6799709796905518]
[0.2989717721939087]
[5.953942775726318]
[0.1624353528022766]
[40.93138885498047]
[1.3202167749404907]
[715.23046875]
[1.0157225131988525]
[0.43013229966163635]
[0.37715330719947815]
[0.6937110424041748]
[1.194881796836853]
[1.4089242219924927]
[0.47468888759613037]
[119.55441284179688]
[0.4361542761325836]
[2.7109265327453613]
[3.22647762298584]
[0.5138250589370728]
[4.664703845977783]
[2.018112897872925]
[2.605238914489746]
[5.445280075073242]
[0.663743257522583]
[0.16165104508399963]
[0.2770528793334961]
[4.1933159828186035]
[47.56424331665039]
[2.137603998184204]
[1.3159631490707397]
[3.235053062438965]
[0.2894833981990814]
[0.22954325377941132]
[27.744421005249023]
[0.1664470136165619]
[1.4375947713851929]
[3.4801714420318604]
[0.18387249112129211]
[6.460124492645264]
[253.02816772460938]
[2.4976935386657715]
[0.11206074059009552]
[15.136592864990234]
[3.5702614784240723]
[0.8438947200775146]
[0.41879644989967346]
[0.19586585462093353]
[1.047149658203125]
[0.7930957078933716]
[0.11581489443778992]
[2.406467914581299]
[0.09891669452190399]
[0.20022478699684143]
[3.6855597496032715]
[1.3952409029006958]
[0.277668833732605]
[0.27713125944137573]
[0.24562235176563263]
[0.3104665279388428]
[0.8561530113220215]
[9.998920440673828]
[9.803413391113281]
[0.1473144292831421]
[2.710233211517334]
[1.160812497138977]
[1.0278699398040771]
[0.5025207996368408]
[0.08953912556171417]
[0.2602233588695526]
[1.7634170055389404]
[0.1405414193868637]
[0.23724153637886047]
[4.3908371925354]
[0.4485751986503601]
[0.08024774491786957]
[1.9654877185821533]
[0.6569539904594421]
[1.064761996269226]
[0.6085194945335388]
[0.2637909948825836]
[3.5253829956054688]
[6.507534980773926]
[0.2798052132129669]
[0.3420538306236267]
[4.792141914367676]
[0.6132040023803711]
[0.12081150710582733]
[0.12860217690467834]
[1.3852630853652954]
[1.4041883945465088]
[0.12796901166439056]
[7.89121150970459]
[0.2729194164276123]
[0.6339805126190186]
[25.100255966186523]
[0.5497970581054688]
[0.15691551566123962]
[2.451833486557007]
[45.7693977355957]
[0.6551957726478577]
[0.6667772531509399]
[0.43288281559944153]
[1.3490972518920898]
[7.025538444519043]
[0.18484896421432495]
[3.221616506576538]
[310.19952392578125]
[0.42404496669769287]
[2.0464091300964355]
[22.725500106811523]
[0.13022688031196594]
[6.14907693862915]
[0.32074475288391113]
[0.975277304649353]
[24.343772888183594]
[1.9249120950698853]
[5.9210896492004395]
[2.949198007583618]
[1.6025400161743164]
[1.8233851194381714]
[0.2368631213903427]
[0.839079737663269]
[0.3269319236278534]
[6.384266376495361]
[6.475285053253174]
[0.25904062390327454]
[1.4168940782546997]
[0.8376947641372681]
[10.160211563110352]
[1.3853154182434082]
[0.5339240431785583]
[2.479574203491211]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[27.438508987426758]
[2.0953893661499023]
[3.3401966094970703]
[13.447307586669922]
[2.8509836196899414]
[0.9789865612983704]
[0.281350702047348]
[0.4717492163181305]
[1.232232928276062]
[48.12473678588867]
[4.222357749938965]
[0.601317822933197]
[0.7191293239593506]
[1.127524733543396]
[26.208478927612305]
[0.42516133189201355]
[0.28074294328689575]
[6.523270130157471]
[18.107744216918945]
[5.513447284698486]
[14.456273078918457]
[0.08570476621389389]
[0.11302521824836731]
[0.43327614665031433]
[1.640120506286621]
[0.27877485752105713]
[0.3006538152694702]
[0.30258214473724365]
[0.25773563981056213]
[0.8510341048240662]
[9.182565689086914]
[31.139673233032227]
[3.1264541149139404]
[0.9099491834640503]
[0.2637102007865906]
[0.3251897096633911]
[0.2875812351703644]
[8.595417022705078]
[2.822901725769043]
[0.3015446066856384]
[0.2855958938598633]
[3.8414390087127686]
[0.2755805552005768]
[0.22513973712921143]
[0.4106265902519226]
[3.785475969314575]
[2.451857805252075]
[2.012601375579834]
[1.0199077129364014]
[97.37269592285156]
[0.23474623262882233]
[1.181652307510376]
[1.734260082244873]
[2.3738105297088623]
[0.38549599051475525]
[1.3722221851348877]
[0.24520321190357208]
[0.5614230632781982]
[0.1280285269021988]
[286.5829162597656]
[2.56687593460083]
[0.48826178908348083]
[200.39144897460938]
[1.7350109815597534]
[0.6675989031791687]
[2.1121299266815186]
[9.781195640563965]
[0.6585718393325806]
[468.42364501953125]
[2.1617119312286377]
[1.1671562194824219]
[0.24355947971343994]
[0.3202529847621918]
[1.4492346048355103]
[12.263341903686523]
[0.25652453303337097]
[15.527645111083984]
[0.33235007524490356]
[0.2695065140724182]
[21.190824508666992]
[6.941639423370361]
[0.8057191371917725]
[2.3495664596557617]
[9.493985176086426]
[0.5535144209861755]
[0.3648033142089844]
[0.2617604732513428]
[4.76626443862915]
[0.8108204007148743]
[0.49848851561546326]
[0.9223731756210327]
[0.6467590928077698]
[1.343393087387085]
[211.6317901611328]
[0.3614406883716583]
[9.673221588134766]
[2.7779126167297363]
[0.3094917833805084]
[0.734968364238739]
[0.28495869040489197]
[3.3301403522491455]
[0.5141023397445679]
[7.129493236541748]
[0.9434942007064819]
[1.2957777976989746]
[2.5796709060668945]
[0.5064626932144165]
[1.9135055541992188]
[0.21549639105796814]
[0.7643083333969116]
[0.5759501457214355]
[20.4783992767334]
[0.1290837526321411]
[0.278369277715683]
[0.17378191649913788]
[0.5578510165214539]
[3.386364459991455]
[1.5762648582458496]
[0.16301694512367249]
[1.000992774963379]
[0.16954319179058075]
[2.4485437870025635]
[2.503843069076538]
[5.0469183921813965]
[1.1598443984985352]
[0.43990424275398254]
[1.1873276233673096]
[0.37471485137939453]
[0.1419387310743332]
[0.3806006908416748]
[0.5646504759788513]
[0.15607288479804993]
[0.38764309883117676]
[0.1028766930103302]
[13.101558685302734]
[0.5456726551055908]
[0.25059348344802856]
[1.4714030027389526]
[1.22422456741333]
[5.297531604766846]
[1.8542075157165527]
[13.173233985900879]
[0.8198157548904419]
[0.10277272015810013]
[0.7574610114097595]
[0.1122954934835434]
[0.15214772522449493]
[0.3397596776485443]
[0.13111555576324463]
[0.9836723804473877]
[0.6169458627700806]
[0.11306865513324738]
[0.49276185035705566]
[22.436323165893555]
[27.815935134887695]
[0.18751472234725952]
[1.2991832494735718]
[3.2667291164398193]
[0.13665615022182465]
[0.17591530084609985]
[1.9159972667694092]
[0.1521083116531372]
[3.3773138523101807]
[21.134347915649414]
[0.2771202027797699]
[0.20087870955467224]
[1.2205781936645508]
[12.766474723815918]
[2.8867597579956055]
[9.118880271911621]
[1.1831660270690918]
[0.17919310927391052]
[1.7205538749694824]
[0.1123165637254715]
[1.186007022857666]
[1.4708895683288574]
[23.666231155395508]
[0.15368066728115082]
[0.7537394165992737]
[2.137235641479492]
[142.25985717773438]
[0.2279653400182724]
[1.7582745552062988]
[22.95795249938965]
[0.09602925926446915]
[1.4205363988876343]
[26.8183536529541]
[0.6868518590927124]
[56.165550231933594]
[0.2351170927286148]
[2.4667012691497803]
[0.5209231972694397]
[0.6120325326919556]
[0.2236768901348114]
[0.4603560268878937]
[0.07799751311540604]
[0.5592840313911438]
[0.654345691204071]
[0.16204288601875305]
[1.0034223794937134]
[11.09292221069336]
[0.9879152774810791]
[5.064990520477295]
[0.7214151620864868]
[0.10887033492326736]
[11.336661338806152]
[0.5562726855278015]
[0.1641208827495575]
[0.11545147001743317]
[0.45310723781585693]
[0.3745386600494385]
[1.1074907779693604]
[0.09896983951330185]
[0.13498225808143616]
[2.302776575088501]
[1.8661179542541504]
[0.5640362501144409]
[0.1838836520910263]
[134.61058044433594]
[11.078790664672852]
[21.511865615844727]
[0.6919457316398621]
[0.6019187569618225]
[0.5149118900299072]
[0.12788446247577667]
[1.744736909866333]
[0.4157898426055908]
[7.5401177406311035]
[7.6928019523620605]
[4.452819347381592]
[0.5395294427871704]
[18.79181671142578]
[10.530954360961914]
[0.08592244237661362]
[0.1646728366613388]
[8.190877914428711]
[0.22108815610408783]
[0.18137489259243011]
[0.1816663146018982]
[0.12347466498613358]
[6.00471305847168]
[0.20431165397167206]
[4.59465217590332]
[1.6751855611801147]
[20.904573440551758]
[0.5708973407745361]
[5.913708686828613]
[0.9826902151107788]
[0.3482876718044281]
[0.08028721809387207]
[0.13191933929920197]
[0.28157421946525574]
[0.45830237865448]
[0.11567320674657822]
[0.5828983783721924]
[15.692038536071777]
[0.3333170413970947]
[0.47380897402763367]
[84.7052230834961]
[3.208064079284668]
[7.414850234985352]
[2.2778475284576416]
[1.4867985248565674]
[1.1653803586959839]
[3.5873184204101562]
[6.080300331115723]
[0.08898908644914627]
[52.482975006103516]
[0.10155022889375687]
[8.85870361328125]
[0.400718092918396]
[2.2432689666748047]
[1.463505744934082]
[0.6596325039863586]
[0.16694320738315582]
[2.9539597034454346]
[1.1856266260147095]
[1.0371968746185303]
[0.7025907635688782]
[8.035902976989746]
[1.8191936016082764]
[1.9176002740859985]
[23.517724990844727]
[7.379497528076172]
[9.168317794799805]
[0.33459392189979553]
[2.4238977432250977]
[2.219839572906494]
[1.5881696939468384]
[1.6646971702575684]
[1.3527072668075562]
[0.37722569704055786]
[0.2624559700489044]
[4.051071643829346]
[0.3321239948272705]
[0.21740251779556274]
[2.682990789413452]
[0.19734008610248566]
[0.890240490436554]
[2.2946479320526123]
[0.1786358654499054]
[0.7894278764724731]
[2.7910070419311523]
[2.6887001991271973]
[0.10383491218090057]
[2.6641323566436768]
[0.19365379214286804]
[5.331662654876709]
[0.15362559258937836]
[0.8679569959640503]
[0.29888689517974854]
[2.915283441543579]
[0.17149947583675385]
[25.404359817504883]
[11.203865051269531]
[0.33433300256729126]
[0.9060821533203125]
[1.5660154819488525]
[0.5210921764373779]
[1.278207778930664]
[181.94110107421875]
[1.0386158227920532]
[1.3208564519882202]
[1.6504005193710327]
[6.78447151184082]
[3.1198618412017822]
[0.21495701372623444]
[199.0906982421875]
[4.644498348236084]
[1.1859596967697144]
[0.7414433360099792]
[0.19532440602779388]
[1.570115089416504]
[0.1326841413974762]
[2.220729112625122]
[3.1038925647735596]
[10.871613502502441]
[0.09387920051813126]
[3.8627939224243164]
[1.4537453651428223]
[1.0162529945373535]
[0.08955961465835571]
[10.200172424316406]
[0.15353748202323914]
[39.7315559387207]
[1.0965948104858398]
[0.1823512613773346]
[1.1501929759979248]
[20.272571563720703]
[1.299166202545166]
[0.32492420077323914]
[1.0364669561386108]
[1.1232798099517822]
[4.283026695251465]
[1.0171180963516235]
[2.0473344326019287]
[7.7654876708984375]
[224.95907592773438]
[0.6733942627906799]
[0.7515143752098083]
[2.3763136863708496]
[3.5548489093780518]
[0.17126823961734772]
[7.2278571128845215]
[1.3334028720855713]
[3.60728120803833]
[1.8635852336883545]
[1.1838523149490356]
[0.3411189317703247]
[0.41787445545196533]
[1.6417895555496216]
[2.497286081314087]
[100.83056640625]
[15.897730827331543]
[4.851846694946289]
[0.3096347749233246]
[2.4054744243621826]
[0.2858923077583313]
[0.23781558871269226]
[13.761438369750977]
[0.6857997179031372]
[34.81843185424805]
[1.068567156791687]
[0.9636474847793579]
[9.244178771972656]
[0.1855030208826065]
[26.22393798828125]
[0.14105665683746338]
[0.6656627655029297]
[0.7710732221603394]
[34.25556945800781]
[1.2190794944763184]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[5.544411659240723]
[95.25057983398438]
[4.390436172485352]
[2.020162582397461]
[0.2416895478963852]
[12.739899635314941]
[0.6753296852111816]
[0.06449995189905167]
[1.1054093837738037]
[25.093019485473633]
[0.13877259194850922]
[0.2701164186000824]
[3.6954174041748047]
[0.8064940571784973]
[0.47260811924934387]
[0.25321629643440247]
[0.1264917254447937]
[1.1327956914901733]
[1.8549160957336426]
[1.0598435401916504]
[0.28501588106155396]
[0.6115649342536926]
[0.18253614008426666]
[0.5298589468002319]
[3.133150339126587]
[0.6407814025878906]
[0.28352785110473633]
[5.78859806060791]
[0.17581865191459656]
[0.4766959249973297]
[3.5946238040924072]
[1.459449052810669]
[83.9884262084961]
[0.13282129168510437]
[0.19525966048240662]
[0.12202838063240051]
[0.2017711102962494]
[0.10067936033010483]
[0.2132413536310196]
[0.23896844685077667]
[0.671394407749176]
[0.24537745118141174]
[0.4708133935928345]
[0.547443687915802]
[0.28025656938552856]
[1.5657532215118408]
[25.394174575805664]
[5.8179931640625]
[0.40331390500068665]
[0.2760393023490906]
[0.719276487827301]
[9.51609992980957]
[18.88917350769043]
[0.48732757568359375]
[0.16306756436824799]
[0.16003555059432983]
[0.18539310991764069]
[0.8829752206802368]
[0.15080894529819489]
[0.5674082636833191]
[0.2333226203918457]
[292.933837890625]
[1.3071670532226562]
[0.5532472133636475]
[29.162925720214844]
[0.16424418985843658]
[7.126319408416748]
[0.1369156390428543]
[1.1526275873184204]
[1.602998971939087]
[1.6071898937225342]
[14.471829414367676]
[464.7196350097656]
[0.20532377064228058]
[0.3047136962413788]
[0.3794865012168884]
[7.947969913482666]
[0.2445208728313446]
[0.7802774906158447]
[2.3468124866485596]
[5.294549942016602]
[0.7894518971443176]
[0.6305307149887085]
[0.38476863503456116]
[0.642041027545929]
[391.0977478027344]
[8.835265159606934]
[0.29217320680618286]
[1.2660837173461914]
[0.18148334324359894]
[0.4558587372303009]
[10.763801574707031]
[0.8525049090385437]
[2.9603350162506104]
[1.587446928024292]
[0.5067289471626282]
[0.2290968894958496]
[1.1812336444854736]
[0.14427503943443298]
[5.266320705413818]
[30.583242416381836]
[2.42063045501709]
[1.2382032871246338]
[0.7297258973121643]
[7.424013137817383]
[0.605717658996582]
[1.4926801919937134]
[0.13231973350048065]
[16.261474609375]
[0.5719926357269287]
[1.7297241687774658]
[0.8950775265693665]
[2.0158300399780273]
[0.820690393447876]
[23.384876251220703]
[0.1789606809616089]
[0.23972244560718536]
[23.641807556152344]
[1.1924042701721191]
[0.14113782346248627]
[8.239339828491211]
[19.547510147094727]
[0.7597697973251343]
[1.4746626615524292]
[1.0535351037979126]
[0.4903630316257477]
[2.461759090423584]
[0.2558808922767639]
[0.5555363893508911]
[2.7053494453430176]
[0.2783249616622925]
[0.2724801003932953]
[0.9322646856307983]
[0.5736445784568787]
[0.22160592675209045]
[0.9327266812324524]
[7.258600234985352]
[0.2941175401210785]
[0.1092601791024208]
[0.508488655090332]
[0.132621631026268]
[0.2319810539484024]
[0.2750574052333832]
[0.30267998576164246]
[3.2307698726654053]
[1.5640934705734253]
[0.46985870599746704]
[0.24816106259822845]
[1.5984386205673218]
[0.5270390510559082]
[0.43022578954696655]
[0.5599297285079956]
[190.07469177246094]
[0.6932309865951538]
[0.5984302759170532]
[1.020941138267517]
[0.20174121856689453]
[6.880228042602539]
[0.16660024225711823]
[0.6970849633216858]
[21.183826446533203]
[1.2658764123916626]
[4.855198860168457]
[2.6147947311401367]
[0.5013591647148132]
[0.5611869692802429]
[0.5372258424758911]
[0.6229934096336365]
[12.886999130249023]
[1.886263132095337]
[1.7164098024368286]
[0.1551104336977005]
[0.612567663192749]
[0.12125547230243683]
[3.4825003147125244]
[0.9350707530975342]
[0.6660330891609192]
[3.6593267917633057]
[0.05515651777386665]
[0.16966262459754944]
[3.0817501544952393]
[1.1348243951797485]
[10.802070617675781]
[3.128669500350952]
[0.3216995596885681]
[1.2603718042373657]
[0.29091721773147583]
[0.19855834543704987]
[0.2965102791786194]
[0.3641050457954407]
[0.5623893737792969]
[0.2086942344903946]
[1.2634849548339844]
[0.19283893704414368]
[0.17124532163143158]
[0.7798980474472046]
[0.18771204352378845]
[0.18466681241989136]
[2.0084760189056396]
[3.4965813159942627]
[1.19524347782135]
[0.1458381712436676]
[0.24504037201404572]
[0.6092952489852905]
[0.3113938868045807]
[0.11319832503795624]
[180.01699829101562]
[0.27875813841819763]
[1.1911391019821167]
[0.1225045844912529]
[0.39990442991256714]
[0.5345747470855713]
[0.9570066928863525]
[0.5324151515960693]
[32.09968948364258]
[0.20754359662532806]
[1.1827393770217896]
[1.2054508924484253]
[0.7847345471382141]
[0.1835848093032837]
[2.029334783554077]
[0.1851993203163147]
[23.014423370361328]
[79.36975860595703]
[1.2213940620422363]
[0.21219410002231598]
[0.3513695001602173]
[0.8330269455909729]
[0.6414127349853516]
[2.7597570419311523]
[20.730201721191406]
[1.0256472826004028]
[312.2552795410156]
[1.7300108671188354]
[0.2022538036108017]
[1.148940086364746]
[0.16985593736171722]
[1.3855161666870117]
[0.5803400874137878]
[7.096067428588867]
[0.5082311630249023]
[0.3973640203475952]
[0.18767231702804565]
[0.7069432139396667]
[0.3780580759048462]
[0.5257466435432434]
[0.091487817466259]
[0.11267834901809692]
[7.379042148590088]
[1.243011713027954]
[2.6561672687530518]
[4.055312633514404]
[0.09533032774925232]
[6.817212104797363]
[19.268470764160156]
[4.235970497131348]
[0.30234667658805847]
[8.616698265075684]
[2.9644885063171387]
[5.969412326812744]
[0.40749576687812805]
[1.2579535245895386]
[0.5037624835968018]
[0.417999804019928]
[0.9915837049484253]
[2.7793688774108887]
[1.5972373485565186]
[0.47806939482688904]
[1.269738793373108]
[0.15240368247032166]
[0.3592718243598938]
[1.8418409824371338]
[1.6157922744750977]
[0.12854669988155365]
[0.15559031069278717]
[1.053513765335083]
[1.3773666620254517]
[75.10822296142578]
[0.38139456510543823]
[5.650820255279541]
[0.19348737597465515]
[0.2902606427669525]
[0.5456749200820923]
[0.1390630006790161]
[0.6715561747550964]
[0.09311135113239288]
[0.3437303900718689]
[0.12038768827915192]
[0.1504455804824829]
[0.23196132481098175]
[0.13422554731369019]
[186.54510498046875]
[1.648215651512146]
[2.6038849353790283]
[0.7252696752548218]
[51.55995559692383]
[1.0080056190490723]
[4.400400161743164]
[0.14283081889152527]
[0.18242530524730682]
[0.700835645198822]
[1.1387219429016113]
[1.0023186206817627]
[0.21364234387874603]
[0.7114316821098328]
[0.1628950536251068]
[62.954532623291016]
[1.6254057884216309]
[0.1363552361726761]
[0.14452791213989258]
[2.297093152999878]
[9.185561180114746]
[0.1546100676059723]
[0.15145212411880493]
[0.05584137141704559]
[0.20395375788211823]
[0.2118694931268692]
[0.11531475931406021]
[8.472412109375]
[9.162942886352539]
[1.0797899961471558]
[12.867868423461914]
[4.775002956390381]
[0.39703768491744995]
[0.28167906403541565]
[0.8210492134094238]
[1.1341034173965454]
[10.98031234741211]
[0.8867385983467102]
[0.12231925129890442]
[0.7097523212432861]
[0.13895200192928314]
[0.12031249701976776]
[1.3683173656463623]
[1.6752939224243164]
[0.061451420187950134]
[1.1982721090316772]
[0.15051428973674774]
[0.12200167030096054]
[4.704695224761963]
[290.2804870605469]
[0.1432521790266037]
[0.17490944266319275]
[13.082732200622559]
[0.3991841971874237]
[5.703688144683838]
[153.99618530273438]
[1.349339485168457]
[0.13018403947353363]
[0.12282291054725647]
[0.18875360488891602]
[0.24336473643779755]
[3.756171226501465]
[0.32160553336143494]
[0.04794154688715935]
[0.25424864888191223]
[0.7036354541778564]
[0.15010510385036469]
[0.2565753757953644]
[0.12763352692127228]
[1.5229073762893677]
[0.652239203453064]
[1.2277649641036987]
[0.45599424839019775]
[1.397426724433899]
[1.2306694984436035]
[0.9673560857772827]
[0.07492244988679886]
[0.5127300024032593]
[0.3875739574432373]
[0.8677850961685181]
[2.5738701820373535]
[3.117377519607544]
[10.358181953430176]
[0.20335352420806885]
[15.901180267333984]
[175.16021728515625]
[0.5276477336883545]
[0.14439095556735992]
[9.086082458496094]
[0.3670221269130707]
[0.985298752784729]
[0.4270133972167969]
[1.9634474515914917]
[0.6417129635810852]
[102.78093719482422]
[30.846097946166992]
[0.30516281723976135]
[0.6933214664459229]
[2.517287492752075]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.424569129943848]
[7.507424354553223]
[0.14081959426403046]
[1.972542405128479]
[8.437175750732422]
[138.7719268798828]
[123.76280212402344]
[0.16338756680488586]
[0.46756890416145325]
[1.1411752700805664]
[3.5193493366241455]
[1.1737658977508545]
[1.0514837503433228]
[0.059084367007017136]
[0.6036931872367859]
[4.226390838623047]
[0.3272910714149475]
[0.30926892161369324]
[1.3162047863006592]
[54.106727600097656]
[9.050616264343262]
[0.5783601403236389]
[0.19463151693344116]
[0.3606880307197571]
[1.851475715637207]
[0.7394109964370728]
[3.8965694904327393]
[0.2997512221336365]
[0.6952173113822937]
[15.914575576782227]
[3.360642671585083]
[1.3833732604980469]
[0.08134866505861282]
[0.12494058907032013]
[0.6191063523292542]
[0.12873385846614838]
[4.309118270874023]
[3.517751455307007]
[0.7425984740257263]
[0.5035027265548706]
[0.7788527607917786]
[0.719562292098999]
[1.3910304307937622]
[0.15861152112483978]
[0.6059414744377136]
[16.585186004638672]
[0.17578983306884766]
[0.768157422542572]
[0.5156499743461609]
[0.8742231130599976]
[0.2900756001472473]
[6.363461494445801]
[1.5708264112472534]
[1.275509238243103]
[0.8688313364982605]
[0.41777050495147705]
[1.0526679754257202]
[0.31234124302864075]
[0.30791398882865906]
[194.7274169921875]
[0.807295024394989]
[0.4342937767505646]
[0.13038529455661774]
[0.32130640745162964]
[0.16483062505722046]
[1.7382688522338867]
[0.2525275945663452]
[4.320333480834961]
[7.699687957763672]
[5.7698750495910645]
[1.0596410036087036]
[0.26616886258125305]
[1.212520718574524]
[9.908324241638184]
[0.1723858267068863]
[181.82794189453125]
[5.046642303466797]
[0.9518409967422485]
[0.19483210146427155]
[26.2788028717041]
[0.2594545781612396]
[0.08022987097501755]
[0.10884213447570801]
[0.5291548371315002]
[0.13832774758338928]
[2.8982863426208496]
[0.9047591686248779]
[0.40920743346214294]
[0.4434887766838074]
[13.618435859680176]
[1.3546069860458374]
[0.11174152046442032]
[2.3016979694366455]
[0.2580591142177582]
[2.193033456802368]
[0.44323742389678955]
[1.9126195907592773]
[0.1838713139295578]
[0.17011432349681854]
[6.911402702331543]
[0.9848062992095947]
[10.309649467468262]
[0.08165690302848816]
[2.394116163253784]
[0.12159550935029984]
[0.10195138305425644]
[0.4602467715740204]
[0.07940810918807983]
[0.19702959060668945]
[7.968319892883301]
[12.211834907531738]
[0.1477949023246765]
[0.14463534951210022]
[14.861724853515625]
[0.5350795388221741]
[0.1145060658454895]
[0.21789661049842834]
[1.3252437114715576]
[0.37574976682662964]
[0.26380062103271484]
[1.0578781366348267]
[3.054685354232788]
[1.3458120822906494]
[1.2854176759719849]
[0.0748782530426979]
[0.39891812205314636]
[0.2667102515697479]
[3.4049148559570312]
[0.15626537799835205]
[0.1493602991104126]
[0.12346979975700378]
[1026.1826171875]
[4.353738784790039]
[3.07919979095459]
[0.14940018951892853]
[999.2930297851562]
[1.9920824766159058]
[1.002318024635315]
[1.0259982347488403]
[0.9754582047462463]
[0.12765797972679138]
[0.5142792463302612]
[0.32433050870895386]
[4.796579360961914]
[0.9687425494194031]
[53.8525390625]
[37.57466506958008]
[0.48787322640419006]
[1.623854637145996]
[0.18562522530555725]
[0.1477692574262619]
[1.6947979927062988]
[0.5196900367736816]
[0.7895610332489014]
[0.7812442779541016]
[343.5672912597656]
[1.2811154127120972]
[22.22103500366211]
[0.8692638874053955]
[1.0360850095748901]
[12.6729154586792]
[0.6133102774620056]
[1.0686999559402466]
[1.5079734325408936]
[0.28336039185523987]
[43.82749938964844]
[0.4668886661529541]
[23.055418014526367]
[38.312042236328125]
[6.129770278930664]
[0.7988911271095276]
[12.038646697998047]
[0.9770357012748718]
[1.7862263917922974]
[3.2687432765960693]
[0.14541567862033844]
[1.1616084575653076]
[24.812463760375977]
[1.2806594371795654]
[2.1760947704315186]
[4.838427543640137]
[0.08893435448408127]
[0.5008878111839294]
[0.44811785221099854]
[0.9497130513191223]
[28.362672805786133]
[23.16546058654785]
[7.896246433258057]
[0.441463440656662]
[40.344215393066406]
[0.4601249694824219]
[0.22978034615516663]
[0.12893997132778168]
[1.5548758506774902]
[2.857145071029663]
[0.2875705063343048]
[2.2602648735046387]
[1.8815035820007324]
[0.35101521015167236]
[1.6504602432250977]
[2.430377244949341]
[3.9407546520233154]
[6.122693061828613]
[290.4429626464844]
[1.3790169954299927]
[8.203293800354004]
[2.7143542766571045]
[0.3839416801929474]
[3.532266855239868]
[3.7196357250213623]
[1.026590347290039]
[0.3528100550174713]
[4060.054931640625]
[0.8243590593338013]
[0.4148883819580078]
[0.5216540694236755]
[1.3491613864898682]
[5.934755802154541]
[0.8085559010505676]
[9.632936477661133]
[1.1208137273788452]
[13.862873077392578]
[1.0741853713989258]
[0.9770088195800781]
[173.3115234375]
[2.6424639225006104]
[4.288239479064941]
[2.798431634902954]
[3.212135076522827]
[0.9276725649833679]
[1.3539564609527588]
[3.2358670234680176]
[9.934908866882324]
[4.388995170593262]
[0.8862946033477783]
[0.1695931851863861]
[2.176994562149048]
[17.540647506713867]
[6.574580669403076]
[6.92519474029541]
[3.1055784225463867]
[0.7709476947784424]
[1.0095558166503906]
[63.82427215576172]
[5.902369499206543]
[51859.37109375]
[0.3975294232368469]
[58.856201171875]
[6.90583610534668]
[11.779284477233887]
[2.5489280223846436]
[1.1585791110992432]
[1.0176422595977783]
[28.356773376464844]
[1.5001311302185059]
[21.184040069580078]
[2908.682861328125]
[44.531063079833984]
[1648.2059326171875]
[3.6624722480773926]
[8.773452758789062]
[1.46135675907135]
[0.14940258860588074]
[14.188159942626953]
[317.22906494140625]
[3.5978522300720215]
[4.2479352951049805]
[0.4909738302230835]
[1.304712176322937]
[734.90576171875]
[0.33849456906318665]
[1.3943917751312256]
[0.3721948266029358]
[1.992944359779358]
[6.928146839141846]
[3.664555549621582]
[1.5742589235305786]
[12.410688400268555]
[7.175848007202148]
[6.406440258026123]
[0.49199798703193665]
[1.431264042854309]
[1.337152361869812]
[0.8138101100921631]
[152.76840209960938]
[0.8066035509109497]
[0.37960970401763916]
[46.89805221557617]
[1.8909231424331665]
[0.5784238576889038]
[0.3241112530231476]
[0.23057061433792114]
[0.5208064913749695]
[1.5366816520690918]
[0.3201104998588562]
[1.1653738021850586]
[0.9462468028068542]
[0.1661868542432785]
[0.15484151244163513]
[1.2838966846466064]
[5.911263942718506]
[0.9923417568206787]
[0.4538426995277405]
[2.4084017276763916]
[11.37786865234375]
[1.3777285814285278]
[1.3172633647918701]
[0.4596377909183502]
[1.5287381410598755]
[75.83897399902344]
[0.11156325042247772]
[2.029268264770508]
[12.955527305603027]
[0.3922727704048157]
[1.4012707471847534]
[0.4531943202018738]
[3.45210337638855]
[13.284687042236328]
[1.136214017868042]
[0.3585534989833832]
[0.2555712163448334]
[0.22318722307682037]
[4.33490514755249]
[0.5801374316215515]
[6.1373419761657715]
[0.1860169917345047]
[0.18961940705776215]
[80.30858612060547]
[2.5085670948028564]
[5.7827653884887695]
[0.37073639035224915]
[1.6663329601287842]
[0.47267305850982666]
[1.7648371458053589]
[0.8079016804695129]
[3.1673049926757812]
[0.7161563038825989]
[0.3336276113986969]
[0.5109459161758423]
[10.276008605957031]
[3.922130823135376]
[38.03587341308594]
[2.31685209274292]
[3.0179076194763184]
[0.23169851303100586]
[0.4874034821987152]
[5.569331645965576]
[0.4673091769218445]
[1.9460787773132324]
[0.4841824471950531]
[0.8196672797203064]
[54.79404830932617]
[2.94504451751709]
[0.5155475735664368]
[1.4895222187042236]
[3.756974458694458]
[2.1237053871154785]
[0.3813909888267517]
[0.7887019515037537]
[0.5734139084815979]
[1.8637319803237915]
[0.4489487111568451]
[52.263511657714844]
[0.9161435961723328]
[0.9765321612358093]
[1.2873300313949585]
[1.1715083122253418]
[0.8340705037117004]
[1.698448896408081]
[10.426527976989746]
[1.02730131149292]
[0.5592992305755615]
[1.6512333154678345]
[1.792967677116394]
[7.436807632446289]
[3.6054415702819824]
[232.89324951171875]
[11.902909278869629]
[0.19186414778232574]
[11.726841926574707]
[0.5101051330566406]
[1.1847894191741943]
[1.4351212978363037]
[0.5973729491233826]
[38.33369064331055]
[70.43450927734375]
[0.5276877880096436]
[2.341841459274292]
[1.8400682210922241]
[2.587496042251587]
[0.23898711800575256]
[0.5570763349533081]
[0.4427630305290222]
[1.484352707862854]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.8956066370010376]
[2.9330074787139893]
[1.8875343799591064]
[0.5520292520523071]
[0.5067166686058044]
[0.7798551917076111]
[0.8085885047912598]
[0.9841657876968384]
[1.1489307880401611]
[0.9126004576683044]
[58.568241119384766]
[0.29352280497550964]
[0.8873867988586426]
[0.9771565198898315]
[0.895060658454895]
[1.6183639764785767]
[0.242820143699646]
[24.9532527923584]
[0.20199055969715118]
[3.699151039123535]
[36.50516891479492]
[0.5037513971328735]
[1.1275852918624878]
[1.3319720029830933]
[0.16701839864253998]
[0.20132426917552948]
[15.548440933227539]
[1.6576937437057495]
[0.5103342533111572]
[0.3311383128166199]
[1.4471317529678345]
[2.175098180770874]
[0.09920798242092133]
[2.215702772140503]
[8.8196439743042]
[0.15967687964439392]
[1.55161452293396]
[0.8618959188461304]
[4.8888373374938965]
[3.897350788116455]
[0.1053607389330864]
[0.16951601207256317]
[2.0444657802581787]
[0.35584011673927307]
[1.243518590927124]
[0.36040225625038147]
[7.864930629730225]
[6.723602771759033]
[8.014286041259766]
[1.0840156078338623]
[1.1536401510238647]
[8.479941368103027]
[0.07478109002113342]
[0.140130877494812]
[1.7632381916046143]
[0.953477144241333]
[0.7815597057342529]
[1.0689243078231812]
[1.5960348844528198]
[0.12247221171855927]
[8.948761940002441]
[7.429636001586914]
[0.14862345159053802]
[0.7464419603347778]
[1.1229259967803955]
[1.5818541049957275]
[0.3435615599155426]
[0.27930179238319397]
[0.3016621470451355]
[1.891699194908142]
[1.3922266960144043]
[0.36390888690948486]
[1.099897861480713]
[0.15077249705791473]
[0.2613048255443573]
[0.454916775226593]
[0.18766410648822784]
[1.2212265729904175]
[7.266695499420166]
[1.2384467124938965]
[0.38946065306663513]
[0.15492430329322815]
[0.14302568137645721]
[2.451748847961426]
[1.0069634914398193]
[2.391211986541748]
[0.2005065530538559]
[0.8032852411270142]
[0.06566981226205826]
[1.3788145780563354]
[0.4688478112220764]
[0.6071573495864868]
[1.312650442123413]
[20.794811248779297]
[16.824533462524414]
[4.094810962677002]
[1.3552638292312622]
[0.15225885808467865]
[0.9198470115661621]
[1.1499147415161133]
[3.3637337684631348]
[11239.10546875]
[0.8674370050430298]
[0.12631355226039886]
[0.7752985954284668]
[0.8878971934318542]
[170.94761657714844]
[0.2866896390914917]
[7.074554920196533]
[148.54705810546875]
[0.24756132066249847]
[9.051328659057617]
[1.1961162090301514]
[0.2147921919822693]
[2.151885747909546]
[2.7124009132385254]
[69.76763153076172]
[1.0573229789733887]
[44.955318450927734]
[0.4537409245967865]
[4.995602130889893]
[0.15074455738067627]
[5.50947380065918]
[2.9063446521759033]
[10.030531883239746]
[56.57145690917969]
[2.136702537536621]
[55.356014251708984]
[0.8131178021430969]
[35.820953369140625]
[0.07361675798892975]
[0.14607198536396027]
[11.373665809631348]
[4.176717758178711]
[5.181108474731445]
[0.16922420263290405]
[0.24262312054634094]
[0.22195285558700562]
[209.92306518554688]
[2.8325653076171875]
[4.761722087860107]
[0.5090153217315674]
[1.645362377166748]
[0.24112436175346375]
[14.72348403930664]
[1.0697078704833984]
[0.3152875602245331]
[0.43566402792930603]
[31.725929260253906]
[1.4774491786956787]
[0.29692190885543823]
[10.726767539978027]
[0.31967732310295105]
[1.6962611675262451]
[2.212938070297241]
[0.31167322397232056]
[1.0946135520935059]
[31.81060791015625]
[0.8833762407302856]
[0.3233721852302551]
[1.3779633045196533]
[2.7688958644866943]
[25.753671646118164]
[0.14933322370052338]
[2.545691967010498]
[4.884022235870361]
[0.2124607115983963]
[1.7571262121200562]
[2.3699984550476074]
[17.36054039001465]
[148.13369750976562]
[12.585136413574219]
[20.406389236450195]
[0.3754843473434448]
[56.970394134521484]
[3.8452014923095703]
[2.0932016372680664]
[0.4007217288017273]
[1.2774568796157837]
[6885.6064453125]
[0.5535203218460083]
[7.878300666809082]
[17.34490394592285]
[2.3320438861846924]
[2.0035550594329834]
[0.44802191853523254]
[1.0367484092712402]
[0.17143705487251282]
[0.9268404245376587]
[1.5990703105926514]
[0.5968869924545288]
[3.226242780685425]
[0.41942188143730164]
[0.5146436095237732]
[2.2544052600860596]
[1.3767584562301636]
[0.45433521270751953]
[0.7933696508407593]
[16.097074508666992]
[16.42786407470703]
[1.355567216873169]
[0.24349483847618103]
[0.8209316730499268]
[0.43705862760543823]
[1.2954517602920532]
[0.35899367928504944]
[11.81610107421875]
[10.351378440856934]
[1.5807960033416748]
[19.53721046447754]
[2.4416985511779785]
[0.9037089347839355]
[3.845557928085327]
[2.3407883644104004]
[120.41227722167969]
[0.9936103224754333]
[12.825645446777344]
[0.46412402391433716]
[2.095283031463623]
[0.1391112059354782]
[0.27223584055900574]
[1.8379151821136475]
[2.496025323867798]
[9.274316787719727]
[4.300897121429443]
[0.4689424932003021]
[0.4195804297924042]
[2265.831787109375]
[1.6550695896148682]
[0.20050588250160217]
[0.8410923480987549]
[0.26829367876052856]
[0.3209492862224579]
[6.781659126281738]
[2.483264207839966]
[0.6933920979499817]
[3.347564697265625]
[2.499691963195801]
[25.641338348388672]
[4.4652628898620605]
[1.2573950290679932]
[14.545563697814941]
[0.39545634388923645]
[15.684051513671875]
[445.19195556640625]
[1.2798081636428833]
[0.19591733813285828]
[9.701006889343262]
[0.9055836200714111]
[0.3184612989425659]
[18.073474884033203]
[21.479110717773438]
[0.41663482785224915]
[1.1452995538711548]
[12.517197608947754]
[0.26030176877975464]
[0.4027555584907532]
[16.997182846069336]
[1.1530730724334717]
[2684.8310546875]
[17.35095977783203]
[3.384587287902832]
[1.1996055841445923]
[2.333347797393799]
[9.211441993713379]
[1.479293942451477]
[1.2978733777999878]
[0.971680760383606]
[0.6978211998939514]
[1.1082167625427246]
[480.4649658203125]
[12.326855659484863]
[51.15143585205078]
[0.6466506123542786]
[222.15151977539062]
[2.2272307872772217]
[0.27814534306526184]
[0.26369717717170715]
[1.1929652690887451]
[0.8269317746162415]
[0.24343183636665344]
[0.8904985189437866]
[195.97894287109375]
[0.13778947293758392]
[4.0005106925964355]
[0.7104710936546326]
[4.122652053833008]
[1.6438251733779907]
[1.6344698667526245]
[13.815155982971191]
[56.714962005615234]
[0.21423327922821045]
[29.880664825439453]
[2.5535173416137695]
[0.2547363340854645]
[1.0396208763122559]
[0.3441806435585022]
[1.9706556797027588]
[0.2189953774213791]
[1.8042573928833008]
[1.1099125146865845]
[0.7181205749511719]
[17.39560890197754]
[28.983736038208008]
[0.32473060488700867]
[0.2913394272327423]
[0.15686646103858948]
[0.31639859080314636]
[4.4109954833984375]
[0.183588445186615]
[1.2619324922561646]
[1.9496254920959473]
[5.893563270568848]
[3.724729061126709]
[1.4621710777282715]
[0.5424950122833252]
[0.28943806886672974]
[0.44997283816337585]
[0.42168712615966797]
[1.086085319519043]
[0.19344118237495422]
[3.642087936401367]
[41.061126708984375]
[1.4671008586883545]
[2.7623846530914307]
[14.269047737121582]
[0.21871531009674072]
[0.22117634117603302]
[0.3721431493759155]
[0.7024536728858948]
[7.92338752746582]
[3.530574321746826]
[189.64210510253906]
[10.340768814086914]
[0.6820724606513977]
[1.3952412605285645]
[0.21351611614227295]
[12.443222999572754]
[0.4451262652873993]
[1.2468338012695312]
[0.8222759366035461]
[3.7124600410461426]
[18.108177185058594]
[2.2252047061920166]
[0.3757655620574951]
[0.6698333024978638]
[0.2940155267715454]
[0.1629309505224228]
[2.662155866622925]
[1.4874701499938965]
[3.717233657836914]
[5.282199859619141]
[235.90469360351562]
[2.185153007507324]
[7.779055595397949]
[2.105104923248291]
[0.23504739999771118]
[6.826943874359131]
[0.42981505393981934]
[5.645635604858398]
[0.25237590074539185]
[1.4721945524215698]
[0.3375035524368286]
[0.17172971367835999]
[14.877017974853516]
[2.4048879146575928]
[9.243607521057129]
[2.866623878479004]
[0.3500821590423584]
[2031.56884765625]
[0.23299966752529144]
[1.4486831426620483]
[0.4971178472042084]
[1.1524516344070435]
[13.464343070983887]
[0.4843260645866394]
[3.413472890853882]
[0.7319948673248291]
[0.2293250858783722]
[0.3874604105949402]
[8.722477912902832]
[1.278200626373291]
[0.07831549644470215]
[16.3533878326416]
[0.7384577989578247]
[3.795126438140869]
[0.23936399817466736]
[0.3301929235458374]
[0.7788044214248657]
[0.26826953887939453]
[252.70547485351562]
[0.3755459487438202]
[203.91925048828125]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.3423749506473541]
[0.3147512972354889]
[14.21799087524414]
[0.34301769733428955]
[1.2656946182250977]
[0.2628544569015503]
[0.336368590593338]
[1.9313784837722778]
[0.40380099415779114]
[0.8162742853164673]
[4.436171054840088]
[2.2303168773651123]
[1.4666863679885864]
[119.3614730834961]
[0.1305869072675705]
[0.25259238481521606]
[1.103646993637085]
[1.6646672487258911]
[0.26364290714263916]
[0.8742782473564148]
[4.846261024475098]
[11.319775581359863]
[0.24666064977645874]
[7.169837474822998]
[2.960716962814331]
[3.197489023208618]
[0.23856039345264435]
[8.146178245544434]
[0.31575146317481995]
[0.154731884598732]
[4.403131008148193]
[3.5163843631744385]
[0.13652154803276062]
[0.2293470948934555]
[0.22150646150112152]
[0.8385739326477051]
[0.371352881193161]
[1.012683391571045]
[1.2928309440612793]
[0.6719759106636047]
[1.4795012474060059]
[0.5336076617240906]
[0.22155340015888214]
[1.1768474578857422]
[0.045113369822502136]
[3.8862013816833496]
[1.7250040769577026]
[0.4224303364753723]
[251.49737548828125]
[81.62965393066406]
[3.518833637237549]
[0.19267164170742035]
[1.8214187622070312]
[1.676742434501648]
[6.956830978393555]
[2.749145746231079]
[15.939189910888672]
[0.18637990951538086]
[0.5852477550506592]
[1.1077617406845093]
[2.978074550628662]
[1.1605165004730225]
[0.268638014793396]
[0.1201077476143837]
[0.25528526306152344]
[0.5945044159889221]
[4.716011047363281]
[1.4364761114120483]
[0.3522389531135559]
[2.267106771469116]
[17.913484573364258]
[5.671314239501953]
[1.4270999431610107]
[0.19642440974712372]
[1.8961656093597412]
[1.6861615180969238]
[0.47550955414772034]
[0.1682538092136383]
[0.3551303446292877]
[0.2510186731815338]
[0.16371849179267883]
[11.021017074584961]
[0.5201475024223328]
[0.24625608325004578]
[0.6898429989814758]
[5.22123908996582]
[1.5345982313156128]
[0.6892912983894348]
[8.704947471618652]
[0.23058052361011505]
[6.493279933929443]
[0.8299107551574707]
[0.37616366147994995]
[96.5382308959961]
[0.19075466692447662]
[0.5866051316261292]
[690.8627319335938]
[11.590612411499023]
[0.8723510503768921]
[1.004194974899292]
[0.4596500098705292]
[5.332162857055664]
[4.047593593597412]
[4.453652381896973]
[0.3950560688972473]
[3.2651073932647705]
[1.5229558944702148]
[38.42302703857422]
[2.1418561935424805]
[0.8822689652442932]
[0.32404011487960815]
[10.341523170471191]
[13.448477745056152]
[0.8586954474449158]
[0.5027288794517517]
[6.671571731567383]
[3.863924503326416]
[0.2472791224718094]
[0.8832782506942749]
[0.2785446047782898]
[0.1502123326063156]
[3.5612456798553467]
[4.345682144165039]
[1.1314655542373657]
[0.29623034596443176]
[2.888068437576294]
[0.1565937101840973]
[0.1548084020614624]
[1.2936575412750244]
[8.424814224243164]
[0.5078791379928589]
[0.13755007088184357]
[1.8491759300231934]
[1.0588103532791138]
[0.39800071716308594]
[1.4398202896118164]
[20.148588180541992]
[0.19056349992752075]
[1.6879366636276245]
[1.0288126468658447]
[1.0086778402328491]
[0.11770105361938477]
[2.9138052463531494]
[8.028514862060547]
[0.7485769391059875]
[0.5673204660415649]
[0.6626824736595154]
[4.0259928703308105]
[0.27629345655441284]
[0.5920836925506592]
[0.31754639744758606]
[0.7385426163673401]
[1.0980926752090454]
[1.2504934072494507]
[0.21225999295711517]
[5.254656791687012]
[5.706259250640869]
[7.626871109008789]
[0.5950844287872314]
[0.34961751103401184]
[0.12724895775318146]
[0.3536785840988159]
[2.2578697204589844]
[0.30459392070770264]
[0.8687229752540588]
[3.9987571239471436]
[0.18750648200511932]
[0.4792928397655487]
[0.7927709817886353]
[0.460936039686203]
[0.1587325632572174]
[0.4021078944206238]
[0.6416797041893005]
[0.9282082915306091]
[0.2343880981206894]
[0.25601819157600403]
[356.1482849121094]
[1.4446585178375244]
[1.1638950109481812]
[10.548664093017578]
[7.285991191864014]
[138.1785125732422]
[0.882568895816803]
[1.667723536491394]
[0.30788522958755493]
[1.6017838716506958]
[148.3063201904297]
[0.2684365212917328]
[14.076099395751953]
[6.240805149078369]
[10.893482208251953]
[6.472939491271973]
[9.373270034790039]
[15.816668510437012]
[0.7872135043144226]
[0.40431317687034607]
[0.4560185968875885]
[4.515030860900879]
[14.924237251281738]
[0.5049030780792236]
[0.34546005725860596]
[60.972984313964844]
[0.8478333353996277]
[1.7278553247451782]
[0.04564240947365761]
[0.1752387434244156]
[0.7950838208198547]
[1.4459657669067383]
[1.213779330253601]
[10.648109436035156]
[9.112763404846191]
[12.396126747131348]
[0.6898908019065857]
[2.05285382270813]
[0.15576627850532532]
[0.1237165555357933]
[0.21941322088241577]
[7.316776752471924]
[0.20762158930301666]
[0.967262327671051]
[0.7044431567192078]
[0.3213841915130615]
[4.537596702575684]
[1.628119707107544]
[1.2387852668762207]
[0.3817085325717926]
[5.144871711730957]
[6.609645366668701]
[18.126585006713867]
[6.858592987060547]
[0.31690385937690735]
[455.6182861328125]
[171.1429901123047]
[0.14157414436340332]
[0.13437658548355103]
[0.14105884730815887]
[0.250629186630249]
[6.267212390899658]
[0.5026669502258301]
[0.18242090940475464]
[327.04083251953125]
[0.49218615889549255]
[1.1279606819152832]
[1.1842339038848877]
[0.04003414511680603]
[3.0430099964141846]
[1.0021107196807861]
[1.468326210975647]
[1.923364281654358]
[0.7864698171615601]
[0.3815324306488037]
[0.8653662204742432]
[3.5329372882843018]
[1.551388144493103]
[3.6096343994140625]
[0.5284141898155212]
[1.4675236940383911]
[48.40579605102539]
[0.88487708568573]
[4.457046985626221]
[60.16694259643555]
[0.6749452352523804]
[0.13333487510681152]
[1.7555583715438843]
[0.3758038282394409]
[2.202437162399292]
[0.33546340465545654]
[1.474570870399475]
[514.3136596679688]
[0.6640425324440002]
[1.1159480810165405]
[0.14135630428791046]
[0.7786465287208557]
[0.24962173402309418]
[0.07799847424030304]
[0.38332492113113403]
[0.6953352093696594]
[2.1818199157714844]
[0.19018855690956116]
[0.2597969174385071]
[4.959266662597656]
[0.39989998936653137]
[2.4625084400177]
[5.489113807678223]
[0.3672465980052948]
[1.09360933303833]
[0.47153279185295105]
[0.09937752783298492]
[0.906747579574585]
[0.7869824171066284]
[1.3585909605026245]
[0.18145908415317535]
[0.12403895705938339]
[9.232380867004395]
[0.16597944498062134]
[0.18430300056934357]
[0.6294713020324707]
[0.14476700127124786]
[0.1373637616634369]
[3.585007667541504]
[0.20018497109413147]
[0.14983102679252625]
[0.07470173388719559]
[3.9192166328430176]
[0.4421498775482178]
[1.7340115308761597]
[1.17087984085083]
[7.263455867767334]
[0.868732213973999]
[1.3120956420898438]
[3.07816219329834]
[12.451424598693848]
[0.6257523894309998]
[1.3737105131149292]
[2.847367525100708]
[7.384227275848389]
[0.5651755332946777]
[0.20433379709720612]
[0.10708144307136536]
[6.143348217010498]
[0.6771903038024902]
[1.160962700843811]
[1.652631402015686]
[0.2490551918745041]
[0.2395099252462387]
[0.9132027626037598]
[0.10539061576128006]
[1.3649206161499023]
[0.3037213087081909]
[3.460674524307251]
[10.488201141357422]
[0.5648320317268372]
[3.2618091106414795]
[1.4316895008087158]
[0.5271317958831787]
[0.1026739776134491]
[0.11250356584787369]
[0.7833551168441772]
[1.450986385345459]
[0.8693265318870544]
[0.3117590844631195]
[1.0469963550567627]
[1.4234563112258911]
[1.0304300785064697]
[1.0903006792068481]
[0.09316597133874893]
[1.2315760850906372]
[0.5642383694648743]
[1.110614538192749]
[1.5281312465667725]
[0.12432245165109634]
[0.12422333657741547]
[17.047561645507812]
[0.06734881550073624]
[0.17379502952098846]
[75.20574188232422]
[10.31269645690918]
[1.5633368492126465]
[0.3103405237197876]
[5.924625396728516]
[27.35565948486328]
[0.0920432060956955]
[0.7282065749168396]
[0.11347484588623047]
[44.611610412597656]
[0.1338469684123993]
[2.291442632675171]
[0.27906468510627747]
[0.11055745929479599]
[350.9885559082031]
[0.43422168493270874]
[0.7538504600524902]
[0.09937217831611633]
[4.804748058319092]
[27.424840927124023]
[0.2857220768928528]
[2.0604352951049805]
[0.7957653999328613]
[2624.7939453125]
[2.446589469909668]
[1.1051838397979736]
[0.679919421672821]
[1.0988621711730957]
[0.88902747631073]
[0.17157433927059174]
[0.17369502782821655]
[21.259225845336914]
[0.12728947401046753]
[7.468477249145508]
[0.13476574420928955]
[1.3866535425186157]
[3.5992867946624756]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.3805726766586304]
[1.3355834484100342]
[0.349899023771286]
[0.1432158201932907]
[0.32649827003479004]
[18.943233489990234]
[1.324234127998352]
[0.4267333149909973]
[1.6016443967819214]
[0.36900174617767334]
[149.47067260742188]
[0.7813164591789246]
[2.6675782203674316]
[0.0961291566491127]
[0.09622227400541306]
[3.1370716094970703]
[0.19074228405952454]
[0.3160119354724884]
[54.785606384277344]
[6.435562610626221]
[0.11437995731830597]
[0.19786901772022247]
[0.3460507094860077]
[1.1689846515655518]
[0.4671718180179596]
[0.4886387884616852]
[0.13258463144302368]
[4.389649391174316]
[1.1607557535171509]
[2.1331796646118164]
[0.14607661962509155]
[0.21083946526050568]
[0.4745160937309265]
[0.6037108302116394]
[6327.533203125]
[0.7580358982086182]
[10.564774513244629]
[0.5713263750076294]
[0.48533061146736145]
[0.13576801121234894]
[0.06659016013145447]
[1.4054969549179077]
[0.15573912858963013]
[13.194158554077148]
[0.28606563806533813]
[13.942708969116211]
[0.13913594186306]
[1.661758303642273]
[0.3012661635875702]
[4.48230504989624]
[1.5931320190429688]
[0.1362491250038147]
[0.09478415548801422]
[0.15759511291980743]
[1.085602879524231]
[4.95589017868042]
[1.018790602684021]
[2.297304391860962]
[0.24725490808486938]
[13.525124549865723]
[1.1197928190231323]
[0.6208218932151794]
[0.8794918060302734]
[10.265364646911621]
[0.2901645600795746]
[39.997344970703125]
[10.888257026672363]
[1.3631668090820312]
[136.39529418945312]
[38.25163650512695]
[0.16497141122817993]
[1.4649664163589478]
[32.29169464111328]
[1.3535717725753784]
[2.3240861892700195]
[32.87635803222656]
[1.481406807899475]
[436.0511474609375]
[0.5087931752204895]
[287.5319519042969]
[36.45101547241211]
[0.30168142914772034]
[11.780635833740234]
[2.2309763431549072]
[0.9150950908660889]
[23.685731887817383]
[0.4520435333251953]
[1.0754656791687012]
[0.4034475088119507]
[1.6593430042266846]
[16.532163619995117]
[2.7089571952819824]
[0.27545788884162903]
[10.578478813171387]
[3.9822583198547363]
[4.860913276672363]
[0.14719393849372864]
[0.6403155326843262]
[3.174614667892456]
[0.8714343309402466]
[29.066225051879883]
[3.3829030990600586]
[1.3874565362930298]
[1.1304115056991577]
[7.610292434692383]
[0.7599105834960938]
[0.6990619897842407]
[0.4489698112010956]
[14.886922836303711]
[4.306920051574707]
[12.237327575683594]
[57.73501968383789]
[0.9767175316810608]
[0.384383887052536]
[2.4311556816101074]
[15.341368675231934]
[1.9363192319869995]
[3.7858047485351562]
[0.2985501289367676]
[0.21273013949394226]
[3.3945767879486084]
[149.91226196289062]
[0.1957787275314331]
[0.20926471054553986]
[1.758201003074646]
[0.45131170749664307]
[1132.8514404296875]
[6.912646293640137]
[10.371984481811523]
[0.29500821232795715]
[0.8327669501304626]
[0.2954656779766083]
[491.86798095703125]
[0.33318984508514404]
[0.21958206593990326]
[1.8105429410934448]
[0.3951861560344696]
[1.6161494255065918]
[0.6961552500724792]
[1.6491590738296509]
[0.3986574113368988]
[0.40297865867614746]
[2.89656138420105]
[4.701389312744141]
[0.5024932622909546]
[1.4575306177139282]
[0.4708850085735321]
[1.783412218093872]
[0.6064503192901611]
[1.1366965770721436]
[1.2454482316970825]
[2.813086748123169]
[0.814197838306427]
[0.40414947271347046]
[9.858031272888184]
[6.172936916351318]
[68.49700927734375]
[0.5344172716140747]
[4.389012336730957]
[17.529823303222656]
[0.4767143726348877]
[15.05195426940918]
[0.607466459274292]
[2.2656874656677246]
[0.29737257957458496]
[0.24654100835323334]
[1.1038967370986938]
[0.2056935876607895]
[1.0247676372528076]
[4.9927873611450195]
[2.412414312362671]
[6.219286918640137]
[4.396026134490967]
[28.710742950439453]
[24.511377334594727]
[0.30787932872772217]
[0.12316430360078812]
[0.22332793474197388]
[10.39651870727539]
[0.2786458134651184]
[0.3661807179450989]
[0.185868039727211]
[3.667079210281372]
[0.14036397635936737]
[0.5450660586357117]
[1.5536895990371704]
[0.1569570004940033]
[0.22674371302127838]
[6.050075531005859]
[0.9033232927322388]
[49.383888244628906]
[0.37325984239578247]
[0.7159892320632935]
[0.23794537782669067]
[2.006781816482544]
[2.4786434173583984]
[0.41769322752952576]
[6.8102126121521]
[0.7887323498725891]
[0.48008087277412415]
[0.3968106806278229]
[8.610430717468262]
[0.1182670146226883]
[0.6789709329605103]
[4.093562126159668]
[2.386796712875366]
[2.7375380992889404]
[0.8308612704277039]
[0.31125521659851074]
[1.5942763090133667]
[0.5672871470451355]
[32.322471618652344]
[0.6020710468292236]
[0.4379898011684418]
[0.1601075381040573]
[0.5592199563980103]
[1.1996747255325317]
[2.2329468727111816]
[0.14230035245418549]
[1.7567007541656494]
[0.6392941474914551]
[1.0715872049331665]
[1.8298107385635376]
[1.4001531600952148]
[2.023013114929199]
[0.1453164517879486]
[0.33238688111305237]
[379.47833251953125]
[0.5945490598678589]
[0.10268674790859222]
[0.1358758509159088]
[9.402127265930176]
[1.233644962310791]
[13012.005859375]
[18.616233825683594]
[10.397917747497559]
[41.45500946044922]
[3.6854641437530518]
[1.024890422821045]
[135.82937622070312]
[0.43346476554870605]
[4.405723571777344]
[0.5662681460380554]
[0.2745477855205536]
[3.4331963062286377]
[0.34430718421936035]
[0.3626519441604614]
[1.7679569721221924]
[14.6680326461792]
[0.1258520632982254]
[7.022223949432373]
[9.704090118408203]
[5.534749984741211]
[1.2335190773010254]
[0.5389053821563721]
[3.7221977710723877]
[11.068071365356445]
[1.5590194463729858]
[8.490387916564941]
[1.2997729778289795]
[26.855178833007812]
[2.5437800884246826]
[623.626220703125]
[9.356581687927246]
[2.144674062728882]
[6.405869960784912]
[2.573594093322754]
[1.8172944784164429]
[0.519096314907074]
[20.630464553833008]
[45.1957893371582]
[3.5807065963745117]
[240.63888549804688]
[6.643886089324951]
[1.7158147096633911]
[0.25198864936828613]
[23.022903442382812]
[0.663607656955719]
[2.357243299484253]
[0.3902423083782196]
[0.32949942350387573]
[1.2145217657089233]
[10.408315658569336]
[0.9384582042694092]
[0.1684301197528839]
[0.10459484905004501]
[0.5149456858634949]
[0.9856050610542297]
[0.26426592469215393]
[52.29056167602539]
[3.5352749824523926]
[0.22652961313724518]
[7.804581165313721]
[7.017721652984619]
[2.567206621170044]
[2.1297049522399902]
[2.01405930519104]
[13.692452430725098]
[0.19176259636878967]
[1.2401304244995117]
[0.11412981152534485]
[2.956138849258423]
[4.170181751251221]
[0.1957104653120041]
[0.39783406257629395]
[0.162895068526268]
[0.1419045329093933]
[54.30552673339844]
[3.3196096420288086]
[0.68732750415802]
[0.8185360431671143]
[0.5564600825309753]
[1.1673636436462402]
[48.78677749633789]
[0.2099829465150833]
[0.9256345629692078]
[2.1184308528900146]
[1.9617575407028198]
[1.563321590423584]
[3.5477821826934814]
[2.9393301010131836]
[0.26231393218040466]
[0.23828566074371338]
[0.8557504415512085]
[1.2785727977752686]
[10.73034954071045]
[0.7177373766899109]
[3.2752315998077393]
[0.5384312272071838]
[0.3438853323459625]
[5.313823699951172]
[1.63380765914917]
[3.096362352371216]
[2.4037411212921143]
[7.282386302947998]
[4.605629920959473]
[1.9615298509597778]
[1.7304056882858276]
[0.596023678779602]
[4.9550933837890625]
[0.9816867113113403]
[1.2495698928833008]
[1.2331193685531616]
[0.5332308411598206]
[6.944387912750244]
[4.10028600692749]
[3.974931240081787]
[0.15009401738643646]
[19.533859252929688]
[0.39795491099357605]
[1.7489036321640015]
[2.6594057083129883]
[7.761804103851318]
[0.45657187700271606]
[24.135705947875977]
[0.17454765737056732]
[0.417240172624588]
[0.6880746483802795]
[0.16925185918807983]
[329.4398498535156]
[0.9222676753997803]
[0.2628995180130005]
[10.629901885986328]
[48.475807189941406]
[0.34815487265586853]
[3.04580020904541]
[0.18768149614334106]
[297.8114929199219]
[0.7275232672691345]
[58.872344970703125]
[4.484552383422852]
[3.8802831172943115]
[1.0634090900421143]
[0.1580042988061905]
[5.938955307006836]
[7.123132228851318]
[13.177892684936523]
[19.49182891845703]
[21.889665603637695]
[8.27799129486084]
[1.9223389625549316]
[3.4353106021881104]
[0.41534870862960815]
[0.2084037810564041]
[49.36042022705078]
[4.90593147277832]
[0.4232260584831238]
[0.18603640794754028]
[2.422390937805176]
[0.2734498381614685]
[2.382317304611206]
[0.18067222833633423]
[2.772324800491333]
[3.271038293838501]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[175.2797088623047]
[0.17273244261741638]
[5.079424858093262]
[0.761308491230011]
[0.31417810916900635]
[1.6585899591445923]
[5.999398708343506]
[1.7104668617248535]
[3.389157772064209]
[147.30580139160156]
[0.43963828682899475]
[0.26643726229667664]
[0.546100914478302]
[0.6434599161148071]
[0.9390730261802673]
[2.0485732555389404]
[0.9082391858100891]
[1.5118162631988525]
[0.703600287437439]
[0.18280033767223358]
[9.427041053771973]
[2.288174867630005]
[424.7366943359375]
[0.15854637324810028]
[0.18215712904930115]
[0.2221699357032776]
[1377.26318359375]
[0.23160792887210846]
[0.8975335955619812]
[0.3936444818973541]
[5.163905620574951]
[4.962308883666992]
[9.702764511108398]
[2.0552449226379395]
[4.333101272583008]
[5.11435079574585]
[2.301201820373535]
[2.2064778804779053]
[0.2561087906360626]
[1.7469688653945923]
[685.2432250976562]
[1.1847082376480103]
[0.8836147785186768]
[1.1491007804870605]
[0.9354189038276672]
[1.531406283378601]
[2.342513084411621]
[0.8347935676574707]
[0.5033584833145142]
[18.44369888305664]
[37.70003128051758]
[1.4276950359344482]
[42.78657531738281]
[1.0041261911392212]
[2.1407310962677]
[0.2704228460788727]
[2338.27587890625]
[14.455974578857422]
[2.692803382873535]
[18.229602813720703]
[12.989404678344727]
[1.7037975788116455]
[0.6835284233093262]
[22.737443923950195]
[378.149658203125]
[0.12380924820899963]
[0.15979449450969696]
[8.985509872436523]
[0.30281198024749756]
[0.25207099318504333]
[3.728736639022827]
[0.16652561724185944]
[0.1519242227077484]
[0.11350318789482117]
[1.5019936561584473]
[0.1562305986881256]
[6.611931800842285]
[43.28121566772461]
[0.16591636836528778]
[1.19495689868927]
[16.98796844482422]
[1.6514861583709717]
[2.013887405395508]
[5.490942478179932]
[0.589629590511322]
[2.641726493835449]
[2.7539312839508057]
[0.6696631908416748]
[3.3959884643554688]
[5.627868175506592]
[0.684846818447113]
[0.2917294204235077]
[0.8361806273460388]
[0.7332594394683838]
[0.5350823998451233]
[0.4464954733848572]
[0.5713655352592468]
[2.3762338161468506]
[0.26006948947906494]
[0.57867032289505]
[3.1003496646881104]
[1.918188214302063]
[0.15790031850337982]
[120.80137634277344]
[0.36757853627204895]
[3.147420644760132]
[0.03291706740856171]
[0.3102766275405884]
[0.11765459179878235]
[0.1909562051296234]
[0.14579401910305023]
[4.275547981262207]
[122.50377655029297]
[0.11057396233081818]
[16.7528076171875]
[1.4793083667755127]
[1.6696096658706665]
[0.8591291308403015]
[1.012811541557312]
[2.597141742706299]
[0.3793643116950989]
[0.2070387899875641]
[9.2139253616333]
[0.09912412613630295]
[0.7655683159828186]
[1.5854454040527344]
[0.10790027678012848]
[0.1053900420665741]
[0.33612269163131714]
[11.318255424499512]
[2.8840529918670654]
[422.64776611328125]
[0.40843501687049866]
[1.2626562118530273]
[5.062292575836182]
[0.8249170780181885]
[25.207595825195312]
[1.495100736618042]
[0.3332952857017517]
[0.367097407579422]
[0.07568298280239105]
[576.0575561523438]
[0.5088334679603577]
[0.17986492812633514]
[84.24237060546875]
[0.23095698654651642]
[2.885780096054077]
[1.4199146032333374]
[0.2966591715812683]
[1.1720932722091675]
[0.39460670948028564]
[1.1730122566223145]
[0.8687627911567688]
[5.9217448234558105]
[1.8769015073776245]
[0.6757319569587708]
[6.5800089836120605]
[0.9007960557937622]
[1.942623257637024]
[3.2330820560455322]
[1.480044960975647]
[1.2039709091186523]
[0.1328698992729187]
[1.1267658472061157]
[9.059800148010254]
[0.8730758428573608]
[4.67130708694458]
[286.05560302734375]
[0.39387890696525574]
[1.7974494695663452]
[0.1289578229188919]
[4.259629249572754]
[2.2182157039642334]
[0.8830876350402832]
[2.063553810119629]
[0.7664257287979126]
[2.7835733890533447]
[0.2063959687948227]
[0.6853877305984497]
[1.994543433189392]
[20.46096420288086]
[0.7689250707626343]
[0.922222912311554]
[0.28200000524520874]
[5.184170722961426]
[2.725393056869507]
[2.7685985565185547]
[0.41015204787254333]
[2.6548337936401367]
[1.0476629734039307]
[0.10119754076004028]
[0.07679405063390732]
[0.4813203811645508]
[0.10553982108831406]
[0.6506305932998657]
[1.8909862041473389]
[0.7350245118141174]
[0.9290123581886292]
[0.10990166664123535]
[0.0922221690416336]
[3.9872806072235107]
[31.68642807006836]
[6.530797958374023]
[5.621450901031494]
[1.0320287942886353]
[0.14771676063537598]
[7.311617374420166]
[0.2738386392593384]
[5.439128398895264]
[2.343301773071289]
[4.311590671539307]
[1.3924517631530762]
[4.358132362365723]
[2.4569945335388184]
[5.030057430267334]
[8.671722412109375]
[0.7063735127449036]
[1.0794169902801514]
[7.493101596832275]
[0.2584848701953888]
[1.8231418132781982]
[3.131958246231079]
[0.3215256929397583]
[0.2093861699104309]
[53.457313537597656]
[4.9120588302612305]
[4.887813568115234]
[1.6467137336730957]
[0.17785707116127014]
[2.476947546005249]
[4.66423225402832]
[86.23635864257812]
[0.12153175473213196]
[24.452720642089844]
[1.8290188312530518]
[4.616879463195801]
[2.418275833129883]
[18.47217559814453]
[0.1901547610759735]
[1.0580345392227173]
[0.07849287986755371]
[0.1670360118150711]
[46.350189208984375]
[0.09230653941631317]
[2.0685737133026123]
[0.787987470626831]
[0.08026175200939178]
[2.6094765663146973]
[0.07275766134262085]
[3.15572452545166]
[2.0285348892211914]
[1.4233620166778564]
[0.48178768157958984]
[0.14363671839237213]
[0.8296203017234802]
[5.630065441131592]
[1.7465698719024658]
[0.32195067405700684]
[3.335282564163208]
[0.1160658523440361]
[0.23721599578857422]
[1.7825560569763184]
[1.3257369995117188]
[0.650124728679657]
[0.18089070916175842]
[1.8362104892730713]
[0.2456713318824768]
[2.431858777999878]
[0.4524531960487366]
[0.07612010836601257]
[1.1675915718078613]
[38.851680755615234]
[0.1925014704465866]
[1.1938223838806152]
[0.7067002058029175]
[0.03764074668288231]
[0.5558231472969055]
[0.7169304490089417]
[0.08881455659866333]
[0.0630156546831131]
[0.38457801938056946]
[1.4019813537597656]
[0.47791004180908203]
[0.1896098554134369]
[0.515183687210083]
[3407.7685546875]
[0.597687304019928]
[3.5398108959198]
[1.004880666732788]
[54.671695709228516]
[538.3382568359375]
[0.12248346209526062]
[0.279876172542572]
[1.1969736814498901]
[2.254380702972412]
[13.286877632141113]
[14.440593719482422]
[6.814691543579102]
[0.35293328762054443]
[24.485157012939453]
[86.53707885742188]
[5.788552284240723]
[183.32113647460938]
[19.60765266418457]
[1.189697027206421]
[2.7061398029327393]
[0.30445897579193115]
[17.847129821777344]
[1.7838037014007568]
[1.4797286987304688]
[1.4901480674743652]
[11.875596046447754]
[2.6503469944000244]
[2.0673930644989014]
[3.908046245574951]
[1.706489086151123]
[0.454064279794693]
[2.0560364723205566]
[0.6915519833564758]
[3.6672885417938232]
[0.27739670872688293]
[2.010357141494751]
[0.6002642512321472]
[3.917475700378418]
[0.22756187617778778]
[1.1855474710464478]
[52.72115707397461]
[1.9139606952667236]
[0.5573614239692688]
[2.9610702991485596]
[2.7216575145721436]
[1.8719619512557983]
[1.4793345928192139]
[2.8456037044525146]
[14.18952751159668]
[6394.0966796875]
[63.25404739379883]
[0.679239809513092]
[1.338371992111206]
[3.247753381729126]
[0.8085960149765015]
[9.428091049194336]
[128.39886474609375]
[1.7474911212921143]
[621.6222534179688]
[1.1785762310028076]
[0.1536206305027008]
[29.921300888061523]
[5.750991344451904]
[1.5734243392944336]
[3518.993408203125]
[3.5004327297210693]
[1.338411808013916]
[0.9267525672912598]
[24.24941635131836]
[9.376956939697266]
[3.2897439002990723]
[0.10130487382411957]
[0.19049902260303497]
[0.9954015612602234]
[5.010026931762695]
[20.97124481201172]
[0.8271293044090271]
[0.7530543804168701]
[0.23920363187789917]
[1.6276390552520752]
[9.418534278869629]
[0.4515088200569153]
[6.914853096008301]
[3.362666130065918]
[11.739837646484375]
[1.8089625835418701]
[0.26420697569847107]
[26.240190505981445]
[3.8689193725585938]
[0.4268190264701843]
[1.7282776832580566]
[2.9084038734436035]
[0.22590714693069458]
[2.21330189704895]
[23.527244567871094]
[13.426446914672852]
[30.2148380279541]
[0.13640661537647247]
[53.774906158447266]
[2.2457518577575684]
[1.1452131271362305]
[450.861328125]
[13.024092674255371]
[2.1981847286224365]
[5.259885311126709]
[0.09799524396657944]
[1.4360649585723877]
[0.17047743499279022]
[10.15581226348877]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[23.058835983276367]
[0.18632996082305908]
[0.405121773481369]
[37.757389068603516]
[1.2463688850402832]
[0.7441070079803467]
[2.7615323066711426]
[6.033663749694824]
[0.2374073565006256]
[1.2385170459747314]
[16.113771438598633]
[12.782605171203613]
[1.6902878284454346]
[1063.404052734375]
[14.789026260375977]
[0.2887009382247925]
[3.0606529712677]
[0.30900952219963074]
[13.028822898864746]
[1.504784345626831]
[1.5616799592971802]
[9.497162818908691]
[16.001619338989258]
[0.34661629796028137]
[1.5327867269515991]
[2.4696083068847656]
[86.5789566040039]
[3.8448846340179443]
[0.4346141815185547]
[1.197400689125061]
[1.6182507276535034]
[0.20656177401542664]
[1.7032766342163086]
[1.8829389810562134]
[0.9107428193092346]
[0.21587836742401123]
[0.47930237650871277]
[5.321495532989502]
[0.9202349781990051]
[4.324466705322266]
[17.249984741210938]
[0.16854658722877502]
[9.978070259094238]
[0.32581791281700134]
[1.1253377199172974]
[2.0035324096679688]
[0.2708398103713989]
[0.3258582353591919]
[1.4064158201217651]
[214.20436096191406]
[1.8802472352981567]
[1.238879680633545]
[16.65071678161621]
[8.058759689331055]
[9.107600212097168]
[0.16421863436698914]
[0.2562873959541321]
[1.1822562217712402]
[0.8447214365005493]
[0.16209207475185394]
[1.1215137243270874]
[0.29646235704421997]
[159.57427978515625]
[0.408184289932251]
[1.419105052947998]
[14.006599426269531]
[0.5159537196159363]
[10.84805679321289]
[0.9114024639129639]
[1.2911427021026611]
[0.37140217423439026]
[0.20663003623485565]
[0.3542900085449219]
[17.99845314025879]
[0.29148268699645996]
[6.126931190490723]
[9.259308815002441]
[30.39611053466797]
[7.630455493927002]
[428.6883850097656]
[0.5334758162498474]
[11.272817611694336]
[0.5403463840484619]
[249.9352569580078]
[2.446911573410034]
[2.688450336456299]
[2.031888484954834]
[1.1122369766235352]
[5.241979598999023]
[1.4325724840164185]
[2.0810110569000244]
[1.4059240818023682]
[95.33678436279297]
[4.543762683868408]
[0.7311169505119324]
[193.43521118164062]
[0.22598496079444885]
[0.25042182207107544]
[23.038698196411133]
[0.2889326810836792]
[1.0359618663787842]
[0.45806434750556946]
[0.2110523283481598]
[64.86848449707031]
[65.23880767822266]
[17.970077514648438]
[9.671067237854004]
[0.39231324195861816]
[19.21417999267578]
[6.297797679901123]
[5.268855571746826]
[2.109715223312378]
[2.1108500957489014]
[0.3186049163341522]
[2.6882262229919434]
[0.20392903685569763]
[1164.4725341796875]
[0.30678847432136536]
[0.4531676173210144]
[8.856216430664062]
[3146.8720703125]
[109.5138168334961]
[12.883678436279297]
[0.21420201659202576]
[0.3895319998264313]
[0.43813812732696533]
[10.700028419494629]
[0.1804620325565338]
[0.21573984622955322]
[0.23841072618961334]
[0.5765084624290466]
[0.22152350842952728]
[3.8651535511016846]
[0.2593368887901306]
[21.9622745513916]
[0.9062047004699707]
[7.7045979499816895]
[7.243200302124023]
[30.407312393188477]
[2.0742604732513428]
[4.06083869934082]
[24.786476135253906]
[0.5013258457183838]
[1.4984086751937866]
[6.473385810852051]
[1.5615731477737427]
[0.22474727034568787]
[0.7077492475509644]
[0.7862086296081543]
[30.111276626586914]
[0.3604797422885895]
[0.8705770969390869]
[0.5645233392715454]
[0.81609046459198]
[5.232424259185791]
[0.1995643675327301]
[8.656098365783691]
[69.20453643798828]
[0.21094834804534912]
[0.3313981592655182]
[0.9186705946922302]
[7.225653648376465]
[0.7387490272521973]
[0.3574923574924469]
[14.079280853271484]
[0.18332502245903015]
[367.6290283203125]
[1.338201880455017]
[2.6797802448272705]
[0.9407328963279724]
[5.896528720855713]
[4.60943078994751]
[2.7455434799194336]
[3.563620090484619]
[0.080561064183712]
[2.5637030601501465]
[1.0709282159805298]
[1.8720282316207886]
[0.5927916169166565]
[12.717524528503418]
[0.4535459876060486]
[10.156185150146484]
[5.4950361251831055]
[2.6847283840179443]
[9.339570045471191]
[0.17029142379760742]
[0.10455047339200974]
[0.3143174946308136]
[2.7924880981445312]
[0.43594008684158325]
[1.5852406024932861]
[0.17499776184558868]
[12.633139610290527]
[1.3727388381958008]
[0.8149456977844238]
[9.850625991821289]
[0.6635429263114929]
[27.645750045776367]
[0.41922158002853394]
[1.8625450134277344]
[8.367545127868652]
[5.314635753631592]
[1.8191472291946411]
[0.10638122260570526]
[0.49879956245422363]
[1.339971899986267]
[0.3412490487098694]
[1.7630021572113037]
[1.2784250974655151]
[7.674071788787842]
[10.906530380249023]
[1.7539137601852417]
[19.348350524902344]
[5.337935924530029]
[0.9262965321540833]
[0.141065776348114]
[7.108363628387451]
[0.41828662157058716]
[9.583403587341309]
[0.3232017159461975]
[0.46496355533599854]
[0.14558610320091248]
[14.815099716186523]
[1.6773573160171509]
[0.5368649959564209]
[0.3000829219818115]
[6.415213108062744]
[9.623201370239258]
[3.073134422302246]
[3.2224440574645996]
[1.7762761116027832]
[27.18597984313965]
[0.6182554960250854]
[102.1761245727539]
[9.468503952026367]
[0.4614877700805664]
[0.22300247848033905]
[1.2010306119918823]
[8.768365859985352]
[0.7216311693191528]
[1.2455055713653564]
[1.1857212781906128]
[0.4343007802963257]
[0.24246840178966522]
[5.884914398193359]
[65.39405059814453]
[0.8692357540130615]
[0.1905808448791504]
[0.28759709000587463]
[0.8773078322410583]
[3.380478858947754]
[0.7049427628517151]
[2.0196011066436768]
[1.3030167818069458]
[0.3472704291343689]
[3.6300268173217773]
[0.9830080270767212]
[2.0582151412963867]
[1.0631892681121826]
[1.3665716648101807]
[0.1326800286769867]
[2.2323355674743652]
[0.41371840238571167]
[0.32851922512054443]
[0.8259127140045166]
[5.630334854125977]
[0.16790719330310822]
[6.043074131011963]
[8.655542373657227]
[0.277243435382843]
[5.836852550506592]
[0.26914429664611816]
[1.847607135772705]
[1.310258150100708]
[1.589908480644226]
[0.5963613986968994]
[7.085424900054932]
[1.9743162393569946]
[0.3365730345249176]
[0.645689845085144]
[2.2474069595336914]
[2.0525896549224854]
[2.942911386489868]
[2.250117063522339]
[2.8721258640289307]
[1.360406756401062]
[3.3552405834198]
[0.12761133909225464]
[5.2522993087768555]
[3.0269935131073]
[0.17619822919368744]
[0.15291424095630646]
[0.3258342742919922]
[1.2810351848602295]
[0.6066911816596985]
[2.8065123558044434]
[4.379510879516602]
[0.17488397657871246]
[0.13699376583099365]
[1.1232012510299683]
[59.853515625]
[2.021688222885132]
[417.6484680175781]
[0.16841550171375275]
[3.998426914215088]
[2.2034215927124023]
[3.040011405944824]
[7.177302360534668]
[24.37975311279297]
[1581.252685546875]
[2.8371877670288086]
[1.6321196556091309]
[0.789516806602478]
[0.359246164560318]
[2.3706417083740234]
[1.6031849384307861]
[0.5298422574996948]
[7.341550827026367]
[0.34958893060684204]
[0.24224746227264404]
[3.2210533618927]
[1.901922583580017]
[0.09882354736328125]
[0.14567451179027557]
[0.2128588855266571]
[0.38452526926994324]
[15.66992473602295]
[0.6019431948661804]
[0.1554366648197174]
[0.47890353202819824]
[1.6117498874664307]
[16.353843688964844]
[0.13232281804084778]
[0.21593831479549408]
[1.1899733543395996]
[0.8678346872329712]
[0.47109803557395935]
[2.515063762664795]
[0.1519748866558075]
[2.1855289936065674]
[0.5765483379364014]
[0.8246344923973083]
[0.4962083697319031]
[0.4944368302822113]
[1.3108993768692017]
[3.1835482120513916]
[105.3178939819336]
[0.4629722833633423]
[0.9145516157150269]
[7.375024795532227]
[0.139482319355011]
[950.8328857421875]
[0.14809495210647583]
[0.9444211721420288]
[1.8155285120010376]
[1.3520300388336182]
[9.13733196258545]
[6.574041843414307]
[4.173403739929199]
[0.13336266577243805]
[1.0787389278411865]
[0.3231656551361084]
[0.7375096678733826]
[0.8216860294342041]
[0.6491737365722656]
[0.09068842977285385]
[0.2891046702861786]
[1.5705842971801758]
[3.0860297679901123]
[2.424312114715576]
[3.2713425159454346]
[1.5714000463485718]
[0.12243090569972992]
[6.250856399536133]
[0.4628712832927704]
[0.46396633982658386]
[0.32420986890792847]
[5.892941474914551]
[0.10576238483190536]
[2.207044839859009]
[0.6473674774169922]
[1.7858973741531372]
[0.39051899313926697]
[0.34871891140937805]
[5.538811206817627]
[0.24370211362838745]
[4.134951591491699]
[5.432211875915527]
[0.9174774289131165]
[0.6307733654975891]
[0.11948611587285995]
[0.4722314774990082]
[1.55855393409729]
[1.8269366025924683]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.12617824971675873]
[0.12414734810590744]
[2.2645866870880127]
[43.23971176147461]
[0.376679927110672]
[0.3827000856399536]
[1.2460469007492065]
[8.385283470153809]
[3.9457509517669678]
[1.0543508529663086]
[0.3259596526622772]
[0.224467471241951]
[1.4318914413452148]
[1.2157700061798096]
[0.2439318150281906]
[5.937265396118164]
[0.25701287388801575]
[2.1397414207458496]
[6.392378330230713]
[0.9376140832901001]
[24.636343002319336]
[1.9186798334121704]
[274.4546813964844]
[256.6691589355469]
[6.160504341125488]
[12.972604751586914]
[0.16082899272441864]
[7.896557807922363]
[1.3567739725112915]
[6.431634902954102]
[11.072244644165039]
[1.3795732259750366]
[0.10027796030044556]
[0.4472520053386688]
[3.2997477054595947]
[0.09612849354743958]
[0.5939964056015015]
[0.5532832145690918]
[2.4176673889160156]
[0.35645997524261475]
[3.9488141536712646]
[0.5481393337249756]
[0.7531288862228394]
[5.781912803649902]
[5.056171417236328]
[0.6167609691619873]
[0.8547715544700623]
[0.243388369679451]
[2.4386277198791504]
[18.326560974121094]
[0.19519846141338348]
[1.6024391651153564]
[0.10157909244298935]
[1.0987446308135986]
[1.746488332748413]
[0.31819576025009155]
[2.084352493286133]
[1.148362398147583]
[0.5713314414024353]
[0.9537622928619385]
[2.753025531768799]
[0.7271673083305359]
[3.338931083679199]
[2.2325351238250732]
[0.5708187818527222]
[1.3189315795898438]
[4.960618019104004]
[4.117904186248779]
[0.4125789403915405]
[4.5565900802612305]
[1.2502641677856445]
[0.5191320180892944]
[0.12322374433279037]
[0.21082450449466705]
[1.7591502666473389]
[0.14561110734939575]
[1.194066047668457]
[0.11834661662578583]
[0.0770164430141449]
[0.10086281597614288]
[0.4203849732875824]
[2.6854469776153564]
[2882.378662109375]
[1.7899236679077148]
[0.6574221253395081]
[0.21267986297607422]
[0.09640158712863922]
[0.5636916160583496]
[0.616716206073761]
[1.6644996404647827]
[0.12224306166172028]
[1.0627325773239136]
[0.1351834237575531]
[2.1253292560577393]
[5.065924167633057]
[5.8639116287231445]
[136.6724853515625]
[0.34162279963493347]
[0.1238214522600174]
[0.4338909089565277]
[38.87973403930664]
[1.7362239360809326]
[2464.844482421875]
[0.08513998985290527]
[9.635309219360352]
[0.1967427134513855]
[786.7779541015625]
[3.3436942100524902]
[42.2166748046875]
[0.3967324197292328]
[226.42974853515625]
[6.9944167137146]
[108.97533416748047]
[2.5559821128845215]
[1.2963852882385254]
[8.516019821166992]
[11.570783615112305]
[0.3399404287338257]
[0.09372872114181519]
[0.44352099299430847]
[1.2402533292770386]
[1.1474601030349731]
[6.031686305999756]
[18.097949981689453]
[0.06407752633094788]
[8.047579765319824]
[1.0481265783309937]
[0.617603063583374]
[1.1542288064956665]
[0.26908189058303833]
[199.46511840820312]
[0.5772640109062195]
[0.05983733758330345]
[0.07237474620342255]
[2.5290887355804443]
[1.0640126466751099]
[3.9731719493865967]
[1.652252197265625]
[3.9676294326782227]
[0.5572890639305115]
[7.422639846801758]
[0.6382284164428711]
[3.3061795234680176]
[58.795101165771484]
[2.5041089057922363]
[1.0201798677444458]
[0.4594225287437439]
[3.254103183746338]
[0.1133243590593338]
[0.587410569190979]
[15.125532150268555]
[0.1545589417219162]
[0.09944041073322296]
[1.5901662111282349]
[83.10604858398438]
[1.448925495147705]
[0.25772544741630554]
[3.917252540588379]
[1.4363666772842407]
[3.1692581176757812]
[3.8565030097961426]
[3.1320602893829346]
[0.20896147191524506]
[3.7657196521759033]
[3.911952257156372]
[14.93183708190918]
[2.0793354511260986]
[29.51392364501953]
[9.542577743530273]
[0.342924565076828]
[4.665647029876709]
[0.15097074210643768]
[0.8149349093437195]
[1.8925082683563232]
[1.9618160724639893]
[0.3847191333770752]
[0.948107898235321]
[12.501832008361816]
[0.1728115975856781]
[110.54362487792969]
[13.845026016235352]
[0.8177564144134521]
[0.3900541663169861]
[2.9150989055633545]
[5.173542022705078]
[9.684855461120605]
[2.762336492538452]
[6114.736328125]
[2.0646615028381348]
[0.4125354290008545]
[15.235969543457031]
[64.83592224121094]
[28.433900833129883]
[3.033341646194458]
[0.24638435244560242]
[5.604240894317627]
[1.461541771888733]
[42.038330078125]
[98.58566284179688]
[2.500295639038086]
[0.4910164773464203]
[1.3266681432724]
[12.676098823547363]
[44.2092399597168]
[4.320308685302734]
[0.681540846824646]
[54.80583190917969]
[0.8526460528373718]
[3.4302825927734375]
[0.24847406148910522]
[10293.5234375]
[1.068558931350708]
[0.43003615736961365]
[5.850039005279541]
[0.5211202502250671]
[2.190018653869629]
[0.2499554306268692]
[0.29429951310157776]
[7.0428972244262695]
[3.3609063625335693]
[4.0740132331848145]
[0.4506427049636841]
[2.880960702896118]
[1.5260025262832642]
[20.441518783569336]
[3.209296226501465]
[38.24345016479492]
[15.359411239624023]
[33.28672790527344]
[0.6501724720001221]
[1.7730218172073364]
[4.018121719360352]
[21.220008850097656]
[0.49359139800071716]
[0.9128379821777344]
[0.5116275548934937]
[0.4880608022212982]
[6.622053146362305]
[1.3301475048065186]
[1.8725780248641968]
[154.23829650878906]
[0.8096465468406677]
[458.3837585449219]
[3.945638418197632]
[44.65703582763672]
[8.882737159729004]
[1.4769331216812134]
[258.25604248046875]
[26.481149673461914]
[2.000427484512329]
[0.4096408188343048]
[104.19772338867188]
[0.29065650701522827]
[12.330377578735352]
[0.2580101490020752]
[2.078822135925293]
[0.22772613167762756]
[0.18361391127109528]
[1.6939668655395508]
[11.334790229797363]
[0.1426110565662384]
[36.936405181884766]
[1.4554455280303955]
[0.19103403389453888]
[1.518991231918335]
[20.798851013183594]
[0.754869818687439]
[0.6685459613800049]
[0.20892475545406342]
[2.106116533279419]
[0.18511174619197845]
[1.6840298175811768]
[2.423020124435425]
[2.1027474403381348]
[3.7536721229553223]
[11.157271385192871]
[0.2595837116241455]
[39.48390197753906]
[0.362574964761734]
[33.354496002197266]
[0.10433660447597504]
[42.312042236328125]
[27.484689712524414]
[0.23547880351543427]
[27.693567276000977]
[1.3447147607803345]
[1.458675503730774]
[0.10433012247085571]
[34.297523498535156]
[1.527641773223877]
[25.95172691345215]
[0.45511379837989807]
[0.10647023469209671]
[3.203162908554077]
[0.8881782293319702]
[1.7854446172714233]
[0.5744852423667908]
[1.0384068489074707]
[0.15772917866706848]
[865.6755981445312]
[0.1795717030763626]
[0.5493096709251404]
[1.7494720220565796]
[0.8384230732917786]
[1.3618220090866089]
[96.90817260742188]
[24.14765167236328]
[2.631457805633545]
[0.32791078090667725]
[14.297039031982422]
[0.8329303860664368]
[21.713293075561523]
[22.1384334564209]
[1.5756311416625977]
[19.24396324157715]
[0.3980449438095093]
[0.31776607036590576]
[0.33166512846946716]
[0.47784072160720825]
[2.1125802993774414]
[30.103647232055664]
[22.001087188720703]
[0.3979243338108063]
[3.4680914878845215]
[16.65505027770996]
[4.478529453277588]
[10.127805709838867]
[1.4385865926742554]
[4.987616539001465]
[0.6625823378562927]
[0.5067518949508667]
[2.724703788757324]
[4.127195358276367]
[23.700119018554688]
[26.625591278076172]
[50.40400314331055]
[1.7335759401321411]
[0.420548677444458]
[0.7245907783508301]
[0.4378080666065216]
[19.643630981445312]
[0.3907936215400696]
[4.658497333526611]
[23.932626724243164]
[1.2942012548446655]
[0.40976935625076294]
[0.4278176426887512]
[0.7103283405303955]
[0.8989971876144409]
[1.2449740171432495]
[2.2609243392944336]
[0.1960223913192749]
[16.431493759155273]
[0.6948428153991699]
[2.4076101779937744]
[22.648752212524414]
[4.163812160491943]
[58.19303894042969]
[17.285114288330078]
[6.429912090301514]
[1.7011137008666992]
[0.15182483196258545]
[5.057368755340576]
[2.1804566383361816]
[1.5775022506713867]
[0.8787890672683716]
[0.17501717805862427]
[0.9880147576332092]
[12.901078224182129]
[0.3638498783111572]
[1.5226826667785645]
[1.2711081504821777]
[0.5426170229911804]
[3.1469390392303467]
[0.3121180832386017]
[1.3933976888656616]
[0.39885544776916504]
[13.76407241821289]
[2.4545586109161377]
[2.107767343521118]
[0.9473568797111511]
[9.637445449829102]
[266.5256042480469]
[1.8848583698272705]
[0.3477599322795868]
[0.5231227278709412]
[23.940431594848633]
[21.40298843383789]
[0.5649333000183105]
[0.5838284492492676]
[5.812443256378174]
[1.1225632429122925]
[8.870054244995117]
[0.3595982789993286]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.2915375828742981]
[9.050941467285156]
[0.1319885402917862]
[3.2516446113586426]
[10.607868194580078]
[6.783057689666748]
[10.600013732910156]
[0.16487157344818115]
[0.5412222146987915]
[0.3626837134361267]
[6.507215976715088]
[10.127410888671875]
[0.7763936519622803]
[0.17576925456523895]
[0.18804821372032166]
[0.1568869650363922]
[1.2968777418136597]
[1.1482713222503662]
[1.2451621294021606]
[1.8254106044769287]
[1.8569259643554688]
[3.204591989517212]
[2.694101333618164]
[1.1670162677764893]
[0.13735061883926392]
[1.2997970581054688]
[4.829116344451904]
[0.556964099407196]
[0.43089935183525085]
[0.34469887614250183]
[2.3355588912963867]
[16.933263778686523]
[1.486208200454712]
[0.1255667358636856]
[0.25400757789611816]
[20.585033416748047]
[2.107090950012207]
[0.9206234812736511]
[1.4053477048873901]
[0.3294650614261627]
[1.1833255290985107]
[0.4505373239517212]
[0.472856342792511]
[0.6601356267929077]
[33.17806625366211]
[1.4052741527557373]
[1.5067474842071533]
[4.391002655029297]
[9.924866676330566]
[0.257637619972229]
[0.5992434024810791]
[2.775193691253662]
[11.913415908813477]
[420.0755615234375]
[1.3785486221313477]
[3.639641046524048]
[1.5345861911773682]
[1.6481366157531738]
[0.770455539226532]
[2.2812273502349854]
[0.4264061450958252]
[7.535772800445557]
[2.299044609069824]
[2.915757656097412]
[1.3175179958343506]
[41.473838806152344]
[3.0983898639678955]
[1.232590675354004]
[0.3061867356300354]
[11.880657196044922]
[0.3487216830253601]
[2.9866559505462646]
[0.616888701915741]
[0.14384473860263824]
[2.6562070846557617]
[0.6857291460037231]
[8.695029258728027]
[13.800753593444824]
[1389.1248779296875]
[9.728643417358398]
[1.6145466566085815]
[3.991197109222412]
[794.6484985351562]
[0.1128305122256279]
[2.4767351150512695]
[0.12743283808231354]
[0.22834639251232147]
[1.048931360244751]
[0.08597297966480255]
[7.211801052093506]
[1.2184970378875732]
[3.7115345001220703]
[1.925795316696167]
[3.601198196411133]
[0.3639061450958252]
[1.5649542808532715]
[0.9026879668235779]
[0.6096625328063965]
[1.0881415605545044]
[0.041134171187877655]
[1494.9510498046875]
[84.54035949707031]
[0.5477868318557739]
[1.1924595832824707]
[4.424302577972412]
[13.064373970031738]
[1.839321255683899]
[0.4917980432510376]
[45.76299285888672]
[13.376211166381836]
[0.11983108520507812]
[0.15653154253959656]
[0.22920522093772888]
[1.7411803007125854]
[0.5365089178085327]
[2.5912396907806396]
[0.5086784362792969]
[1.2096256017684937]
[0.423329621553421]
[0.7863578200340271]
[1.4273627996444702]
[5.122378349304199]
[21.642244338989258]
[0.9483010172843933]
[2.546856164932251]
[5.947319984436035]
[0.21330894529819489]
[7.237697601318359]
[1.9563664197921753]
[54.69746398925781]
[0.05276048183441162]
[1.1358782052993774]
[0.7880383133888245]
[0.8891460299491882]
[0.9320493936538696]
[0.5930727124214172]
[0.4806113839149475]
[1.844690203666687]
[74.84689331054688]
[1.44572114944458]
[2.0063185691833496]
[0.8045529723167419]
[1.9899547100067139]
[0.6988763213157654]
[3.1773300170898438]
[4.926187038421631]
[0.1362656205892563]
[52.02289962768555]
[1.2787822484970093]
[0.03828028589487076]
[5.693574905395508]
[0.2869265675544739]
[1.663931131362915]
[1.3773924112319946]
[0.3265552222728729]
[66.42498779296875]
[1.252721905708313]
[2.8386154174804688]
[44.56005859375]
[0.7848177552223206]
[1.7423477172851562]
[7.515020847320557]
[0.07678548991680145]
[2.2293448448181152]
[1.7310911417007446]
[0.9391337633132935]
[0.617016613483429]
[0.5236600637435913]
[0.49952393770217896]
[8.717108726501465]
[0.1098727285861969]
[0.9131404757499695]
[92.59579467773438]
[0.4338241219520569]
[0.9469274282455444]
[0.19117076694965363]
[0.837705671787262]
[4.030599117279053]
[1.7998238801956177]
[1.6099929809570312]
[1.1532636880874634]
[1.1566343307495117]
[31.483205795288086]
[1.00700843334198]
[0.4131276607513428]
[0.45575690269470215]
[0.47453024983406067]
[0.1284017264842987]
[2.2843549251556396]
[0.25375211238861084]
[3.72086763381958]
[0.47429680824279785]
[28.223743438720703]
[2.331321954727173]
[0.44554638862609863]
[1.1267411708831787]
[1.6390224695205688]
[0.34858763217926025]
[2.3403425216674805]
[0.5813567638397217]
[0.20032131671905518]
[17.131298065185547]
[32.961029052734375]
[0.11672060191631317]
[0.7224141955375671]
[0.36305272579193115]
[0.6282545924186707]
[0.0923505499958992]
[184.5775604248047]
[0.1531742811203003]
[0.33392733335494995]
[2.509061813354492]
[2.2023696899414062]
[3.7708652019500732]
[0.23352870345115662]
[0.2253856509923935]
[0.11412052810192108]
[0.07851799577474594]
[1.7179867029190063]
[0.1990686058998108]
[0.8957650065422058]
[0.8684858679771423]
[0.4820692837238312]
[1.232743740081787]
[3.8168680667877197]
[0.08860231190919876]
[0.07157740741968155]
[0.19576717913150787]
[0.27979838848114014]
[0.4291153848171234]
[0.4023466408252716]
[6.485468864440918]
[1.7221661806106567]
[0.28077688813209534]
[0.17680016160011292]
[0.6459782123565674]
[2956.7294921875]
[0.36854293942451477]
[0.09562588483095169]
[2.634416103363037]
[4.152403831481934]
[0.8936715722084045]
[0.14386475086212158]
[0.7081824541091919]
[0.6239906549453735]
[1.3773568868637085]
[3.6109890937805176]
[6.7036285400390625]
[0.4702877104282379]
[1.6289622783660889]
[1.2674400806427002]
[0.19291755557060242]
[0.11755761504173279]
[6.759872913360596]
[6.834774017333984]
[0.8471574187278748]
[0.3319060504436493]
[6.428065299987793]
[0.08709695190191269]
[0.8778817653656006]
[0.15396064519882202]
[1.4470880031585693]
[5.965775966644287]
[4.468362331390381]
[1.193070888519287]
[0.7602388262748718]
[12.05916976928711]
[0.9825814962387085]
[4.40333366394043]
[0.27372777462005615]
[0.18926243484020233]
[1.2145501375198364]
[10.003724098205566]
[1.6375383138656616]
[9.374908447265625]
[0.19804663956165314]
[119.8481674194336]
[0.6800611615180969]
[1.1478271484375]
[0.09276603907346725]
[1.9567980766296387]
[0.365884006023407]
[4.482062339782715]
[0.04557668790221214]
[1.1271047592163086]
[6.016232967376709]
[1.5301364660263062]
[1.4126399755477905]
[1.2130305767059326]
[0.22077776491641998]
[5.3988542556762695]
[3.432753324508667]
[114.14472961425781]
[1918.25341796875]
[0.09364648163318634]
[1.551877737045288]
[0.12325814366340637]
[1.6796104907989502]
[0.35611283779144287]
[0.1110868752002716]
[2.6956980228424072]
[0.8493587970733643]
[1.0183959007263184]
[5.228315353393555]
[0.07343009114265442]
[2.8915047645568848]
[0.09558642655611038]
[1.3960837125778198]
[1.0341626405715942]
[13.259766578674316]
[0.3032298982143402]
[4.6277546882629395]
[0.9609137773513794]
[150.99806213378906]
[0.6050294637680054]
[1.2688429355621338]
[2.1802284717559814]
[1.7252708673477173]
[0.09517174959182739]
[1.1120388507843018]
[4.911721706390381]
[0.7770664691925049]
[34.5787467956543]
[1.7155494689941406]
[1.057360053062439]
[1.3761287927627563]
[0.24695906043052673]
[0.7755043506622314]
[0.21133676171302795]
[0.1942790001630783]
[0.15667131543159485]
[0.8645330667495728]
[0.23572438955307007]
[2.4783313274383545]
[0.26781612634658813]
[3.279815673828125]
[1.7484718561172485]
[0.9834495782852173]
[2051.9208984375]
[23.479951858520508]
[19.517351150512695]
[0.10217445343732834]
[0.23011267185211182]
[5.3747758865356445]
[1.7691584825515747]
[540.002197265625]
[5.824700832366943]
[5.503424644470215]
[6.4015374183654785]
[15.830809593200684]
[10.232766151428223]
[7.296603202819824]
[0.9988741278648376]
[0.6608954668045044]
[0.2548135817050934]
[1.3297196626663208]
[1.691902756690979]
[0.347059965133667]
[16.214750289916992]
[1657.1708984375]
[0.3867641091346741]
[0.826602578163147]
[3.850297212600708]
[0.133710578083992]
[4.627774715423584]
[6.294568061828613]
[546.737548828125]
[7.023466110229492]
[0.33815476298332214]
[0.25142902135849]
[0.529812216758728]
[0.7125551104545593]
[4.265718460083008]
[0.8465366363525391]
[5.448706150054932]
[146.25173950195312]
[6.6721696853637695]
[1.1436697244644165]
[7.282254695892334]
[0.1071537658572197]
[1.7612401247024536]
[1.2745423316955566]
[16.475269317626953]
[1.5160325765609741]
[1.0053787231445312]
[0.9571385383605957]
[0.43926796317100525]
[1.215518832206726]
[0.17689067125320435]
[0.15075120329856873]
[0.6059522032737732]
[1.7667381763458252]
[0.10095109045505524]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.0654168128967285]
[0.36728519201278687]
[0.07989095151424408]
[0.1474304348230362]
[1.2270961999893188]
[0.3085785210132599]
[0.1174265667796135]
[19.98126983642578]
[0.16466110944747925]
[0.17947646975517273]
[0.2920438051223755]
[0.7420380115509033]
[0.8103452324867249]
[0.08445844054222107]
[0.21214690804481506]
[0.10058117657899857]
[0.130994975566864]
[0.44637393951416016]
[0.3635789752006531]
[0.09159471839666367]
[0.44492051005363464]
[0.1553487628698349]
[1.704553246498108]
[9.411928176879883]
[3.0373568534851074]
[0.4202634394168854]
[0.1890352964401245]
[188.12303161621094]
[0.653881847858429]
[0.2709241509437561]
[1.2454912662506104]
[62.05143737792969]
[181.91453552246094]
[1.9156849384307861]
[0.8600543737411499]
[0.5856660604476929]
[1.027908444404602]
[0.7867240905761719]
[0.11882699280977249]
[0.08230097591876984]
[34.46693801879883]
[0.2645682990550995]
[0.06891515105962753]
[0.08023686707019806]
[0.8173924088478088]
[1.0932199954986572]
[0.7286475896835327]
[0.8468981385231018]
[3.923168659210205]
[0.5634452104568481]
[2.3130903244018555]
[2.308424472808838]
[45.15293884277344]
[0.7309523224830627]
[0.20820990204811096]
[0.4901590049266815]
[0.21662111580371857]
[1.6366249322891235]
[1073.878662109375]
[3.1584417819976807]
[0.07904528826475143]
[0.07193407416343689]
[1.5858509540557861]
[173.9364471435547]
[0.3264811038970947]
[0.32161062955856323]
[0.6139665842056274]
[0.6194944977760315]
[0.224861741065979]
[0.09127048403024673]
[1.3913253545761108]
[0.49076396226882935]
[0.978862464427948]
[5.311648368835449]
[18.44056510925293]
[0.06364753842353821]
[0.09370916336774826]
[0.20744210481643677]
[6.331643581390381]
[5.33003044128418]
[3.2454802989959717]
[2.5441744327545166]
[0.12154412269592285]
[1.003032922744751]
[0.21559996902942657]
[27.01266860961914]
[0.5400046110153198]
[3.2524359226226807]
[2.144362449645996]
[0.3141438961029053]
[2.1540474891662598]
[14.57480239868164]
[4.595792770385742]
[0.8939210772514343]
[0.13882564008235931]
[0.3696289360523224]
[0.7821553945541382]
[0.13047407567501068]
[3.2590503692626953]
[0.3795706033706665]
[0.24872909486293793]
[0.10054276138544083]
[0.23295356333255768]
[0.6682079434394836]
[2.5784173011779785]
[14.584685325622559]
[2.0406882762908936]
[0.48573577404022217]
[0.0524834580719471]
[0.11581303924322128]
[0.37572619318962097]
[0.4542549252510071]
[0.803130030632019]
[0.2428508996963501]
[5.266050815582275]
[2.3939499855041504]
[1.7950072288513184]
[0.10420671105384827]
[2.5129871368408203]
[2.848916530609131]
[0.9319812655448914]
[1.3627749681472778]
[0.43167319893836975]
[0.554145336151123]
[0.13723722100257874]
[0.7808553576469421]
[2.8407986164093018]
[0.35633784532546997]
[0.5397587418556213]
[0.2100653499364853]
[0.0775953158736229]
[2.7576591968536377]
[0.06838276237249374]
[0.3736390173435211]
[0.4569437503814697]
[1.12943434715271]
[0.1726061850786209]
[1.4193203449249268]
[0.2843106985092163]
[0.15074236690998077]
[0.0828448235988617]
[0.29693442583084106]
[0.5298040509223938]
[4.375450611114502]
[0.6371723413467407]
[560.2256469726562]
[0.1702500730752945]
[18.303621292114258]
[2.04801082611084]
[1.2469984292984009]
[0.34628504514694214]
[0.6617338061332703]
[1.185119390487671]
[0.1520579755306244]
[0.41810858249664307]
[0.7413796186447144]
[1.1590330600738525]
[0.06554769724607468]
[0.13077175617218018]
[2.2439239025115967]
[0.08325519412755966]
[7.318953037261963]
[9.385313987731934]
[2.0648109912872314]
[0.09599392116069794]
[0.8524033427238464]
[2.2375457286834717]
[2.8859646320343018]
[0.8529701828956604]
[0.07046633958816528]
[0.5878531336784363]
[43.58006286621094]
[0.5076019763946533]
[2.665518283843994]
[0.11507114768028259]
[0.7083399891853333]
[0.092074915766716]
[0.1303783357143402]
[0.1634015291929245]
[0.4568009674549103]
[1.803626537322998]
[0.9466594457626343]
[8.454834938049316]
[0.1514933556318283]
[69.38463592529297]
[8.499748229980469]
[0.4611099660396576]
[0.47589409351348877]
[1.156686782836914]
[1.1556049585342407]
[0.33810919523239136]
[3.282468795776367]
[0.09567484259605408]
[3.564690351486206]
[0.09513406455516815]
[0.8230786919593811]
[0.6463575959205627]
[0.3455309569835663]
[0.522345244884491]
[0.1912936270236969]
[0.23477286100387573]
[0.33357834815979004]
[0.13997328281402588]
[0.298438161611557]
[0.5816170573234558]
[3.2596468925476074]
[0.35478824377059937]
[2.3477730751037598]
[1.4722212553024292]
[0.7982052564620972]
[0.07444228231906891]
[0.32296043634414673]
[0.613505482673645]
[2.7507870197296143]
[0.2800544500350952]
[505.081787109375]
[0.3633291721343994]
[2.382930278778076]
[0.14965945482254028]
[0.12497429549694061]
[2.0985660552978516]
[3.9319021701812744]
[0.7417839169502258]
[0.6962805390357971]
[0.7005265951156616]
[1.050232172012329]
[0.46691131591796875]
[0.8729915022850037]
[1.6239793300628662]
[0.08046446740627289]
[0.5813807249069214]
[34.96279525756836]
[0.07366465777158737]
[56.0772705078125]
[0.2552272081375122]
[0.1693483144044876]
[3.573808193206787]
[0.7949097156524658]
[0.9179145693778992]
[0.8541706800460815]
[0.13529056310653687]
[4.739913463592529]
[3.448099374771118]
[0.8833350539207458]
[0.7670711278915405]
[1.0682951211929321]
[0.12773478031158447]
[1.9675467014312744]
[0.16063153743743896]
[15.338994979858398]
[0.3789212703704834]
[1.4329429864883423]
[5.154139995574951]
[2.788168430328369]
[0.7213127613067627]
[1.3201016187667847]
[0.32312026619911194]
[0.2327864021062851]
[0.7516855001449585]
[0.2676509916782379]
[0.4740361273288727]
[0.21835075318813324]
[0.1278843879699707]
[9.756006240844727]
[0.19821079075336456]
[1849.4793701171875]
[2.910654067993164]
[0.6935791969299316]
[0.06703037023544312]
[1.0108898878097534]
[4.544278144836426]
[2.4531614780426025]
[0.04940987005829811]
[0.5581299662590027]
[44.658992767333984]
[2.549528121948242]
[153.98358154296875]
[0.49348390102386475]
[0.857775866985321]
[3.886308193206787]
[2.8340563774108887]
[0.1068594679236412]
[0.08222828805446625]
[0.3283874988555908]
[0.49531975388526917]
[1.10506272315979]
[0.6288942098617554]
[0.758441686630249]
[3.779831886291504]
[0.7299843430519104]
[1.394010066986084]
[0.9680635333061218]
[0.9460647702217102]
[0.759653627872467]
[2.1402852535247803]
[0.1276991218328476]
[0.2375965118408203]
[1.3534296751022339]
[374.1290283203125]
[0.14563365280628204]
[2.1515696048736572]
[2.012491226196289]
[2.293511152267456]
[0.4019271731376648]
[0.059181831777095795]
[1.7588919401168823]
[1.4330922365188599]
[4.472161293029785]
[0.20565909147262573]
[0.08090135455131531]
[0.7314938306808472]
[0.4809897541999817]
[3.1588540077209473]
[0.2012840211391449]
[3.7897982597351074]
[0.07781244069337845]
[3.274587392807007]
[4.080676555633545]
[1.671542763710022]
[0.30995601415634155]
[0.2526337504386902]
[1.7691720724105835]
[3.5819716453552246]
[0.19895708560943604]
[2.095534324645996]
[1.0268744230270386]
[1.124520182609558]
[1.779016137123108]
[1.8044389486312866]
[39.863250732421875]
[0.9689300656318665]
[0.46303072571754456]
[0.07053106278181076]
[280.8742370605469]
[0.17630551755428314]
[1.0084820985794067]
[47.87849426269531]
[0.09653085470199585]
[4.635458469390869]
[2.893000602722168]
[1.1447468996047974]
[3.5159051418304443]
[0.10845967382192612]
[0.3004224896430969]
[1.7522032260894775]
[0.11537966877222061]
[0.28524482250213623]
[0.21820729970932007]
[0.4729745388031006]
[0.10977623611688614]
[0.1999642699956894]
[0.9902753233909607]
[0.4453129172325134]
[0.8381655216217041]
[0.5210012197494507]
[0.13767890632152557]
[0.09867262840270996]
[1.9384289979934692]
[0.4496119022369385]
[0.7087494134902954]
[0.29585203528404236]
[0.09145178645849228]
[2.9774985313415527]
[0.6988421082496643]
[0.32057663798332214]
[0.6868302226066589]
[0.15463754534721375]
[2.1503336429595947]
[0.34221556782722473]
[0.9723763465881348]
[11.431601524353027]
[0.5853304862976074]
[0.39038464426994324]
[0.23556438088417053]
[0.5856565237045288]
[0.421642005443573]
[0.347263902425766]
[1.553868293762207]
[4.124211311340332]
[0.5876147747039795]
[1.8894275426864624]
[0.5646085143089294]
[0.9585320353507996]
[0.42685943841934204]
[0.43731144070625305]
[2.08982253074646]
[0.10762819647789001]
[1.9307551383972168]
[37.946998596191406]
[0.3321579098701477]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.15889039635658264]
[4.628763198852539]
[0.23039403557777405]
[30.938268661499023]
[4.458238124847412]
[12.369026184082031]
[2.427020311355591]
[0.5363153219223022]
[0.1465597003698349]
[1.6849277019500732]
[0.9842908978462219]
[0.2020663022994995]
[1.2019336223602295]
[1.8487730026245117]
[2.8161399364471436]
[0.8393838405609131]
[2.126250982284546]
[0.3086530566215515]
[0.11897822469472885]
[0.058807630091905594]
[0.31945693492889404]
[2.6048879623413086]
[1.271715521812439]
[1.1259998083114624]
[0.5417541265487671]
[0.0250669177621603]
[0.11011222749948502]
[0.6733482480049133]
[0.8740177750587463]
[0.12533196806907654]
[0.5252170562744141]
[0.11253932118415833]
[0.058940958231687546]
[0.3550378680229187]
[2.7637035846710205]
[0.10563299059867859]
[0.4735054075717926]
[68.57803344726562]
[1.4029699563980103]
[2.455639123916626]
[0.8998480439186096]
[1.1092009544372559]
[3799.52197265625]
[119.24897766113281]
[0.47906631231307983]
[2.123817205429077]
[0.1998266577720642]
[0.19702886044979095]
[0.9611694812774658]
[0.06257006525993347]
[2.1606252193450928]
[0.05911453068256378]
[0.08013027161359787]
[1.5091657638549805]
[0.06320571154356003]
[2.9416327476501465]
[0.8348201513290405]
[0.5065038800239563]
[0.47409236431121826]
[0.06550820171833038]
[0.9593701362609863]
[8.317008018493652]
[0.9934384226799011]
[0.06682907789945602]
[4.079654693603516]
[0.17358270287513733]
[0.3921352028846741]
[4.76692008972168]
[113.56529998779297]
[5.298557758331299]
[0.09287300705909729]
[0.2870000898838043]
[1.7663590908050537]
[7.779251575469971]
[185.2292022705078]
[0.9146839380264282]
[43.20171356201172]
[0.2661222219467163]
[0.8731386065483093]
[0.35632866621017456]
[0.9314682483673096]
[0.3797593414783478]
[59.171199798583984]
[0.8189305067062378]
[53.02348709106445]
[0.9111716747283936]
[20.3425235748291]
[1.0184741020202637]
[0.3319966197013855]
[2939.52978515625]
[0.9877218008041382]
[1.511863350868225]
[0.23304566740989685]
[0.6614927053451538]
[6.031373500823975]
[0.757174551486969]
[40.12222671508789]
[1.083400011062622]
[1.3625749349594116]
[1128.3115234375]
[1.0983294248580933]
[1.1022578477859497]
[92.43160247802734]
[0.2188277244567871]
[0.11900442093610764]
[0.13067872822284698]
[36.21764373779297]
[8.8289213180542]
[0.579053521156311]
[0.1648624986410141]
[0.4213322699069977]
[0.6533204913139343]
[2.4834346771240234]
[0.18653547763824463]
[3.553504705429077]
[3.6956448554992676]
[0.9448931813240051]
[0.18363609910011292]
[1.5280473232269287]
[1.3961350917816162]
[1.4701002836227417]
[585.4562377929688]
[1.3125882148742676]
[0.6665508151054382]
[1.7389849424362183]
[7.0028533935546875]
[0.29393231868743896]
[1.3943268060684204]
[0.38622260093688965]
[2.3470356464385986]
[0.16973374783992767]
[0.6615135073661804]
[0.16444244980812073]
[1.8875788450241089]
[8.758602142333984]
[0.7442936897277832]
[0.5068971514701843]
[2.2062864303588867]
[1.7493170499801636]
[0.23793508112430573]
[42.67684555053711]
[0.053880151361227036]
[0.44410866498947144]
[0.24889570474624634]
[0.18133783340454102]
[0.6810270547866821]
[0.06321429461240768]
[0.4114164412021637]
[0.06908705830574036]
[0.5264999866485596]
[2.9536075592041016]
[0.7217941284179688]
[22.155628204345703]
[0.49121174216270447]
[0.9874228835105896]
[1.8407833576202393]
[1.6501039266586304]
[0.22555439174175262]
[1.4855680465698242]
[4.101424694061279]
[0.8496085405349731]
[0.1973002403974533]
[1.0917755365371704]
[0.386440634727478]
[1.8474639654159546]
[0.302715927362442]
[16.293439865112305]
[1.8150633573532104]
[8.019464492797852]
[1.6592642068862915]
[0.4351779520511627]
[0.13571883738040924]
[0.2509959042072296]
[0.5911660194396973]
[1.601566195487976]
[0.3723447024822235]
[1.700472116470337]
[0.49624210596084595]
[2.481285333633423]
[0.19505226612091064]
[7.215585708618164]
[195.54824829101562]
[3.1101038455963135]
[1.0083459615707397]
[0.746988832950592]
[8.299650192260742]
[18.89817237854004]
[0.13913802802562714]
[1.623000979423523]
[0.4946843385696411]
[2.8719022274017334]
[0.7105541825294495]
[2.078925609588623]
[0.11446455866098404]
[14.01363754272461]
[0.1256713718175888]
[3.900583267211914]
[0.08037208765745163]
[0.6632412672042847]
[0.1492350995540619]
[0.558855414390564]
[0.2222098410129547]
[0.1580379605293274]
[1.3842065334320068]
[0.5530977845191956]
[0.17098309099674225]
[1.543521523475647]
[1.7890640497207642]
[0.6129574775695801]
[0.817288339138031]
[0.4468521773815155]
[0.14361239969730377]
[0.2049858272075653]
[0.3655420243740082]
[1.2411631345748901]
[1.7570527791976929]
[0.350885808467865]
[0.2459232658147812]
[0.10466346889734268]
[2.6604983806610107]
[0.14636915922164917]
[0.27844470739364624]
[0.11243778467178345]
[0.5818736553192139]
[0.19707395136356354]
[0.22363875806331635]
[0.4963345229625702]
[1.5062735080718994]
[3.0421078205108643]
[0.6588603258132935]
[7.27731466293335]
[0.33828961849212646]
[0.07261893153190613]
[1.8694407939910889]
[0.19903238117694855]
[3.8239452838897705]
[2.392026662826538]
[0.1984460949897766]
[0.45934903621673584]
[0.08264145255088806]
[0.2807212769985199]
[0.5744995474815369]
[0.2934785485267639]
[1.6575589179992676]
[6.890862941741943]
[2.1165857315063477]
[0.5171151757240295]
[5.948049545288086]
[0.3275296092033386]
[0.059384800493717194]
[0.9614309668540955]
[0.1612417846918106]
[0.31412577629089355]
[0.9716377854347229]
[0.2894161343574524]
[0.23786860704421997]
[0.2763286828994751]
[0.5362940430641174]
[0.09200393408536911]
[0.37548142671585083]
[0.7745044827461243]
[0.13527588546276093]
[0.1419869065284729]
[0.5297643542289734]
[0.12634669244289398]
[0.8772535920143127]
[69.64494323730469]
[6.9764251708984375]
[6.643982410430908]
[1.6017334461212158]
[0.9844679236412048]
[1.072726845741272]
[0.888536810874939]
[0.1880936622619629]
[0.7240631580352783]
[3.0204012393951416]
[0.07365716248750687]
[1.2716163396835327]
[1.3720884323120117]
[0.2953149080276489]
[0.12022408843040466]
[0.17896747589111328]
[0.03295540437102318]
[33.307289123535156]
[3.4525747299194336]
[1.508609652519226]
[3.6464240550994873]
[0.18542911112308502]
[0.05468043312430382]
[0.26504573225975037]
[0.06724297255277634]
[0.8200963735580444]
[0.8567525744438171]
[0.9646499156951904]
[0.6382878422737122]
[0.044875431805849075]
[0.5925852060317993]
[0.4176607131958008]
[0.8443971872329712]
[0.060661181807518005]
[2.02652645111084]
[0.059782352298498154]
[0.23052234947681427]
[2.380756378173828]
[5.287181854248047]
[0.8449082970619202]
[1.4525619745254517]
[115.67401123046875]
[0.20104101300239563]
[0.04425138980150223]
[1.5862880945205688]
[0.42121627926826477]
[0.9185115098953247]
[0.4477108418941498]
[6.253406524658203]
[0.10886193066835403]
[0.3618242144584656]
[1.2028199434280396]
[3.9273276329040527]
[5.979628086090088]
[0.7704142928123474]
[50.99119567871094]
[0.11953309923410416]
[0.8751340508460999]
[2.5367841720581055]
[0.29706642031669617]
[0.15052810311317444]
[0.4531826078891754]
[0.40242087841033936]
[0.7445593476295471]
[0.620199978351593]
[2.1058530807495117]
[0.5474816560745239]
[3.1200380325317383]
[5.436182975769043]
[2.6544415950775146]
[5.186740875244141]
[1.213442325592041]
[0.08912908285856247]
[7.150630950927734]
[0.16133831441402435]
[1.3364351987838745]
[0.08136772364377975]
[3.9680771827697754]
[0.07608276605606079]
[1.8584275245666504]
[1.1180834770202637]
[0.4137333333492279]
[0.07937832176685333]
[0.29941326379776]
[0.09146147966384888]
[2.5193588733673096]
[1.2293555736541748]
[2.2213475704193115]
[1.134692668914795]
[0.5594938397407532]
[4.835128307342529]
[0.08951340615749359]
[0.4040520489215851]
[0.609590470790863]
[7.67469596862793]
[1.7145559787750244]
[0.3122794032096863]
[19.8381404876709]
[6.832672595977783]
[0.7396177649497986]
[1.551161766052246]
[1.6510047912597656]
[2.8619489669799805]
[0.9477365016937256]
[3.656724452972412]
[66.67803955078125]
[0.2680749297142029]
[3.5128087997436523]
[5.28714656829834]
[1.4306044578552246]
[0.4304980933666229]
[0.34199145436286926]
[1.1618504524230957]
[3.3328115940093994]
[0.6745820045471191]
[0.139565572142601]
[4.707003116607666]
[0.7844908237457275]
[1.5790716409683228]
[0.21299628913402557]
[0.44661495089530945]
[1.0693385601043701]
[18.468612670898438]
[0.06928105652332306]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[5.655635833740234]
[1.6398251056671143]
[0.06985999643802643]
[0.6006498336791992]
[1.2045302391052246]
[2.686450481414795]
[3.4579362869262695]
[0.09515047073364258]
[4.3735222816467285]
[0.6040754318237305]
[5.677900791168213]
[0.08205335587263107]
[0.07194583863019943]
[0.5260776281356812]
[0.530010998249054]
[0.35683125257492065]
[0.23940762877464294]
[0.31702280044555664]
[0.3419979214668274]
[0.224878191947937]
[0.27966877818107605]
[0.15900085866451263]
[5.7492241859436035]
[0.5956422686576843]
[0.38470709323883057]
[0.1632891595363617]
[1.5340850353240967]
[0.32252776622772217]
[3.016014337539673]
[0.2683897912502289]
[2.05370831489563]
[0.16903452575206757]
[0.09275490045547485]
[0.9810121059417725]
[0.13566116988658905]
[2.3723230361938477]
[1.0162922143936157]
[0.6075743436813354]
[0.7104703783988953]
[1.8039973974227905]
[0.19526538252830505]
[0.27089038491249084]
[0.07815316319465637]
[0.5137416124343872]
[0.6510040163993835]
[3.6357064247131348]
[0.2427479773759842]
[0.546883225440979]
[0.6659730672836304]
[0.07224258780479431]
[1.061872124671936]
[3.2091524600982666]
[1.844253420829773]
[0.07077030837535858]
[2.5369908809661865]
[3.694028377532959]
[0.6273567080497742]
[1.593781590461731]
[0.9153606295585632]
[0.056270748376846313]
[60.628231048583984]
[0.4333489239215851]
[3.218947649002075]
[0.06943710148334503]
[1.5400084257125854]
[0.36354920268058777]
[0.191212996840477]
[0.045974016189575195]
[0.5319213271141052]
[4.47930383682251]
[0.5995047688484192]
[1.2530794143676758]
[0.20170944929122925]
[0.05279373750090599]
[0.17481273412704468]
[663.92919921875]
[0.7975746989250183]
[1.2560738325119019]
[5.752076625823975]
[11.840868949890137]
[0.029891880229115486]
[0.6741979718208313]
[22.503772735595703]
[0.537406325340271]
[0.04188835620880127]
[0.4168205261230469]
[0.048048701137304306]
[26.500051498413086]
[0.16118186712265015]
[0.0590902604162693]
[3.1370553970336914]
[0.06478366255760193]
[0.06499414891004562]
[0.8714768290519714]
[0.9092453718185425]
[8.767946243286133]
[0.5062669515609741]
[0.21246784925460815]
[0.37174737453460693]
[37.656471252441406]
[1.6721680164337158]
[3.7486391067504883]
[0.4459955096244812]
[0.5420739650726318]
[0.12242633104324341]
[3.2156119346618652]
[1.3473901748657227]
[1.0907950401306152]
[0.9446973204612732]
[0.05707933381199837]
[1.3534514904022217]
[0.25356024503707886]
[0.5689678192138672]
[0.11998367309570312]
[0.6561006307601929]
[0.058056604117155075]
[2.282827377319336]
[0.48071038722991943]
[5.646462917327881]
[0.7893422842025757]
[2.879944086074829]
[0.157281756401062]
[0.05436897650361061]
[0.2506603002548218]
[0.20658467710018158]
[0.5208236575126648]
[41.975955963134766]
[1.5556596517562866]
[6.108463764190674]
[0.21766622364521027]
[1.5680040121078491]
[0.980086088180542]
[223.0015869140625]
[1.1517983675003052]
[0.41606464982032776]
[0.48661553859710693]
[2.5776803493499756]
[0.6448332071304321]
[0.21949359774589539]
[1.7822726964950562]
[0.1413901299238205]
[0.055528610944747925]
[1597.7957763671875]
[0.5532412528991699]
[3.0213866233825684]
[0.7181243896484375]
[3.386624336242676]
[3.061511754989624]
[0.9472289085388184]
[0.5577021241188049]
[0.5020715594291687]
[0.22348326444625854]
[0.48589178919792175]
[0.11721791326999664]
[2.3361480236053467]
[1.1192505359649658]
[0.9114082455635071]
[0.10241596400737762]
[0.04810817539691925]
[38.316925048828125]
[0.2459714710712433]
[0.4070753753185272]
[1.057617425918579]
[1.8203439712524414]
[0.9330122470855713]
[0.44763848185539246]
[30.514171600341797]
[0.5252755284309387]
[0.8739033341407776]
[0.24139323830604553]
[0.04088696464896202]
[1.265816330909729]
[0.6602398157119751]
[0.16495658457279205]
[0.7268068194389343]
[9.492952346801758]
[328.0712890625]
[1.4723552465438843]
[0.3830956518650055]
[0.09267155826091766]
[0.2038905918598175]
[0.12380645424127579]
[0.24812178313732147]
[0.33144310116767883]
[0.558000922203064]
[1.4559516906738281]
[1.209089994430542]
[2.284844398498535]
[0.420196533203125]
[0.6026867032051086]
[4.205060958862305]
[0.14595964550971985]
[0.6418122053146362]
[0.4071868658065796]
[8.093818664550781]
[0.5059001445770264]
[0.31527212262153625]
[0.1339506059885025]
[0.29406508803367615]
[2.374602794647217]
[0.48170173168182373]
[0.35901856422424316]
[0.45288795232772827]
[0.31893274188041687]
[0.34493592381477356]
[0.4924066960811615]
[2.058067798614502]
[1.8407046794891357]
[0.06201977655291557]
[0.7172319889068604]
[5.630293369293213]
[2.3639795780181885]
[0.09205470979213715]
[0.710684061050415]
[0.045131031423807144]
[1.3599803447723389]
[0.4213555157184601]
[15.685168266296387]
[0.6419612169265747]
[0.7139058113098145]
[0.14241304993629456]
[0.373386412858963]
[1.464263916015625]
[0.1346365213394165]
[0.0435950793325901]
[0.18919728696346283]
[1.0265189409255981]
[5.144160270690918]
[0.24585285782814026]
[3.4978530406951904]
[0.29702162742614746]
[0.11950968950986862]
[0.21518927812576294]
[0.2866457998752594]
[0.18330401182174683]
[0.7695530652999878]
[238.6422882080078]
[0.09211809933185577]
[0.3240535855293274]
[0.28164732456207275]
[0.7841837406158447]
[0.8414400219917297]
[0.2435317039489746]
[0.7791866064071655]
[0.3759748339653015]
[1.6034841537475586]
[1.4001638889312744]
[0.8077148199081421]
[0.1573076844215393]
[0.38280898332595825]
[0.12966883182525635]
[0.6896430253982544]
[0.11990251392126083]
[13.53744125366211]
[0.08384503424167633]
[1.0848543643951416]
[0.058093927800655365]
[0.10537685453891754]
[0.3616601228713989]
[22.327529907226562]
[0.6282234787940979]
[0.6357076168060303]
[0.6660047173500061]
[2.7231104373931885]
[0.3559184968471527]
[0.41429436206817627]
[1.0583889484405518]
[0.37202873826026917]
[0.22665250301361084]
[5.606704235076904]
[0.9640416502952576]
[0.04104197025299072]
[1.4741413593292236]
[0.5192545056343079]
[0.1356031745672226]
[6.43643856048584]
[1.4721710681915283]
[0.18851019442081451]
[0.7627971172332764]
[3.8862476348876953]
[0.21506214141845703]
[11.306889533996582]
[0.40099823474884033]
[0.4447951018810272]
[2.2636899948120117]
[2.371007204055786]
[0.7490097880363464]
[0.2839202284812927]
[0.23184078931808472]
[0.8793075084686279]
[0.8787548542022705]
[0.28983744978904724]
[0.16970407962799072]
[0.24169613420963287]
[2.3314297199249268]
[0.32623252272605896]
[0.033613868057727814]
[1.0752745866775513]
[0.13708679378032684]
[1.4145487546920776]
[0.6113104820251465]
[0.7073891162872314]
[1.0902804136276245]
[0.04070843383669853]
[0.6232031583786011]
[20.757862091064453]
[0.2083803117275238]
[0.02143300510942936]
[0.22165194153785706]
[0.04999605193734169]
[0.15046587586402893]
[9.58161735534668]
[0.1993579864501953]
[0.32495057582855225]
[0.034520745277404785]
[0.45354703068733215]
[0.6054065227508545]
[0.5531591176986694]
[0.4663622975349426]
[0.8622477054595947]
[1.0876356363296509]
[17.266115188598633]
[0.15793611109256744]
[0.5776375532150269]
[0.5431349873542786]
[2.1119658946990967]
[7.872504711151123]
[0.3328556418418884]
[0.6592490673065186]
[0.45141905546188354]
[0.9998895525932312]
[0.06260709464550018]
[0.41742488741874695]
[5.434025764465332]
[0.05235033109784126]
[2.9456264972686768]
[0.21943406760692596]
[0.6138874888420105]
[1.487615942955017]
[0.7597756385803223]
[0.26792284846305847]
[0.130557581782341]
[2.082488775253296]
[2.322788953781128]
[0.7291125655174255]
[0.05505610629916191]
[0.11292310804128647]
[0.05295455828309059]
[0.992393970489502]
[0.5177344679832458]
[1.0901551246643066]
[0.8421056270599365]
[0.06130652129650116]
[76.20287322998047]
[610.9129028320312]
[0.5837283134460449]
[0.3925013840198517]
[0.0944727212190628]
[0.059693966060876846]
[1.9488502740859985]
[5.654691696166992]
[330.7779541015625]
[0.6104007363319397]
[0.24383549392223358]
[1.2999593019485474]
[4.719557285308838]
[0.19443130493164062]
[2.098076105117798]
[102.11634826660156]
[0.6271248459815979]
[0.23453885316848755]
[0.3626269996166229]
[1.229548692703247]
[4.925415992736816]
[0.27534914016723633]
[3.177443504333496]
[1.020964503288269]
[0.38506656885147095]
[0.2131262570619583]
[3.1336252689361572]
[244.62576293945312]
[0.20594710111618042]
[0.5223537683486938]
[9.477161407470703]
[1.578116774559021]
[0.24161024391651154]
[1.8307642936706543]
[1.8191415071487427]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.6294875144958496]
[1.664821743965149]
[1.0675933361053467]
[1.1132899522781372]
[2.814912796020508]
[9.871942520141602]
[16.96326446533203]
[82.24201202392578]
[0.10570348054170609]
[1.7960084676742554]
[0.3712179958820343]
[0.5111075043678284]
[1.7642561197280884]
[1.7380590438842773]
[5.391417980194092]
[3.7575135231018066]
[1.9437822103500366]
[32.456260681152344]
[5.416589736938477]
[15.481741905212402]
[0.2417224496603012]
[0.21208906173706055]
[1.1422730684280396]
[1.1978038549423218]
[1.1411023139953613]
[1.7118796110153198]
[5.266821384429932]
[0.44789668917655945]
[7.035930633544922]
[1.9998871088027954]
[0.6914981603622437]
[1.1051095724105835]
[0.8632950782775879]
[0.05409572646021843]
[0.9531767964363098]
[2.3738512992858887]
[0.09988882392644882]
[2.7085342407226562]
[0.5429646968841553]
[8.094239234924316]
[0.5916193127632141]
[0.1162702664732933]
[0.11556554585695267]
[0.22396081686019897]
[0.9312888383865356]
[2.763126850128174]
[1.1254851818084717]
[1.6202561855316162]
[0.2533610761165619]
[0.2581113576889038]
[0.4993998408317566]
[8.024832725524902]
[0.3122521638870239]
[11.420212745666504]
[0.5140445232391357]
[11.731917381286621]
[1.3919910192489624]
[0.09066896140575409]
[5.4639573097229]
[0.8764520883560181]
[0.8320243954658508]
[0.5245445966720581]
[0.3089611530303955]
[0.4499877691268921]
[8.761760711669922]
[102.68251037597656]
[8.456241607666016]
[0.3085366487503052]
[0.611288845539093]
[0.48116299510002136]
[1.0094504356384277]
[1.9067986011505127]
[0.2549666464328766]
[2.2177231311798096]
[0.2922574579715729]
[2683.9365234375]
[1.604438066482544]
[1.6853958368301392]
[0.2566085159778595]
[37.621944427490234]
[0.6466715335845947]
[0.09184499084949493]
[0.3497134745121002]
[0.307561993598938]
[0.2141818404197693]
[29.573486328125]
[1.221549391746521]
[0.12422749400138855]
[0.3827124834060669]
[0.3791908621788025]
[1.3521593809127808]
[6.228918552398682]
[0.6428121328353882]
[0.5161473155021667]
[3.716461181640625]
[0.40917304158210754]
[1.582603096961975]
[0.41169607639312744]
[0.3841119706630707]
[0.1955476701259613]
[0.7803219556808472]
[0.5343236327171326]
[1.2995481491088867]
[5.1382856369018555]
[0.3606811761856079]
[2.72029185295105]
[1.6314834356307983]
[1.1025710105895996]
[0.6211194396018982]
[1.5627241134643555]
[0.1251649558544159]
[35.56560134887695]
[0.2418881207704544]
[0.5264461040496826]
[2.387678861618042]
[0.25246602296829224]
[3.41489315032959]
[42.001739501953125]
[1.5553100109100342]
[0.19249670207500458]
[1.1568244695663452]
[0.07142682373523712]
[2.9694957733154297]
[3.032381296157837]
[0.6841437816619873]
[51.40705108642578]
[0.21349048614501953]
[34.590476989746094]
[1.2475621700286865]
[0.7978567481040955]
[0.670878529548645]
[0.5782977342605591]
[0.07824110984802246]
[0.31553414463996887]
[9.347699165344238]
[0.2919692099094391]
[2.872450590133667]
[1.247470736503601]
[0.20402191579341888]
[6.409844398498535]
[0.7224281430244446]
[3.5893564224243164]
[0.2603617012500763]
[0.10977606475353241]
[0.2933075428009033]
[1.7050471305847168]
[0.9600540399551392]
[0.5768475532531738]
[0.24646642804145813]
[0.08309241384267807]
[0.4050121605396271]
[0.5745173692703247]
[0.08455098420381546]
[1.891200304031372]
[0.2638459801673889]
[1.3145679235458374]
[0.6706226468086243]
[2.8007373809814453]
[0.5579453706741333]
[3.1365649700164795]
[0.26308050751686096]
[0.163172647356987]
[4.369485378265381]
[14.654326438903809]
[426.8335876464844]
[0.08146946132183075]
[2.8453149795532227]
[2.2573888301849365]
[0.891680121421814]
[0.13121025264263153]
[3.3855926990509033]
[32.27992248535156]
[1.1204828023910522]
[0.8731456995010376]
[0.6219238042831421]
[0.8723529577255249]
[9.243463516235352]
[7.796565055847168]
[29.067964553833008]
[0.08896572142839432]
[0.7839008569717407]
[0.38458412885665894]
[0.7929766178131104]
[1.495276689529419]
[0.24983033537864685]
[2.8578765392303467]
[0.6961727738380432]
[0.2611081302165985]
[0.40997496247291565]
[4.4106316566467285]
[0.3410898447036743]
[2.8103063106536865]
[1.0087162256240845]
[0.7409874200820923]
[0.7211253643035889]
[6.066357612609863]
[0.976371169090271]
[1.6935272216796875]
[1.352708339691162]
[0.1403363198041916]
[1.933148980140686]
[2.932594060897827]
[0.6491837501525879]
[0.7562603950500488]
[1.1247224807739258]
[0.8160700798034668]
[37.10923385620117]
[2.0971872806549072]
[0.11526995897293091]
[0.40065592527389526]
[0.30654752254486084]
[0.21218976378440857]
[0.6220043301582336]
[300.44696044921875]
[0.3148915767669678]
[0.44833382964134216]
[310.5043640136719]
[0.38373875617980957]
[0.3893817663192749]
[0.6515824198722839]
[0.29146429896354675]
[0.8798522353172302]
[1.4175115823745728]
[0.9888561367988586]
[2.2285547256469727]
[0.723349928855896]
[0.05924432724714279]
[8.524130821228027]
[0.4634462296962738]
[0.042301759123802185]
[0.9803677201271057]
[0.4743674099445343]
[88.57470703125]
[2.4792258739471436]
[0.7286905646324158]
[0.494230180978775]
[3.664607048034668]
[1.520256757736206]
[0.375495046377182]
[89.83596801757812]
[4.188036918640137]
[0.6638279557228088]
[2.4389054775238037]
[7.409287929534912]
[0.431162565946579]
[3.3775570392608643]
[6.298424243927002]
[0.10239534080028534]
[0.10240135341882706]
[1.7690057754516602]
[1.8352830410003662]
[1.004900574684143]
[1.196347951889038]
[71.23786926269531]
[1.9809069633483887]
[0.07586774975061417]
[271.177978515625]
[181.98902893066406]
[0.24967043101787567]
[1.559506893157959]
[0.8310421109199524]
[0.5988285541534424]
[0.7760503888130188]
[0.44444912672042847]
[0.39380359649658203]
[0.09131401777267456]
[0.32001253962516785]
[1.5652368068695068]
[0.10407969355583191]
[0.09183023124933243]
[0.48118817806243896]
[0.9409480094909668]
[0.18226991593837738]
[16.553512573242188]
[0.6005527377128601]
[0.606554388999939]
[5.197706699371338]
[5.727833271026611]
[118.3014907836914]
[2.2870988845825195]
[0.3981417715549469]
[2.4920096397399902]
[1.4109244346618652]
[6.995450019836426]
[0.3809911608695984]
[1.2513278722763062]
[0.12447407096624374]
[1022.2443237304688]
[3.551483392715454]
[0.3292974531650543]
[1.3337587118148804]
[1.2066404819488525]
[0.21180976927280426]
[1.4804925918579102]
[0.981924295425415]
[0.10712135583162308]
[2.270338535308838]
[0.6940950751304626]
[0.08049087226390839]
[0.32455527782440186]
[0.274332731962204]
[0.07159688323736191]
[0.05851699411869049]
[0.06924860179424286]
[0.08964013308286667]
[0.8027716875076294]
[0.9692013263702393]
[153.62420654296875]
[0.05959846451878548]
[262.28741455078125]
[0.7782840728759766]
[2.6446475982666016]
[2.167078971862793]
[174.14974975585938]
[13.254864692687988]
[132.38975524902344]
[0.9661968350410461]
[5.681220054626465]
[3.047858476638794]
[3.521981716156006]
[5.218755722045898]
[0.451751172542572]
[0.8629795908927917]
[22.599903106689453]
[1.9049938917160034]
[31.018579483032227]
[0.25670501589775085]
[2.3953146934509277]
[0.4947129487991333]
[0.9399228096008301]
[0.4592926502227783]
[18.33660316467285]
[9.8367338180542]
[1.7164428234100342]
[5.720901012420654]
[5.434701919555664]
[0.4223923087120056]
[2.399029493331909]
[11.345200538635254]
[1.5337949991226196]
[1.1784130334854126]
[0.9030085206031799]
[1.170082926750183]
[0.3992575407028198]
[4.189037322998047]
[4.64682149887085]
[0.27694547176361084]
[0.8194988369941711]
[5.971677780151367]
[1.482040524482727]
[1.3148903846740723]
[3.953169584274292]
[0.18074476718902588]
[1.8712823390960693]
[0.3291691839694977]
[0.1352982521057129]
[0.29896947741508484]
[3.970022678375244]
[0.3422642946243286]
[1.4970369338989258]
[2.0282061100006104]
[5.047207832336426]
[1.5317937135696411]
[0.40610235929489136]
[240.15615844726562]
[3.440462112426758]
[2.835378646850586]
[1.0152561664581299]
[0.2678831219673157]
[0.8546393513679504]
[0.43092596530914307]
[0.1932634562253952]
[0.7060990929603577]
[0.9659979343414307]
[0.7223590016365051]
[4.7928853034973145]
[0.9316012859344482]
[0.5487201809883118]
[17.536712646484375]
[1.9655200242996216]
[9.736774444580078]
[0.9748755097389221]
[1.652665376663208]
[4.560214996337891]
[3.628709077835083]
[1.6441731452941895]
[1.8146966695785522]
[109.77613067626953]
[0.7066802978515625]
[0.44155728816986084]
[2.6412012577056885]
[4.317929267883301]
[1.0369188785552979]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[5.141550064086914]
[0.2662210166454315]
[8.89069652557373]
[4.468685626983643]
[0.3844454288482666]
[57.071571350097656]
[0.5183408260345459]
[0.5655482411384583]
[2.6190831661224365]
[3.01066517829895]
[1.9999380111694336]
[1.4921306371688843]
[1.6682000160217285]
[0.4457729756832123]
[0.9550169110298157]
[2.336761713027954]
[3.284008264541626]
[10.251991271972656]
[0.4869966208934784]
[1.0406686067581177]
[0.5876743197441101]
[2.9920525550842285]
[110.4472885131836]
[1.2610151767730713]
[1.6030408143997192]
[0.8550221920013428]
[3.142423629760742]
[0.36626309156417847]
[9.700611114501953]
[0.2941819429397583]
[0.1599460244178772]
[5.950529098510742]
[0.9131134748458862]
[0.3599078357219696]
[17.980649948120117]
[0.7963102459907532]
[0.39380940794944763]
[0.7910690307617188]
[0.40149909257888794]
[2.463843584060669]
[0.7809503674507141]
[1.5713993310928345]
[0.4640669524669647]
[0.57710862159729]
[5.3822784423828125]
[0.34542739391326904]
[1.1417737007141113]
[7.295114517211914]
[2.348342180252075]
[0.8999254107475281]
[0.9754205942153931]
[13.318525314331055]
[0.35864418745040894]
[0.45583733916282654]
[0.15052855014801025]
[0.3908388912677765]
[7.257915496826172]
[0.4759266674518585]
[3.013352394104004]
[0.7694774866104126]
[0.6075475811958313]
[0.4502451717853546]
[0.051032405346632004]
[1.7015962600708008]
[0.13401257991790771]
[0.8617139458656311]
[1.0607551336288452]
[0.8519098162651062]
[0.5625730752944946]
[7.5305495262146]
[1.4210885763168335]
[5.3230977058410645]
[0.8795107007026672]
[0.348867267370224]
[2.700897455215454]
[0.11405672132968903]
[0.9768902063369751]
[0.2132038176059723]
[7.712106704711914]
[0.7125606536865234]
[0.5538767576217651]
[0.19785447418689728]
[0.7467033863067627]
[0.4334976077079773]
[0.3605986535549164]
[5.0512285232543945]
[0.29212695360183716]
[0.6682159304618835]
[0.17537620663642883]
[21.00857925415039]
[0.09148942679166794]
[0.04453953355550766]
[0.939993143081665]
[1.2748456001281738]
[6.391956806182861]
[1.0058026313781738]
[0.0881277397274971]
[0.11474718898534775]
[15.845223426818848]
[0.680463433265686]
[0.06008869782090187]
[0.5260279178619385]
[0.5499194264411926]
[1.4226876497268677]
[1.05470609664917]
[0.5518677830696106]
[0.8225392699241638]
[0.5738210082054138]
[132.13037109375]
[0.09448596090078354]
[6.590689182281494]
[0.21398121118545532]
[2.10831880569458]
[1.3421565294265747]
[2.9058728218078613]
[1.338188648223877]
[0.43682289123535156]
[0.6246380805969238]
[1.9362459182739258]
[5.333770275115967]
[0.08419492095708847]
[1772.130615234375]
[0.667849600315094]
[0.26400092244148254]
[1.3522220849990845]
[7.229818820953369]
[1.3815884590148926]
[0.21915794909000397]
[0.26151326298713684]
[1.0770938396453857]
[0.12386486679315567]
[3.7589118480682373]
[1.2146247625350952]
[2.0276103019714355]
[0.687705934047699]
[1.077955722808838]
[0.5066789984703064]
[8.627426147460938]
[0.08079351484775543]
[0.06835347414016724]
[2.367048740386963]
[10.566165924072266]
[7.43386173248291]
[0.13971230387687683]
[0.14396479725837708]
[0.9857543706893921]
[0.07676081359386444]
[7.4265336990356445]
[0.793821394443512]
[1.0371932983398438]
[1.0442686080932617]
[46.370548248291016]
[2.9724931716918945]
[0.1953546106815338]
[0.14179110527038574]
[5.181685924530029]
[0.8062125444412231]
[82.0794906616211]
[0.1924225091934204]
[0.25689923763275146]
[0.8651257157325745]
[0.30965495109558105]
[0.13691212236881256]
[0.9715453386306763]
[0.3774377405643463]
[1.1350327730178833]
[0.19604986906051636]
[1.9473471641540527]
[0.5492677688598633]
[2.484640121459961]
[0.8040760159492493]
[0.38618552684783936]
[0.7870941758155823]
[2.816856622695923]
[1.184181571006775]
[1.4743672609329224]
[0.21804237365722656]
[0.5505625009536743]
[3.449017286300659]
[6.9300360679626465]
[1.1809453964233398]
[0.5298588275909424]
[1.047528862953186]
[2.2456929683685303]
[6.241995811462402]
[0.822238564491272]
[0.219199538230896]
[13.361763000488281]
[1.2182326316833496]
[6.514566421508789]
[0.3232554495334625]
[5433.90185546875]
[0.2159479260444641]
[0.663798987865448]
[869.3768920898438]
[0.26683464646339417]
[0.4414139688014984]
[3.809283494949341]
[41.429664611816406]
[0.2990364730358124]
[2.1311492919921875]
[14.316934585571289]
[0.7119402289390564]
[0.40731143951416016]
[4.500270366668701]
[0.8398957848548889]
[109.31140899658203]
[4.9070515632629395]
[6.649874210357666]
[22.456382751464844]
[92.72443389892578]
[0.7142717242240906]
[7.101198673248291]
[0.1236368715763092]
[0.3244917392730713]
[0.8941247463226318]
[213.97586059570312]
[26.09933853149414]
[12.97119426727295]
[1.1989327669143677]
[2.432420015335083]
[9.789145469665527]
[0.3719612956047058]
[0.2804374098777771]
[6.398949146270752]
[2.6063284873962402]
[0.936855673789978]
[0.046147868037223816]
[12.889281272888184]
[0.5642920136451721]
[0.7175604104995728]
[0.22659745812416077]
[2.339625358581543]
[1.1434917449951172]
[611.22265625]
[1.9847264289855957]
[0.14815059304237366]
[11.238991737365723]
[0.15117691457271576]
[7.9962568283081055]
[8690.3427734375]
[8.519634246826172]
[0.25862833857536316]
[0.45425745844841003]
[0.17542463541030884]
[0.36047884821891785]
[1.7637068033218384]
[42.2150764465332]
[2.4986014366149902]
[3.3976120948791504]
[4.347265243530273]
[11.681468963623047]
[1.9422729015350342]
[3.6480777263641357]
[1243.981689453125]
[14.999275207519531]
[0.9882553219795227]
[0.4934786558151245]
[1.0327982902526855]
[127.67969512939453]
[3.2974398136138916]
[3.641770362854004]
[0.23774413764476776]
[4.099551200866699]
[13.959739685058594]
[0.24879859387874603]
[92.9607925415039]
[0.5903441905975342]
[0.18665383756160736]
[62.70600891113281]
[14.945240020751953]
[13.434457778930664]
[31.63507080078125]
[4.599368095397949]
[4.341300964355469]
[5816.162109375]
[1.604955792427063]
[0.5570076704025269]
[14.537137031555176]
[0.22147592902183533]
[5.403113842010498]
[0.2272161990404129]
[9.495926856994629]
[0.22899676859378815]
[0.342910498380661]
[49.310882568359375]
[0.22895269095897675]
[0.7879607677459717]
[1.0673270225524902]
[0.20221588015556335]
[176.5242919921875]
[5.578530788421631]
[1.834688663482666]
[2.480980634689331]
[0.27383410930633545]
[3.248908758163452]
[0.27245116233825684]
[0.2619681656360626]
[0.8674436211585999]
[117.90513610839844]
[40.167537689208984]
[2.0185863971710205]
[18.054733276367188]
[8.288429260253906]
[1.7471022605895996]
[3.4459939002990723]
[28.344161987304688]
[54.2742919921875]
[0.6870514750480652]
[2.382425308227539]
[31.800859451293945]
[0.9038445353507996]
[3.1683127880096436]
[0.17051193118095398]
[9.579090118408203]
[0.6594251990318298]
[0.9775733947753906]
[6.782155990600586]
[3.9915359020233154]
[3.2030997276306152]
[0.8194808959960938]
[12.477560043334961]
[121.30964660644531]
[0.8064872622489929]
[0.28302037715911865]
[272.8008117675781]
[11.61044692993164]
[10.655289649963379]
[0.6215153932571411]
[0.1658271998167038]
[36.03193664550781]
[4.575765609741211]
[51.05903244018555]
[0.7924983501434326]
[0.16008085012435913]
[3.533999443054199]
[1.1336638927459717]
[0.17055661976337433]
[5.921581268310547]
[108.7328109741211]
[36.797752380371094]
[4.6648030281066895]
[269.6104736328125]
[0.3303622901439667]
[0.4958345890045166]
[0.17510820925235748]
[0.1880214810371399]
[3.660884380340576]
[3.0698461532592773]
[0.2036910206079483]
[0.513288676738739]
[4.33630895614624]
[1.3294063806533813]
[0.4340266287326813]
[18.436189651489258]
[31.049640655517578]
[4.404257297515869]
[27.205469131469727]
[1.441777229309082]
[15.297532081604004]
[99.4338607788086]
[4.723374366760254]
[0.5589189529418945]
[20.002782821655273]
[11.79373550415039]
[4.926705360412598]
[4.944491386413574]
[0.3000316619873047]
[6.492146015167236]
[0.5145326256752014]
[0.15447859466075897]
[3.4549331665039062]
[0.6756076812744141]
[0.244777113199234]
[2.785769462585449]
[4.253421306610107]
[0.6981980204582214]
[7.110901355743408]
[0.6395742893218994]
[3.8078534603118896]
[0.5723845958709717]
[22.10886001586914]
[0.6168867349624634]
[0.6617771983146667]
[8019.5888671875]
[6.972679615020752]
[0.5872331857681274]
[39.546504974365234]
[0.6251139640808105]
[2.291182518005371]
[1.6677887439727783]
[0.19119513034820557]
[1.4814999103546143]
[0.2735583782196045]
[0.8796089291572571]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[284.19903564453125]
[1414.1053466796875]
[0.9137698411941528]
[72.89271545410156]
[48.12730026245117]
[1.2493226528167725]
[354.26519775390625]
[8.5305814743042]
[111.78863525390625]
[0.4536556899547577]
[16.90229606628418]
[205.94442749023438]
[0.4840082824230194]
[16.490650177001953]
[1.5683401823043823]
[18.139781951904297]
[60.9590950012207]
[2.3203797340393066]
[0.25450295209884644]
[314.6030578613281]
[2.020613670349121]
[11.654297828674316]
[34.196983337402344]
[0.33610039949417114]
[0.9856936931610107]
[17.84568214416504]
[0.7186349630355835]
[70.6819076538086]
[0.2500019371509552]
[3.263129472732544]
[27.935514450073242]
[0.44840162992477417]
[5.637577056884766]
[5.0430827140808105]
[1.1202802658081055]
[1.1624025106430054]
[2.0993125438690186]
[0.6926133036613464]
[18.89474868774414]
[3.7040162086486816]
[1.2984427213668823]
[0.20500707626342773]
[1777.6231689453125]
[8.908207893371582]
[0.33955615758895874]
[16.696847915649414]
[21.331140518188477]
[5.092491149902344]
[16.121767044067383]
[6646.16455078125]
[0.7405125498771667]
[10.282039642333984]
[0.16824278235435486]
[1.7282562255859375]
[4.172529697418213]
[2.233400583267212]
[1.865847110748291]
[2.1183600425720215]
[0.4273671805858612]
[21681.517578125]
[0.8278883099555969]
[0.8361096978187561]
[0.22802790999412537]
[0.19593559205532074]
[0.9628651142120361]
[630.0573120117188]
[0.2884095013141632]
[0.12884800136089325]
[20.077251434326172]
[3.155482292175293]
[2.315483570098877]
[0.42416489124298096]
[1.3741466999053955]
[34.56586456298828]
[2.779447555541992]
[15.99315071105957]
[0.13261772692203522]
[21.588218688964844]
[8.411149024963379]
[5.488296031951904]
[1.4668045043945312]
[1.240018606185913]
[44.5578498840332]
[0.17309251427650452]
[0.1724238395690918]
[29.842084884643555]
[0.10670480877161026]
[7.718041896820068]
[31.681447982788086]
[0.5863775610923767]
[0.17023013532161713]
[8.08825397491455]
[1.170166254043579]
[28.437543869018555]
[2.6044137477874756]
[1.8046214580535889]
[1.6078581809997559]
[4.285832405090332]
[16.476226806640625]
[2.530012607574463]
[7.154478549957275]
[0.07070497423410416]
[5.434892177581787]
[0.5473518371582031]
[5.4292449951171875]
[0.16096939146518707]
[0.16863611340522766]
[5.4229350090026855]
[0.10120338201522827]
[0.16302946209907532]
[0.634560227394104]
[1.0897339582443237]
[12.809693336486816]
[13.753695487976074]
[2180.5458984375]
[0.24179492890834808]
[1.7752598524093628]
[67.135498046875]
[0.5060786604881287]
[8.186906814575195]
[12.686334609985352]
[1.3087801933288574]
[1.6682677268981934]
[0.9380483031272888]
[22553.98046875]
[17.73517608642578]
[7.440631866455078]
[27.752103805541992]
[1.0652326345443726]
[35.668575286865234]
[15.45553207397461]
[3.0081372261047363]
[3.2084765434265137]
[9.09548568725586]
[2.395124673843384]
[11.942731857299805]
[74.33343505859375]
[11.735836029052734]
[91.72753143310547]
[2.6831860542297363]
[26.99976348876953]
[10.75354290008545]
[6.239043712615967]
[23.932981491088867]
[0.542724609375]
[686.8929443359375]
[17.618629455566406]
[65.04450988769531]
[3.8669235706329346]
[1093.659912109375]
[13.314349174499512]
[21.838356018066406]
[1.1850612163543701]
[9.724559783935547]
[0.9531600475311279]
[3.7188680171966553]
[3.440188407897949]
[16.016159057617188]
[18.122671127319336]
[1.029155969619751]
[10.915421485900879]
[0.8900805115699768]
[5.161837100982666]
[2.670660972595215]
[232.11703491210938]
[0.5043655633926392]
[3.264922857284546]
[16.6474666595459]
[2.4071688652038574]
[3.1314423084259033]
[3.3908703327178955]
[0.3781697154045105]
[7.8381667137146]
[1.0307209491729736]
[1.3266814947128296]
[1.3954426050186157]
[1.369660496711731]
[13.21481704711914]
[6.027975082397461]
[0.5221691727638245]
[4.164590358734131]
[17.315109252929688]
[3.148685932159424]
[3.2475357055664062]
[14.440204620361328]
[0.696156919002533]
[1.9112454652786255]
[5.882575511932373]
[0.935069739818573]
[15.920284271240234]
[1.6723949909210205]
[54.480167388916016]
[7.0902018547058105]
[15.044419288635254]
[6.933082103729248]
[69.23279571533203]
[1.081302523612976]
[13.393171310424805]
[10.326323509216309]
[17.012449264526367]
[5.135155200958252]
[0.9671779870986938]
[0.904390275478363]
[0.9357278943061829]
[1.0514841079711914]
[2.1843221187591553]
[5.96658992767334]
[1.1468425989151]
[3.164128065109253]
[5.429593563079834]
[11.613310813903809]
[11.368620872497559]
[874.449951171875]
[7.891039848327637]
[1.8609319925308228]
[10.631601333618164]
[10.929108619689941]
[16.49103546142578]
[1.2818762063980103]
[1705.2939453125]
[0.9413448572158813]
[2.2104597091674805]
[9.226338386535645]
[15.406672477722168]
[1.2340478897094727]
[13.338122367858887]
[2.8657805919647217]
[1.736007809638977]
[3.4158105850219727]
[5.396300792694092]
[5.740879058837891]
[4.943196773529053]
[1.39388108253479]
[21.299440383911133]
[24.141908645629883]
[1.0483046770095825]
[1.6739273071289062]
[8.410850524902344]
[9.060320854187012]
[9.199607849121094]
[64.86698913574219]
[26.74631118774414]
[1.8433995246887207]
[5.809692859649658]
[15.545702934265137]
[5.885761260986328]
[20.55246353149414]
[1.072105050086975]
[0.816578209400177]
[6.4095611572265625]
[31.77853012084961]
[55.27922439575195]
[16.932506561279297]
[0.6807515025138855]
[6.658698558807373]
[0.9421511888504028]
[33.47212600708008]
[0.8923198580741882]
[24.923786163330078]
[0.7001609802246094]
[1.8738902807235718]
[0.89531409740448]
[4.572115421295166]
[11.45947551727295]
[5.823379039764404]
[3.2365965843200684]
[17.967910766601562]
[2.324733257293701]
[1.9683287143707275]
[19.974742889404297]
[9.773966789245605]
[2.0924854278564453]
[23.374313354492188]
[6.825417518615723]
[0.4683360755443573]
[3.487307071685791]
[7.684340953826904]
[164.5559539794922]
[14.353226661682129]
[10.5965576171875]
[2.1814234256744385]
[32.92890167236328]
[3.178821086883545]
[8.803516387939453]
[63.91542053222656]
[19.841083526611328]
[12.650174140930176]
[0.8003396391868591]
[11.624505996704102]
[11.89306640625]
[12.626254081726074]
[5.7058234214782715]
[2.7195656299591064]
[5.556488513946533]
[6.275019645690918]
[2.861724853515625]
[4.226754665374756]
[1.7643100023269653]
[0.8654972314834595]
[0.9032852053642273]
[1.3273932933807373]
[2.8531320095062256]
[4.182791233062744]
[1.5657237768173218]
[0.7350221276283264]
[7.0797529220581055]
[0.6685816049575806]
[775.7879028320312]
[39.69133758544922]
[10.793967247009277]
[0.8042484521865845]
[4.940235614776611]
[9.536099433898926]
[4.997259140014648]
[3.82004451751709]
[18.926132202148438]
[0.8828520774841309]
[1302.7264404296875]
[1.345435380935669]
[18.959321975708008]
[2.7513434886932373]
[1.9708304405212402]
[37.65762710571289]
[3.5905117988586426]
[0.669637143611908]
[0.8446949124336243]
[6.160219669342041]
[2.208095073699951]
[1.1790887117385864]
[48.137672424316406]
[19.524763107299805]
[2.274944543838501]
[2.115053653717041]
[8.720340728759766]
[1.6989048719406128]
[66.25093078613281]
[147.92169189453125]
[8.251384735107422]
[72.53092193603516]
[2.93168306350708]
[14.20612907409668]
[0.79340660572052]
[6.856894016265869]
[1.0803077220916748]
[1374.0050048828125]
[3.07181978225708]
[7.0546112060546875]
[8.787557601928711]
[0.8867207169532776]
[4.107205867767334]
[0.6711950898170471]
[0.8735798001289368]
[1.1827565431594849]
[2.0554425716400146]
[9.68442153930664]
[2.555640935897827]
[0.8316644430160522]
[1.0833418369293213]
[0.6343228816986084]
[1.3756239414215088]
[244.41390991210938]
[2.495908498764038]
[1.9301369190216064]
[4.03704309463501]
[3.5513243675231934]
[1.6030209064483643]
[1.8152093887329102]
[35.80984878540039]
[12.468317985534668]
[0.8944132924079895]
[3.1487958431243896]
[6.693817615509033]
[0.1434636116027832]
[1.7246356010437012]
[1.3050419092178345]
[2.4411685466766357]
[0.4613281488418579]
[1.8237473964691162]
[12.848628997802734]
[1.1244655847549438]
[1.3407539129257202]
[2.5259299278259277]
[4.934484481811523]
[2.089472770690918]
[0.500662624835968]
[0.8102689981460571]
[4.915323257446289]
[1.3794589042663574]
[1.196388840675354]
[4.454748153686523]
[1.397524118423462]
[0.98195481300354]
[1.4279316663742065]
[1.4789270162582397]
[4.132906913757324]
[0.5953332781791687]
[2.2442445755004883]
[5.656993389129639]
[0.8699114918708801]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[0.8748207092285156]
[0.4648761749267578]
[6.625122547149658]
[0.8693623542785645]
[8.350496292114258]
[0.6169464588165283]
[11.594804763793945]
[854.4781494140625]
[5.349459171295166]
[0.7320007085800171]
[5.1383056640625]
[1.6958142518997192]
[29.000747680664062]
[1.1057178974151611]
[4.47651481628418]
[5.313725471496582]
[0.8718905448913574]
[2.7809767723083496]
[1.7201476097106934]
[12.299604415893555]
[0.28893938660621643]
[1.3133864402770996]
[10.638999938964844]
[4.686056613922119]
[1.5866955518722534]
[0.6788533926010132]
[10.542621612548828]
[1.332511305809021]
[6.248145580291748]
[2.6135735511779785]
[0.7857380509376526]
[6.622864246368408]
[1.3344850540161133]
[897.5408325195312]
[1.4244502782821655]
[9.943460464477539]
[9.497160911560059]
[8.156543731689453]
[3.00715970993042]
[2.1333861351013184]
[0.2581198513507843]
[1.3869496583938599]
[148.230712890625]
[3.281658887863159]
[4.642500400543213]
[0.7402068972587585]
[3.1200742721557617]
[1.9104113578796387]
[4.758544921875]
[4.727439880371094]
[30.66228675842285]
[0.9347420334815979]
[3.463942050933838]
[0.574852705001831]
[17.816518783569336]
[7.5125732421875]
[1.0177839994430542]
[0.8775395750999451]
[1.2669674158096313]
[5.316964149475098]
[1.4547010660171509]
[3.3069140911102295]
[1.912669062614441]
[13.659790992736816]
[2.5184061527252197]
[6.763896465301514]
[20.448902130126953]
[6.870945453643799]
[2.01444149017334]
[2.2791740894317627]
[5.799407482147217]
[1866.190673828125]
[19.633460998535156]
[72.48393249511719]
[7.1549458503723145]
[0.7179276347160339]
[0.7200807332992554]
[0.8767044544219971]
[25.176719665527344]
[7.792722225189209]
[5.276304244995117]
[0.8074819445610046]
[1.014042615890503]
[142.2378387451172]
[0.6039654016494751]
[0.7617751955986023]
[1.9679228067398071]
[0.7323253750801086]
[0.2571624517440796]
[0.7289186120033264]
[1.0688645839691162]
[1.3752801418304443]
[7.445331573486328]
[7.061157703399658]
[3.492966890335083]
[1.9870072603225708]
[8.049225807189941]
[7.064239501953125]
[2.3096823692321777]
[3.9559237957000732]
[4.700141906738281]
[0.8097648024559021]
[0.8885629177093506]
[0.7932103872299194]
[6.074178695678711]
[3.6307573318481445]
[1.619741678237915]
[0.4407343566417694]
[0.9473884105682373]
[3.5027410984039307]
[0.8221911787986755]
[5.481128692626953]
[7.107182025909424]
[2.450666666030884]
[0.7956733107566833]
[2.294862747192383]
[1.1094821691513062]
[296.77972412109375]
[6.8753437995910645]
[0.8337810635566711]
[3.6083621978759766]
[1.7485895156860352]
[1.044559359550476]
[1145.0255126953125]
[1.0890220403671265]
[0.6729810833930969]
[0.6549485921859741]
[0.40236133337020874]
[5.705493927001953]
[3.7002005577087402]
[1.0973281860351562]
[46.063663482666016]
[1.048794150352478]
[1.04731023311615]
[5.707236289978027]
[2.8665688037872314]
[0.7687242031097412]
[6.232481002807617]
[0.7997071146965027]
[4.147768974304199]
[4.549698829650879]
[4.30259370803833]
[1.307497501373291]
[7.036359786987305]
[0.7663619518280029]
[0.60183185338974]
[9.497541427612305]
[0.5289784669876099]
[2.5052356719970703]
[0.7741248607635498]
[0.27358758449554443]
[3.5693981647491455]
[0.6571208834648132]
[0.76772141456604]
[0.7770339250564575]
[0.6507599353790283]
[1.3510894775390625]
[0.9947378635406494]
[1.2452095746994019]
[1.0295666456222534]
[1.8217500448226929]
[49.376953125]
[1.6278682947158813]
[0.5439407229423523]
[221.4154815673828]
[4.9575066566467285]
[5.603076934814453]
[1.0054374933242798]
[5.578330039978027]
[3.5149447917938232]
[11.145003318786621]
[1.1466017961502075]
[0.9216285943984985]
[0.4156910181045532]
[1.300939679145813]
[4.384063243865967]
[0.7151447534561157]
[1.3214237689971924]
[11.273232460021973]
[41.50790023803711]
[1.1924104690551758]
[1.3535019159317017]
[5.746263027191162]
[9.271341323852539]
[0.31455808877944946]
[2.326529026031494]
[1.5193874835968018]
[4.562037467956543]
[1.1835118532180786]
[0.7363253235816956]
[0.3872588276863098]
[0.8168515563011169]
[1.0718820095062256]
[20.002429962158203]
[3.717534065246582]
[25.965662002563477]
[3.9829022884368896]
[5.190062046051025]
[0.8729972839355469]
[5.970267295837402]
[0.9556348323822021]
[23.069133758544922]
[18.524105072021484]
[4.31828498840332]
[426.56134033203125]
[4.883419036865234]
[1.4975472688674927]
[12.486445426940918]
[1.9732348918914795]
[2.1556248664855957]
[4.748836994171143]
[2.072023391723633]
[31.551555633544922]
[0.6942451000213623]
[4.782552719116211]
[8.93891716003418]
[52.00457000732422]
[0.5898557305335999]
[0.5412089824676514]
[3.774322748184204]
[99.23761749267578]
[1.1902488470077515]
[1.4622337818145752]
[0.6047050356864929]
[7.094326972961426]
[1.2616381645202637]
[3.090893507003784]
[0.8413671851158142]
[10.87730598449707]
[0.7758679986000061]
[0.7694827914237976]
[3.966787338256836]
[1.4430427551269531]
[20.859304428100586]
[0.9123758673667908]
[4.597193717956543]
[22.179176330566406]
[0.5663583278656006]
[0.6532573699951172]
[0.6681278347969055]
[0.7266349196434021]
[6.918976306915283]
[0.74176025390625]
[0.16247007250785828]
[1.375093936920166]
[6.2972798347473145]
[0.7663107514381409]
[2.8652405738830566]
[2.4712753295898438]
[0.33837220072746277]
[1.0706347227096558]
[0.9993007183074951]
[0.9324103593826294]
[4.9407758712768555]
[1.2877699136734009]
[14.300886154174805]
[11.04583740234375]
[161.50588989257812]
[0.43009212613105774]
[1.2488394975662231]
[4.870540618896484]
[3.6716203689575195]
[8.856350898742676]
[0.8213963508605957]
[2.8919198513031006]
[1.2387399673461914]
[5.7058281898498535]
[1.535721778869629]
[1.052646517753601]
[15.67233657836914]
[1.3066810369491577]
[1.3048597574234009]
[2.518664598464966]
[2.1481120586395264]
[8.19125747680664]
[1.0540173053741455]
[0.665544331073761]
[11.470252990722656]
[5.339213848114014]
[0.5439130663871765]
[4.488054275512695]
[2.0032413005828857]
[0.9715415239334106]
[1.267720341682434]
[2.4930341243743896]
[1.7837395668029785]
[1.273810863494873]
[0.7063971161842346]
[4.486462116241455]
[2.2819199562072754]
[37.6145133972168]
[1.5778982639312744]
[5.882943153381348]
[4.433782577514648]
[0.546282947063446]
[0.8173953294754028]
[1.4094598293304443]
[4.611976146697998]
[8.09173583984375]
[3.8586199283599854]
[3.8819360733032227]
[5.737998008728027]
[1.690665602684021]
[0.5165513157844543]
[1.4220243692398071]
[1.1546777486801147]
[7.140463829040527]
[5.170912265777588]
[4.0849385261535645]
[34.88130187988281]
[1.3114628791809082]
[0.620171070098877]
[1.0861196517944336]
[0.4488552510738373]
[0.6687067151069641]
[1.2407705783843994]
[144.15203857421875]
[0.6717708110809326]
[1.199499249458313]
[0.24723345041275024]
[2.356065273284912]
[2.9589200019836426]
[0.21071979403495789]
[0.5817622542381287]
[0.4119580090045929]
[15.315585136413574]
[0.21014562249183655]
[2.0350470542907715]
[1.0033748149871826]
[3.070786237716675]
[761.453857421875]
[0.0707765519618988]
[1.7135984897613525]
[5.3124918937683105]
[0.4973301589488983]
[1.157745599746704]
[1.4133154153823853]
[3.785280227661133]
[1.200554370880127]
[1.890538215637207]
[17.21782112121582]
[1.7104980945587158]
[0.4079834818840027]
[1.379703164100647]
[0.5353955030441284]
[4.756777286529541]
[2.5129430294036865]
[1.1329675912857056]
[3.3578531742095947]
[4.296800136566162]
[0.2386629283428192]
[1.4443544149398804]
[0.5450218319892883]
[18.730562210083008]
[3.8685498237609863]
[0.6301979422569275]
[1.6681267023086548]
[1.1996572017669678]
[6.082208633422852]
[4.6361775398254395]
[4.035045146942139]
[0.6274303197860718]
[2.327930450439453]
[1.3821240663528442]
[2.1997365951538086]
[0.5537247061729431]
[1.4865185022354126]
[3.4827849864959717]
[3.000680446624756]
[7.8161396980285645]
[1.5909091234207153]
[0.4941776692867279]
[54.29484558105469]
[0.48406821489334106]
[1.8713265657424927]
[0.4883873462677002]
[2.9854888916015625]
[4.10483455657959]
[2.056385040283203]
[4.076158046722412]
[3.187025547027588]
[2.5007972717285156]
[4.8533406257629395]
[1.6648370027542114]
[0.4831351041793823]
[2.504556179046631]
[0.41666561365127563]
[0.17541204392910004]
[13.519352912902832]
[0.7960336208343506]
[0.4014558494091034]
[0.9084248542785645]
[12.030069351196289]
[0.47710469365119934]
[1.8586928844451904]
[0.4847104549407959]
[0.5968334674835205]
[4.190986633300781]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.450587272644043]
[2.1319854259490967]
[0.24001681804656982]
[13.028489112854004]
[10.291287422180176]
[0.9471903443336487]
[3.585763931274414]
[5.974461555480957]
[8.125658988952637]
[1.2428187131881714]
[0.5066421627998352]
[4.148985862731934]
[4.555975914001465]
[1.9068841934204102]
[1.38338303565979]
[1.2416492700576782]
[2.673518419265747]
[0.47221100330352783]
[0.43626663088798523]
[0.5820542573928833]
[1.8506072759628296]
[0.9150151610374451]
[4.098953723907471]
[0.9110279083251953]
[0.32426196336746216]
[0.29342272877693176]
[2.026715040206909]
[0.6880029439926147]
[5.444528102874756]
[4.171381950378418]
[4.574131965637207]
[16.33875274658203]
[5.9205803871154785]
[1.4570900201797485]
[0.3768717050552368]
[0.6427430510520935]
[0.38528144359588623]
[2.4135429859161377]
[0.8806200623512268]
[2.052544355392456]
[0.26748690009117126]
[1.653302788734436]
[2.239853620529175]
[0.8487904071807861]
[2.432455062866211]
[2.1163082122802734]
[8.529006004333496]
[6.252968788146973]
[4.311522960662842]
[0.450190931558609]
[3.821817636489868]
[12.815587043762207]
[0.7599194049835205]
[6.168160438537598]
[0.4328184425830841]
[1.3125202655792236]
[363.9117431640625]
[4.114157676696777]
[0.27671197056770325]
[0.6563667058944702]
[0.41855689883232117]
[2.588712692260742]
[7.798978328704834]
[6.050253391265869]
[0.8433432579040527]
[3.0819694995880127]
[2.677243232727051]
[9.062531471252441]
[0.820396900177002]
[4.01338005065918]
[0.7155393958091736]
[0.4277128279209137]
[0.3454870879650116]
[4.1902174949646]
[0.779207170009613]
[3.9024858474731445]
[1.2261285781860352]
[0.6997538208961487]
[0.2110244780778885]
[0.3944798409938812]
[7.841114521026611]
[28.722553253173828]
[0.7953743934631348]
[0.5246843099594116]
[11.560040473937988]
[1.2790138721466064]
[8.374312400817871]
[0.8119226694107056]
[0.4078802466392517]
[0.5865078568458557]
[1.7597336769104004]
[1.3650217056274414]
[0.5275074243545532]
[0.7997726202011108]
[0.39801254868507385]
[0.5285224318504333]
[1.059371829032898]
[1.0723477602005005]
[1.815364122390747]
[2.2544736862182617]
[0.6574636697769165]
[0.44943609833717346]
[0.7052470445632935]
[2.5505027770996094]
[4.563382148742676]
[0.3691907525062561]
[2.6448564529418945]
[4.017175674438477]
[1.0800468921661377]
[0.5558382272720337]
[4.152982711791992]
[4.641615867614746]
[1.294233798980713]
[5.47471809387207]
[0.35992446541786194]
[3.064619779586792]
[2353.505859375]
[2.1589434146881104]
[0.34657150506973267]
[0.567310631275177]
[2.6196236610412598]
[29.052139282226562]
[77.19628143310547]
[4.456141471862793]
[2.0624985694885254]
[0.3396897614002228]
[0.47887367010116577]
[0.822124719619751]
[14.326607704162598]
[0.9013767838478088]
[1141.95947265625]
[37.15612030029297]
[0.422989159822464]
[2.910776376724243]
[1.6691192388534546]
[0.36916667222976685]
[0.43536004424095154]
[444.65582275390625]
[0.7377899885177612]
[2.6274542808532715]
[0.5217786431312561]
[3.627272129058838]
[8.239925384521484]
[1.6978237628936768]
[0.6102174520492554]
[0.057937636971473694]
[4.413522720336914]
[2.610353946685791]
[112.91264343261719]
[3.8500607013702393]
[1.4141126871109009]
[1.4496017694473267]
[2.8788139820098877]
[7.890460968017578]
[3.055148124694824]
[1.4646307229995728]
[0.8562229871749878]
[0.5882020592689514]
[0.4394335150718689]
[3.6438591480255127]
[1.261863112449646]
[0.33131682872772217]
[4.076694488525391]
[0.3385513722896576]
[10.565116882324219]
[2.723728895187378]
[3.1814608573913574]
[7.3975653648376465]
[6.61550235748291]
[15.83824348449707]
[0.5244353413581848]
[1.9351881742477417]
[0.4870418310165405]
[0.3950376808643341]
[0.4570685923099518]
[1.7499350309371948]
[0.4194753170013428]
[1.7850260734558105]
[4.191064357757568]
[2.433516502380371]
[0.8674859404563904]
[2.2318079471588135]
[5.798882007598877]
[7.123182773590088]
[19.812549591064453]
[9.59792423248291]
[2.7533321380615234]
[0.37883907556533813]
[6.18924617767334]
[0.7604233026504517]
[2.6736578941345215]
[0.4601873755455017]
[4.84766960144043]
[3.7884609699249268]
[0.26541590690612793]
[0.5312647819519043]
[0.2974330186843872]
[529.2855224609375]
[0.2980087995529175]
[5.5889892578125]
[0.19367478787899017]
[0.16251353919506073]
[0.40345728397369385]
[0.22060652077198029]
[0.8097206354141235]
[7.865110874176025]
[2.6960020065307617]
[0.25110799074172974]
[1.357045292854309]
[2.2712039947509766]
[2.2163851261138916]
[0.6898078322410583]
[0.28186583518981934]
[0.526093602180481]
[0.6632707715034485]
[1.3977327346801758]
[2.7261927127838135]
[86.19218444824219]
[1.1790262460708618]
[0.255685031414032]
[2.3990399837493896]
[40.867919921875]
[0.5556910634040833]
[0.6145462393760681]
[2.865529775619507]
[107.23075866699219]
[0.770447313785553]
[0.37835365533828735]
[0.7600936889648438]
[0.5095237493515015]
[1.5105944871902466]
[0.6712253093719482]
[0.3012417256832123]
[0.5989829897880554]
[10.961709022521973]
[1.0244297981262207]
[1.49382746219635]
[0.5578611493110657]
[3.322575330734253]
[1.5124057531356812]
[4.96514892578125]
[1.3560426235198975]
[4.020325183868408]
[7.931595325469971]
[35.2896614074707]
[4.5449113845825195]
[0.9247878789901733]
[7.568432807922363]
[2.5201878547668457]
[0.6038458347320557]
[0.28567084670066833]
[1.4781831502914429]
[0.4444502592086792]
[0.9717054963111877]
[4.705848693847656]
[9.199017524719238]
[6.96254825592041]
[1.145277976989746]
[5.339348793029785]
[1.329599142074585]
[1.3575520515441895]
[1.7381417751312256]
[37.04209899902344]
[3.3222811222076416]
[29.88486099243164]
[0.9655958414077759]
[0.3526114225387573]
[0.3362342417240143]
[0.9569721221923828]
[6.050490856170654]
[0.5111583471298218]
[8.23450756072998]
[2.066514492034912]
[0.8334851264953613]
[0.2346171885728836]
[0.5403188467025757]
[0.9776720404624939]
[1.3058290481567383]
[2.0745291709899902]
[0.17294783890247345]
[0.9731447696685791]
[0.3665880560874939]
[0.3441603481769562]
[0.364500492811203]
[4.549005031585693]
[2.086759090423584]
[8.734272956848145]
[0.43475326895713806]
[0.343187153339386]
[2.4243240356445312]
[0.23183776438236237]
[0.16734617948532104]
[2.430891513824463]
[6.333303451538086]
[0.5772329568862915]
[3.6784331798553467]
[3.4875192642211914]
[1.1468485593795776]
[1.3428760766983032]
[0.31376540660858154]
[4.515149116516113]
[6.987337589263916]
[0.42758071422576904]
[0.32948389649391174]
[0.5402587652206421]
[1.044152855873108]
[0.40746963024139404]
[1.6988177299499512]
[3.3436450958251953]
[0.14261284470558167]
[1.807936429977417]
[0.48462608456611633]
[0.9037628173828125]
[1.155329704284668]
[3.323472499847412]
[2.428701639175415]
[0.9243616461753845]
[0.8861463665962219]
[0.518909215927124]
[1.0919685363769531]
[0.2510388493537903]
[1.073559045791626]
[0.9303230047225952]
[1.3861595392227173]
[0.39775100350379944]
[3.1118457317352295]
[1.6341592073440552]
[0.9138785004615784]
[0.8598672747612]
[12.349143028259277]
[2.643927574157715]
[1.2529658079147339]
[1.2152752876281738]
[0.40351176261901855]
[1.4266232252120972]
[0.3131066560745239]
[0.2936877906322479]
[0.5978865623474121]
[2.3714380264282227]
[0.318991482257843]
[4.49349308013916]
[0.3658673167228699]
[0.3984087109565735]
[1.1612354516983032]
[0.7283260822296143]
[0.27834948897361755]
[0.34205666184425354]
[5.879315376281738]
[0.28843605518341064]
[0.289667546749115]
[0.44579029083251953]
[0.29217728972435]
[1.047579288482666]
[3.23332142829895]
[0.2141055464744568]
[6.397519588470459]
[0.6660651564598083]
[0.6831392645835876]
[0.3690461218357086]
[4.953055381774902]
[0.6145381927490234]
[0.27451851963996887]
[1.3038820028305054]
[376.5744934082031]
[3.117587089538574]
[1.174883484840393]
[1.4251267910003662]
[1.1856753826141357]
[2.7201759815216064]
[0.6035735011100769]
[1.8494497537612915]
[64.5645980834961]
[0.6314077973365784]
[1.3042044639587402]
[2.1498758792877197]
[1.144992470741272]
[1.045350432395935]
[0.23941661417484283]
[4.601962089538574]
[2.0212109088897705]
[0.23043115437030792]
[1.324204444885254]
[1.0410884618759155]
[4.975086688995361]
[7.479607105255127]
[0.7482171058654785]
[0.38668200373649597]
[0.9251689314842224]
[0.5348116159439087]
[68.78809356689453]
[25.961870193481445]
[4.010293960571289]
[1.6338688135147095]
[0.5938513875007629]
[0.43180906772613525]
[0.40554019808769226]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.046513795852661]
[2.28749680519104]
[1.3479373455047607]
[1.4416117668151855]
[0.5097675919532776]
[0.18470409512519836]
[7.447268486022949]
[1.5310481786727905]
[0.5744531154632568]
[3.522170066833496]
[0.2149878293275833]
[0.4927201569080353]
[0.6450654864311218]
[0.8970600962638855]
[1.3920471668243408]
[0.6256630420684814]
[0.6705003380775452]
[0.6388511061668396]
[0.7935064435005188]
[0.2022702842950821]
[70.24095916748047]
[0.06237788498401642]
[0.42012691497802734]
[1.5271458625793457]
[0.22676578164100647]
[0.7185248732566833]
[2.1822054386138916]
[5.141080379486084]
[0.3366406559944153]
[0.5050990581512451]
[2.081793785095215]
[0.22623693943023682]
[0.5163148641586304]
[7.697970390319824]
[2.248957872390747]
[0.17966824769973755]
[1.2896864414215088]
[0.3287694454193115]
[0.3422245383262634]
[3.4560537338256836]
[0.23271964490413666]
[15.993721008300781]
[1.0317341089248657]
[0.24308761954307556]
[2.6065337657928467]
[0.555330216884613]
[0.2263944447040558]
[0.34803372621536255]
[0.5436272621154785]
[0.3267993628978729]
[0.6470231413841248]
[0.23007099330425262]
[0.27349597215652466]
[0.7323799133300781]
[2.724179744720459]
[0.5048984289169312]
[0.936299204826355]
[1.5271164178848267]
[7.740809917449951]
[0.8070833683013916]
[0.5288079380989075]
[7.891697883605957]
[2.965664863586426]
[12.258014678955078]
[1.3896909952163696]
[0.9291973114013672]
[0.6039182543754578]
[0.1758042722940445]
[0.2089620977640152]
[1.5845003128051758]
[1.8518660068511963]
[0.3463834822177887]
[0.2156183272600174]
[252.1155242919922]
[0.3777991831302643]
[0.3763926327228546]
[0.1739884316921234]
[1.1167547702789307]
[3.2244739532470703]
[5.577482223510742]
[2.347074031829834]
[30.05889892578125]
[1.562294363975525]
[0.23245173692703247]
[3.444356918334961]
[1.095475196838379]
[0.9270531535148621]
[1.1240448951721191]
[0.6399009227752686]
[3.2222189903259277]
[0.33570632338523865]
[0.8516131639480591]
[0.6827190518379211]
[0.2290956825017929]
[2.302255392074585]
[0.8809800148010254]
[0.39468246698379517]
[0.6816755533218384]
[6.047354698181152]
[0.7604101300239563]
[0.9902341961860657]
[2.4508776664733887]
[0.4189012944698334]
[4.003250598907471]
[6.666039943695068]
[2.0952913761138916]
[1.736718773841858]
[0.34367048740386963]
[1.6562798023223877]
[6.4555439949035645]
[2.0775904655456543]
[4.287496566772461]
[1.7098829746246338]
[0.5218628644943237]
[0.33345580101013184]
[0.5799192190170288]
[0.9951002597808838]
[0.32036417722702026]
[296.4989318847656]
[0.44820988178253174]
[2.708494186401367]
[0.4352913200855255]
[0.4918445348739624]
[0.42489537596702576]
[0.5252320170402527]
[0.22313767671585083]
[0.07461172342300415]
[0.3160041570663452]
[0.7851578593254089]
[2.7306790351867676]
[0.8166391253471375]
[0.03935405984520912]
[0.4813894033432007]
[2.6847493648529053]
[0.4124854803085327]
[12.547957420349121]
[0.2935659885406494]
[1080.4254150390625]
[0.2246849238872528]
[0.20299012959003448]
[0.8029077053070068]
[0.19390803575515747]
[2.285255193710327]
[27.738168716430664]
[0.23706203699111938]
[0.27255961298942566]
[0.2569083571434021]
[16.249326705932617]
[1.7178219556808472]
[0.4388415813446045]
[0.8501182794570923]
[2.9257168769836426]
[2.9700934886932373]
[0.58327317237854]
[0.504528284072876]
[13.027487754821777]
[3.299309492111206]
[2.048363447189331]
[1.0464097261428833]
[0.12967391312122345]
[0.6866229176521301]
[0.4161730706691742]
[1.2014961242675781]
[0.7570958137512207]
[1.785173773765564]
[0.20695564150810242]
[1.056200385093689]
[0.19287288188934326]
[6.580305576324463]
[0.30682656168937683]
[2.0079867839813232]
[1.4892851114273071]
[14.239490509033203]
[8.250014305114746]
[5.189808368682861]
[4.28030252456665]
[8.946046829223633]
[0.3100341260433197]
[7.570454120635986]
[0.45795369148254395]
[221.68722534179688]
[1.1980016231536865]
[7.07075309753418]
[1.4189945459365845]
[0.2572580575942993]
[0.6788796782493591]
[82.63190460205078]
[5.869330406188965]
[0.7457393407821655]
[0.37660476565361023]
[0.5348748564720154]
[0.17143011093139648]
[2.0656774044036865]
[0.4201691150665283]
[0.2347678542137146]
[0.3704647719860077]
[0.23059089481830597]
[0.9977498650550842]
[2.2100512981414795]
[0.15509934723377228]
[0.32417502999305725]
[0.785310685634613]
[0.4268251061439514]
[44.91233444213867]
[0.15416710078716278]
[1.0226514339447021]
[0.2458549290895462]
[0.8538006544113159]
[1.4604027271270752]
[0.2102949321269989]
[0.2607582211494446]
[11.943336486816406]
[1.824647068977356]
[0.3649865686893463]
[1.385523796081543]
[25.335590362548828]
[4.971470832824707]
[0.5800768136978149]
[0.6575563549995422]
[1.5599271059036255]
[18.451026916503906]
[1.279575228691101]
[0.22469909489154816]
[7.028586387634277]
[0.39572250843048096]
[2.616063117980957]
[0.20693178474903107]
[0.9533296227455139]
[0.6452065110206604]
[0.2844500243663788]
[4.4968581199646]
[57.02406311035156]
[0.12144608795642853]
[0.23968800902366638]
[2.189821243286133]
[3.385756492614746]
[0.075051449239254]
[0.23698392510414124]
[0.43245071172714233]
[0.7054632306098938]
[2.9668636322021484]
[1.2534511089324951]
[0.4508574306964874]
[0.45263245701789856]
[1.1739203929901123]
[0.9788327217102051]
[1.6435089111328125]
[0.17698635160923004]
[0.3169955015182495]
[0.3200210630893707]
[0.29978856444358826]
[0.2553369104862213]
[0.6691840291023254]
[0.2547060251235962]
[1.3426642417907715]
[3.3088643550872803]
[0.7825109958648682]
[11.628597259521484]
[6.6556549072265625]
[1.8685764074325562]
[1.7910375595092773]
[1.153253197669983]
[0.3082658052444458]
[2.027165412902832]
[1.2962417602539062]
[0.06943270564079285]
[0.5915095806121826]
[0.49404704570770264]
[0.3009054660797119]
[5.157073974609375]
[1.3024659156799316]
[0.48488715291023254]
[0.44899141788482666]
[0.6083870530128479]
[0.7333725690841675]
[0.6274960041046143]
[0.29428842663764954]
[4.5648651123046875]
[0.7889309525489807]
[1.825495958328247]
[0.49471336603164673]
[0.5072922110557556]
[0.13092641532421112]
[0.12421887367963791]
[0.1921408623456955]
[25.27768325805664]
[55.654666900634766]
[0.20087553560733795]
[5.6230950355529785]
[0.2533971667289734]
[2.5720183849334717]
[0.260590523481369]
[1.4754753112792969]
[1.1639504432678223]
[0.3349735140800476]
[0.4988192021846771]
[0.13239401578903198]
[0.5437430739402771]
[1.949112892150879]
[0.6913000345230103]
[31.554786682128906]
[4.720592021942139]
[0.06989115476608276]
[0.6642933487892151]
[0.3148442208766937]
[0.31848016381263733]
[0.5935563445091248]
[0.8916355967521667]
[0.5650151968002319]
[0.5925665497779846]
[0.116341732442379]
[2.488375425338745]
[1.7963300943374634]
[0.5319424867630005]
[0.4240983724594116]
[2.2848012447357178]
[0.22037184238433838]
[0.6562780737876892]
[20.525840759277344]
[0.8913214206695557]
[0.12893325090408325]
[2.448943614959717]
[0.12889941036701202]
[0.2160690426826477]
[0.3735799491405487]
[0.20184598863124847]
[0.4376058876514435]
[1.616101861000061]
[0.0960361510515213]
[1.1675816774368286]
[0.9980955719947815]
[0.2155933976173401]
[1.3512223958969116]
[0.5740817189216614]
[5.533019542694092]
[2.293971538543701]
[0.4333593249320984]
[0.8261637687683105]
[0.4524078667163849]
[18.26698875427246]
[0.9182608127593994]
[0.8927116990089417]
[0.12403789162635803]
[2.4323973655700684]
[0.7855924367904663]
[1.0162185430526733]
[0.23173943161964417]
[0.34019744396209717]
[0.35807743668556213]
[0.3852156698703766]
[0.29745322465896606]
[0.8502485752105713]
[0.12498119473457336]
[0.5522457361221313]
[1.3295997381210327]
[2.4714386463165283]
[0.9467721581459045]
[0.48178887367248535]
[0.23431800305843353]
[0.26062914729118347]
[4.401543617248535]
[6.9016547203063965]
[2.3463737964630127]
[0.3093090355396271]
[0.6731866598129272]
[3.7086269855499268]
[0.5486821532249451]
[1.0542362928390503]
[0.12875844538211823]
[0.2235451340675354]
[2.517418384552002]
[0.1661616563796997]
[4.210960865020752]
[0.6886980533599854]
[0.5346630811691284]
[0.15232282876968384]
[0.9542225003242493]
[1.0853197574615479]
[1.870354413986206]
[2.1845734119415283]
[0.05896765738725662]
[1.0849689245224]
[0.3204866349697113]
[0.3911496102809906]
[8.357254028320312]
[4.090686798095703]
[0.15310916304588318]
[0.5142525434494019]
[1.9737677574157715]
[0.0704740583896637]
[0.40013450384140015]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[20.468090057373047]
[0.36970821022987366]
[0.27690958976745605]
[0.4544682800769806]
[0.49421074986457825]
[1.3730260133743286]
[0.15085820853710175]
[2.2563982009887695]
[0.1991715282201767]
[2.2323222160339355]
[0.8967867493629456]
[127.76387786865234]
[0.8970086574554443]
[0.7181494235992432]
[0.25533998012542725]
[0.8212633728981018]
[1.7401179075241089]
[0.2499244064092636]
[3.900606632232666]
[1.6268463134765625]
[2.814697027206421]
[1.6977237462997437]
[35.73834991455078]
[6.133098125457764]
[777.2828979492188]
[0.687680721282959]
[1.8503236770629883]
[7.26729679107666]
[0.4882001578807831]
[3.051995277404785]
[1.704992413520813]
[1.2220697402954102]
[1.741940975189209]
[2.8084397315979004]
[0.38970595598220825]
[1.6763107776641846]
[0.3859936594963074]
[43.636131286621094]
[4.891780376434326]
[0.4668799638748169]
[0.6171638369560242]
[0.22769217193126678]
[0.2211073338985443]
[0.8735910654067993]
[2.4108831882476807]
[0.8017367720603943]
[0.20833368599414825]
[0.39121273159980774]
[0.5530740022659302]
[0.18823881447315216]
[1.5048480033874512]
[0.480575829744339]
[0.9807841777801514]
[0.23703064024448395]
[2.810626745223999]
[2.6508193016052246]
[11.36056137084961]
[0.2215345948934555]
[1.1275911331176758]
[37.10833740234375]
[9.904033660888672]
[3.3020505905151367]
[0.330129474401474]
[0.19083228707313538]
[2.3666231632232666]
[0.20787490904331207]
[0.19407503306865692]
[0.035747040063142776]
[1.738457202911377]
[0.5504032373428345]
[5.455194473266602]
[8.222736358642578]
[0.056428875774145126]
[0.36300209164619446]
[0.6235157251358032]
[2.0265839099884033]
[0.15381520986557007]
[0.13417178392410278]
[13.525228500366211]
[0.6394633650779724]
[0.8067803382873535]
[9.504287719726562]
[2.6421151161193848]
[11.791831970214844]
[3.2126169204711914]
[0.9478803873062134]
[2.9254062175750732]
[4.699388027191162]
[2.2977042198181152]
[456.4287414550781]
[0.5407594442367554]
[1.0252366065979004]
[26.223922729492188]
[1.4023948907852173]
[0.25992730259895325]
[0.19215163588523865]
[37.943599700927734]
[0.4936344027519226]
[0.3122245669364929]
[0.8418200612068176]
[6.921384811401367]
[1.166964054107666]
[3.7909677028656006]
[5.860902786254883]
[0.42329585552215576]
[2.877845525741577]
[0.1692025512456894]
[1.04911470413208]
[1.0751163959503174]
[0.351711630821228]
[2.708106279373169]
[0.2196037322282791]
[2.8980166912078857]
[0.9905085563659668]
[2.853188991546631]
[0.20715449750423431]
[7.000943660736084]
[2.153141736984253]
[0.8422707319259644]
[0.1840403974056244]
[30.050050735473633]
[2.5242645740509033]
[28.81127166748047]
[0.10304148495197296]
[0.9642835259437561]
[0.5305455923080444]
[0.6079757809638977]
[3.2315146923065186]
[0.15266026556491852]
[1.762252926826477]
[1.981898307800293]
[958.1637573242188]
[12.491545677185059]
[0.5587415099143982]
[0.48112186789512634]
[0.5129705667495728]
[1.0858969688415527]
[0.13382425904273987]
[0.23984861373901367]
[3.140659809112549]
[0.8861203193664551]
[0.5809526443481445]
[4.313927173614502]
[46.18638610839844]
[3.8171825408935547]
[2.124830722808838]
[0.1775372326374054]
[55.536903381347656]
[2.3331663608551025]
[0.4587707817554474]
[0.6447333693504333]
[10.203686714172363]
[0.43072766065597534]
[0.12177613377571106]
[0.8668502569198608]
[0.12200402468442917]
[1.8939646482467651]
[1.4488452672958374]
[6.2159833908081055]
[9.792701721191406]
[5.010965347290039]
[1.8257803916931152]
[4.596902370452881]
[0.6378585696220398]
[0.14008645713329315]
[0.9947162866592407]
[3.4710793495178223]
[1.1180920600891113]
[0.9034328460693359]
[0.7934856414794922]
[0.2860168218612671]
[0.4958454966545105]
[0.5412054657936096]
[0.11790673434734344]
[0.1312997043132782]
[1.8995776176452637]
[1.8308532238006592]
[0.11791770905256271]
[0.3833121955394745]
[0.2851499021053314]
[0.4515383541584015]
[1960.1031494140625]
[0.8355341553688049]
[1.6501246690750122]
[716.8956909179688]
[0.5495764017105103]
[0.5491271615028381]
[1.4699854850769043]
[1.196341872215271]
[0.31176504492759705]
[0.14387613534927368]
[0.24287237226963043]
[66.34783935546875]
[0.15240073204040527]
[0.2904096245765686]
[0.16008371114730835]
[3.642124891281128]
[2.5964479446411133]
[7.0319108963012695]
[0.46663203835487366]
[7.983456611633301]
[0.29287517070770264]
[5.132315158843994]
[0.35918736457824707]
[44.48997497558594]
[11.643726348876953]
[0.16294819116592407]
[15.773868560791016]
[0.062416091561317444]
[9.903722763061523]
[1.6256537437438965]
[0.7404967546463013]
[1.0704994201660156]
[0.9188768267631531]
[0.6142339706420898]
[2.0747246742248535]
[1.2485451698303223]
[0.6823731064796448]
[36.09137725830078]
[0.30321499705314636]
[5.480492115020752]
[0.20673079788684845]
[1.4346598386764526]
[0.7332043647766113]
[0.6091000437736511]
[9.364056587219238]
[0.547518253326416]
[0.527642011642456]
[0.2058287262916565]
[0.4535289406776428]
[1.833249568939209]
[0.9831526279449463]
[3.050323247909546]
[12.711974143981934]
[0.27388232946395874]
[11.907587051391602]
[2.3479526042938232]
[1.4621710777282715]
[0.18721026182174683]
[33.575172424316406]
[0.43515387177467346]
[0.7557279467582703]
[1.3085981607437134]
[34.828765869140625]
[0.29498210549354553]
[0.5463279485702515]
[1.5391267538070679]
[1.1291908025741577]
[8.280928611755371]
[4.555795669555664]
[0.3127698600292206]
[0.035808075219392776]
[0.33373451232910156]
[0.3643636405467987]
[3.073324680328369]
[1.0174764394760132]
[0.44271138310432434]
[0.7099621295928955]
[3.6735620498657227]
[1.8296443223953247]
[0.15205714106559753]
[7.052042007446289]
[0.21009215712547302]
[0.2566404938697815]
[0.3164713680744171]
[1.446134328842163]
[0.45373672246932983]
[0.3909548223018646]
[2.5484790802001953]
[1.0653096437454224]
[0.18081507086753845]
[58.55381393432617]
[0.23055867850780487]
[0.18220412731170654]
[0.45202362537384033]
[2.2168924808502197]
[0.12737701833248138]
[4.053398609161377]
[0.33358481526374817]
[0.2746850848197937]
[2.8069427013397217]
[0.17405004799365997]
[1.0684298276901245]
[0.38398438692092896]
[2.717966079711914]
[0.7320050001144409]
[3.1000406742095947]
[2.599433660507202]
[1.5272853374481201]
[13.295183181762695]
[0.35071441531181335]
[1.2113069295883179]
[16.5849552154541]
[0.9420718550682068]
[0.050691813230514526]
[1.8946144580841064]
[40.039642333984375]
[0.6047202944755554]
[0.782471776008606]
[0.04534939303994179]
[0.7222391366958618]
[0.10011045634746552]
[0.7314966320991516]
[0.8188931345939636]
[3.526815414428711]
[3.0778684616088867]
[0.16648557782173157]
[0.21150285005569458]
[0.30103808641433716]
[0.6852538585662842]
[0.10562502592802048]
[1104.04052734375]
[6.723788261413574]
[368.8717041015625]
[0.1617012470960617]
[0.7844945788383484]
[0.6192749738693237]
[2.2440340518951416]
[0.3877076804637909]
[2.264374017715454]
[2.561028242111206]
[0.16034434735774994]
[6.101898193359375]
[0.2690768241882324]
[2.517180919647217]
[3.3453214168548584]
[8.204133033752441]
[0.7332131862640381]
[7.784076690673828]
[2.4150023460388184]
[0.7998809814453125]
[0.1092195212841034]
[1.1151789426803589]
[0.16750390827655792]
[19.118837356567383]
[1.2119059562683105]
[0.7733423113822937]
[2.1444644927978516]
[0.9353194236755371]
[0.049935512244701385]
[0.29279249906539917]
[1.2079392671585083]
[0.6541014313697815]
[3.2553393840789795]
[9.16234016418457]
[115.74887084960938]
[7.499996185302734]
[2.4790167808532715]
[3.9213321208953857]
[0.8908835649490356]
[10.504355430603027]
[1.7992552518844604]
[1.4615010023117065]
[2.704984664916992]
[0.2722686529159546]
[0.6585167646408081]
[17.514026641845703]
[1.6760010719299316]
[1.6385083198547363]
[0.1929207295179367]
[1.1116162538528442]
[0.276289701461792]
[0.9954367280006409]
[4.119104862213135]
[3.939418077468872]
[8.038728713989258]
[0.6797614097595215]
[0.9107826352119446]
[0.19030660390853882]
[3.944195032119751]
[0.4684715270996094]
[0.7312763929367065]
[1.0281805992126465]
[0.6553642749786377]
[0.35045066475868225]
[178.48451232910156]
[3.588338851928711]
[3.828723669052124]
[1.3918288946151733]
[1.7412601709365845]
[0.7126038074493408]
[0.7094444036483765]
[25.089702606201172]
[1.901465654373169]
[9.87773609161377]
[0.6652696132659912]
[17.5783634185791]
[0.8207713961601257]
[9.009061813354492]
[2.2510228157043457]
[13.854082107543945]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.20768384635448456]
[0.5129609107971191]
[0.37252113223075867]
[0.5467026233673096]
[0.22395268082618713]
[12.867571830749512]
[0.37277325987815857]
[0.7367722988128662]
[0.7126955986022949]
[0.18490813672542572]
[0.9031694531440735]
[0.9767232537269592]
[1.7455554008483887]
[1.4965064525604248]
[0.10625140368938446]
[1.275039792060852]
[1.871004343032837]
[0.3945819139480591]
[0.6824146509170532]
[13.701364517211914]
[6.191488265991211]
[0.7569118738174438]
[0.05761343985795975]
[1.3231513500213623]
[0.3256171941757202]
[0.050211094319820404]
[0.43746310472488403]
[0.24916137754917145]
[5.514969348907471]
[1.1693307161331177]
[0.6603928208351135]
[0.6341139674186707]
[2.1589324474334717]
[0.8022949695587158]
[0.7341798543930054]
[0.7593193054199219]
[15.762534141540527]
[0.7749089002609253]
[0.5378499627113342]
[3.4653332233428955]
[0.1364973783493042]
[0.22332251071929932]
[16.12441635131836]
[0.045367490500211716]
[0.6064019203186035]
[2.2465128898620605]
[0.4329705536365509]
[2.5748724937438965]
[0.28037336468696594]
[0.6606630682945251]
[0.7212226986885071]
[1.6999250650405884]
[4.27243185043335]
[0.2411203533411026]
[0.5932673811912537]
[0.37972521781921387]
[0.1556544005870819]
[0.17274585366249084]
[1.0620486736297607]
[0.6416206359863281]
[0.21784858405590057]
[244.1148681640625]
[0.49748626351356506]
[1.0918136835098267]
[0.4092097878456116]
[3.864046335220337]
[1.4913296699523926]
[0.9393260478973389]
[0.17852811515331268]
[1.0107817649841309]
[1.0399281978607178]
[0.9692211747169495]
[0.6371615529060364]
[0.16658209264278412]
[22.008342742919922]
[1.1938027143478394]
[1.0635002851486206]
[0.8248633742332458]
[0.40330958366394043]
[2.952897310256958]
[2.524843454360962]
[0.9856242537498474]
[1.8803538084030151]
[6.818538188934326]
[0.6336490511894226]
[1.61574125289917]
[1.193868637084961]
[3.9917755126953125]
[1.8927624225616455]
[0.9661173820495605]
[0.16896861791610718]
[0.0939570888876915]
[1.4398036003112793]
[0.27623501420021057]
[7.730318546295166]
[0.30449870228767395]
[0.1512470841407776]
[5.139434814453125]
[0.46034637093544006]
[678.111328125]
[0.15954145789146423]
[0.7446221709251404]
[0.1722133308649063]
[0.45835262537002563]
[0.5435695648193359]
[28.748884201049805]
[0.08434880524873734]
[3.472743511199951]
[0.6568964123725891]
[1.7469650506973267]
[14.093990325927734]
[6.610091686248779]
[0.9530723094940186]
[0.3914791941642761]
[0.6163985729217529]
[0.4972257912158966]
[0.5786580443382263]
[7.381476402282715]
[0.42883530259132385]
[1.9095250368118286]
[1.2611353397369385]
[13.724883079528809]
[7.635587692260742]
[3.112191677093506]
[0.3255060315132141]
[0.35628417134284973]
[5.522846221923828]
[1.642441987991333]
[3.269423484802246]
[0.4877244830131531]
[0.9095475077629089]
[4.591018199920654]
[6.586925029754639]
[0.3819931745529175]
[1.1060020923614502]
[10.226707458496094]
[3.2965149879455566]
[5.446264266967773]
[0.48775288462638855]
[4.845951080322266]
[0.6071599721908569]
[1.8301681280136108]
[1.4332032203674316]
[0.761477530002594]
[4.877562046051025]
[0.6993297338485718]
[0.4493151605129242]
[0.6960585117340088]
[4.702045917510986]
[0.11883818358182907]
[2.6619367599487305]
[0.41469112038612366]
[0.2578340470790863]
[4.994957447052002]
[0.15235179662704468]
[0.1436581164598465]
[0.6958541870117188]
[1.913805365562439]
[0.4710225760936737]
[0.06851403415203094]
[0.5962309837341309]
[0.4102169871330261]
[3.2039780616760254]
[1.2362370491027832]
[0.38046616315841675]
[4.397679328918457]
[0.4009380042552948]
[0.10117018967866898]
[4.374682426452637]
[0.8394123315811157]
[0.3524816632270813]
[0.5452939867973328]
[0.09357552230358124]
[4.605440139770508]
[0.2783215045928955]
[1.9216244220733643]
[4.2023725509643555]
[1.0425643920898438]
[0.10384759306907654]
[0.1716216504573822]
[1.3767095804214478]
[1.1533679962158203]
[1.1764700412750244]
[0.6110300421714783]
[0.2012207955121994]
[0.8234775066375732]
[0.31750649213790894]
[1.1536147594451904]
[0.5379936695098877]
[0.24672284722328186]
[0.15684694051742554]
[0.568016767501831]
[0.5541808605194092]
[5.340351581573486]
[0.5810930728912354]
[0.1508331447839737]
[1.0786317586898804]
[0.20834720134735107]
[7.682061672210693]
[0.44119539856910706]
[0.5626379251480103]
[0.5362458825111389]
[0.6727321147918701]
[75.7273178100586]
[1839.84375]
[0.17075036466121674]
[0.2548940181732178]
[0.3215050995349884]
[1.5464099645614624]
[0.11136755347251892]
[0.9573325514793396]
[0.4812842905521393]
[1.000931978225708]
[8.648541450500488]
[0.6044127941131592]
[2.516167163848877]
[0.26120153069496155]
[3.0686068534851074]
[0.133400559425354]
[2.7547554969787598]
[7.628209114074707]
[0.9443764686584473]
[0.4720533788204193]
[1.4591026306152344]
[0.08393588662147522]
[5.028524875640869]
[14.291060447692871]
[0.08303835988044739]
[0.44789302349090576]
[0.14617930352687836]
[12.545323371887207]
[2.6134142875671387]
[1.8634190559387207]
[0.4270147681236267]
[1.9283435344696045]
[2.8394479751586914]
[0.4174328148365021]
[1.060164213180542]
[0.9319273233413696]
[1.8495545387268066]
[0.08321980386972427]
[1.0052218437194824]
[0.3481368124485016]
[0.2952326536178589]
[0.5419192910194397]
[0.25526222586631775]
[1.1017476320266724]
[11.582281112670898]
[60.36675262451172]
[1.1078221797943115]
[9.024340629577637]
[1.6598825454711914]
[0.08229326456785202]
[2.5337092876434326]
[0.15035471320152283]
[3.749990224838257]
[10.137508392333984]
[8.954687118530273]
[1.3499418497085571]
[7.90572452545166]
[6.261408805847168]
[7.5311598777771]
[147.70826721191406]
[0.5517833232879639]
[3.9207611083984375]
[2.549697160720825]
[0.16737639904022217]
[0.6636090278625488]
[0.09348691999912262]
[0.6881555914878845]
[0.09984491020441055]
[6.926680088043213]
[1.8969868421554565]
[0.19824451208114624]
[0.8442676067352295]
[0.8413568735122681]
[0.9496886730194092]
[0.5902563333511353]
[7.440948009490967]
[0.8151701092720032]
[1.7093939781188965]
[1.0310616493225098]
[0.6078454852104187]
[0.3327138125896454]
[0.09737802296876907]
[0.45390698313713074]
[4.250919342041016]
[0.037456437945365906]
[4.858309745788574]
[1.7282406091690063]
[0.7631426453590393]
[0.5556946992874146]
[0.21275490522384644]
[0.0959911122918129]
[0.13796882331371307]
[0.810880184173584]
[0.7594471573829651]
[0.5152695178985596]
[0.2392854243516922]
[62.659915924072266]
[0.7457160353660583]
[0.7080585956573486]
[4.412471771240234]
[0.42520439624786377]
[0.3016701936721802]
[4.649961948394775]
[0.256547212600708]
[0.6352578997612]
[1.382939338684082]
[9.941669464111328]
[0.13634374737739563]
[2.806997060775757]
[1.1735635995864868]
[0.6478450298309326]
[1.1324396133422852]
[0.7048808932304382]
[0.7565394043922424]
[2.686004638671875]
[0.22276262938976288]
[2.5195765495300293]
[0.4281077980995178]
[0.2500552237033844]
[0.987612783908844]
[5.952741622924805]
[0.23059877753257751]
[2.7746944427490234]
[1.9688605070114136]
[0.4573385715484619]
[0.2700536847114563]
[45.297176361083984]
[1.2212952375411987]
[0.5531201362609863]
[0.09525166451931]
[0.20495931804180145]
[1.7371548414230347]
[3.9159984588623047]
[0.7074170112609863]
[0.143479123711586]
[11.790064811706543]
[0.14650404453277588]
[0.11581237614154816]
[0.35452979803085327]
[0.7683208584785461]
[0.17293816804885864]
[0.7543222904205322]
[0.49745625257492065]
[11.575977325439453]
[0.11454176157712936]
[0.08162523061037064]
[3.33493709564209]
[0.1578044295310974]
[1.1117138862609863]
[0.6706120371818542]
[3.9064714908599854]
[0.3945029377937317]
[1.7096221446990967]
[3888.00634765625]
[0.8661060929298401]
[47.17862319946289]
[0.14342887699604034]
[0.04815496876835823]
[0.6846357583999634]
[0.9785735607147217]
[6.209157943725586]
[3.2767629623413086]
[3.4139435291290283]
[435.634033203125]
[6.409157752990723]
[0.1472088098526001]
[8.435959815979004]
[1.6694880723953247]
[1.1071926355361938]
[7.7702813148498535]
[0.3175145983695984]
[0.2550410032272339]
[0.630830705165863]
[4.6860857009887695]
[57.35672378540039]
[5.516806602478027]
[3.1462209224700928]
[170.0563507080078]
[32.54633712768555]
[2.201655387878418]
[0.3478580415248871]
[1.2617660760879517]
[63.02422332763672]
[0.25655508041381836]
[0.6633952856063843]
[0.18681906163692474]
[4.4370317459106445]
[0.21107284724712372]
[1.2037326097488403]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.6051799654960632]
[3.5030384063720703]
[1.1724897623062134]
[7.1788716316223145]
[4.277646541595459]
[0.1300695836544037]
[0.7608978152275085]
[0.6291259527206421]
[2.6536061763763428]
[0.4964527189731598]
[0.708213746547699]
[0.16215090453624725]
[0.24326324462890625]
[0.2174839824438095]
[0.1436443030834198]
[8.492639541625977]
[0.20971044898033142]
[0.10563209652900696]
[1.5982873439788818]
[0.618766725063324]
[0.32721462845802307]
[6.83714485168457]
[0.3696799576282501]
[0.5572937726974487]
[1.5719785690307617]
[0.41624781489372253]
[6.571581840515137]
[0.08836712688207626]
[1.3942780494689941]
[0.24646084010601044]
[1.1271862983703613]
[0.9601816534996033]
[81.38139343261719]
[0.9855793118476868]
[8.164015769958496]
[0.29448288679122925]
[0.29684311151504517]
[1.1705527305603027]
[3.416504144668579]
[0.14025570452213287]
[0.750068187713623]
[5.213310718536377]
[438.4390869140625]
[0.9626889228820801]
[3.5968124866485596]
[3.336674451828003]
[1.3215913772583008]
[0.3912990093231201]
[0.6015951037406921]
[8.879741668701172]
[0.44707924127578735]
[0.24941213428974152]
[0.757958173751831]
[2.2838358879089355]
[0.5572932958602905]
[19.16668128967285]
[2.412557601928711]
[1.2950427532196045]
[0.09913431107997894]
[0.4089435935020447]
[2.570255994796753]
[3.8760225772857666]
[10.040874481201172]
[0.239385724067688]
[1.344157099723816]
[0.626863956451416]
[10.731679916381836]
[0.3457193374633789]
[1.2903618812561035]
[3.8952114582061768]
[0.22526055574417114]
[1.5945580005645752]
[24.532859802246094]
[2.220924139022827]
[9.940905570983887]
[1.158268690109253]
[1.9527571201324463]
[0.5223830938339233]
[0.8847211599349976]
[29.114850997924805]
[1.4589295387268066]
[2.3295350074768066]
[7.791689872741699]
[0.4745510220527649]
[2.29069447517395]
[1.0092178583145142]
[0.4923945367336273]
[0.48782822489738464]
[1.2099037170410156]
[0.17933812737464905]
[6.159570217132568]
[3072.73291015625]
[0.4357219934463501]
[0.9004575610160828]
[1.2116539478302002]
[0.6248968839645386]
[0.22124050557613373]
[8.09732437133789]
[34.145652770996094]
[4.251899242401123]
[841.0767211914062]
[0.20929627120494843]
[65.81622314453125]
[2.5295848846435547]
[9.040419578552246]
[17.827058792114258]
[0.23998722434043884]
[1.8362144231796265]
[0.38229548931121826]
[9.826007843017578]
[16.828800201416016]
[8.017518043518066]
[3.044957160949707]
[0.8700101375579834]
[2.5934629440307617]
[5.45645809173584]
[73.3614273071289]
[7.559844970703125]
[104.22512817382812]
[2.40264892578125]
[4.756340503692627]
[4.166686058044434]
[0.6030883193016052]
[1.7326029539108276]
[0.32926011085510254]
[9.966231346130371]
[7.435884952545166]
[0.30118733644485474]
[4.377669334411621]
[69.01325225830078]
[2.984450340270996]
[14.526829719543457]
[0.9914594292640686]
[270.28729248046875]
[5.265519618988037]
[8.493711471557617]
[0.5922816395759583]
[0.5245023965835571]
[1.2046518325805664]
[1.3740980625152588]
[4.402456283569336]
[39.95970153808594]
[9.41640567779541]
[8.127293586730957]
[4.647157192230225]
[1.2915747165679932]
[1.4962910413742065]
[1.01011323928833]
[2.3059706687927246]
[1.2284455299377441]
[3.1469171047210693]
[100.54059600830078]
[7.2654500007629395]
[1.967435359954834]
[0.7860183119773865]
[34.896881103515625]
[0.6457059979438782]
[0.6375530958175659]
[1.5723505020141602]
[17.0042724609375]
[129.52064514160156]
[11.856746673583984]
[242.18556213378906]
[14.302138328552246]
[0.5702230334281921]
[1.263252854347229]
[0.6281377673149109]
[0.8747131824493408]
[1.9130449295043945]
[1.0845757722854614]
[0.35974356532096863]
[0.7331063747406006]
[0.38045552372932434]
[7.076786041259766]
[0.37485963106155396]
[0.5301192998886108]
[751.1619262695312]
[11.622998237609863]
[1.101813793182373]
[0.48212623596191406]
[1.1771819591522217]
[26.302522659301758]
[0.31705334782600403]
[2.6597824096679688]
[3.0740740299224854]
[0.8508704304695129]
[61.20170593261719]
[0.6761886477470398]
[100.64544677734375]
[1.9940091371536255]
[9.99083423614502]
[3.007800579071045]
[1.5854110717773438]
[2.630849838256836]
[3.3453497886657715]
[3.1110994815826416]
[3.4321584701538086]
[3.7718896865844727]
[2.076364040374756]
[1.637271523475647]
[16.110816955566406]
[0.9314185380935669]
[8.143176078796387]
[1.497585654258728]
[3.66444730758667]
[0.9513230919837952]
[1.7903515100479126]
[0.30519041419029236]
[7.952028274536133]
[1.833767056465149]
[5.6917243003845215]
[7.564688682556152]
[2.5314879417419434]
[2.06549334526062]
[0.8855664134025574]
[8.804851531982422]
[0.255288302898407]
[2.2820870876312256]
[1.086027979850769]
[0.23859809339046478]
[2.8886213302612305]
[3.3912971019744873]
[25.232194900512695]
[1.6814720630645752]
[0.36039265990257263]
[4.272279262542725]
[0.38399603962898254]
[0.9891777634620667]
[14.663464546203613]
[1.4632214307785034]
[0.8581376075744629]
[0.9602901935577393]
[0.09834446758031845]
[1.1560943126678467]
[0.5549681782722473]
[6.380559921264648]
[0.19273006916046143]
[3.904320478439331]
[0.8659030795097351]
[0.07842177897691727]
[0.7237001657485962]
[1.2138352394104004]
[0.14148035645484924]
[0.8200256824493408]
[0.33643996715545654]
[0.07650420814752579]
[2.3773698806762695]
[0.07287769019603729]
[1.0882004499435425]
[0.07121655344963074]
[0.12710604071617126]
[8.866220474243164]
[3.665334701538086]
[0.5141127109527588]
[808.3992919921875]
[10.840149879455566]
[0.4256218373775482]
[0.5101751089096069]
[0.3353128135204315]
[0.1546085923910141]
[3.4993627071380615]
[0.0656237080693245]
[205.05096435546875]
[17.018390655517578]
[1.7089289426803589]
[1.7397499084472656]
[1204.2425537109375]
[1.0674220323562622]
[1.975558876991272]
[0.21657522022724152]
[0.593227207660675]
[0.8022188544273376]
[4.769770622253418]
[5.156350135803223]
[0.9818516373634338]
[5.313319683074951]
[1.0594245195388794]
[11.252147674560547]
[1.7366883754730225]
[0.42110276222229004]
[1.1293799877166748]
[0.5779934525489807]
[5.647755146026611]
[2.3990488052368164]
[0.6779171228408813]
[0.4461217522621155]
[0.2985745966434479]
[1.4027278423309326]
[1.4277310371398926]
[0.4905211627483368]
[8.259763717651367]
[0.16263103485107422]
[0.18168136477470398]
[0.14749360084533691]
[7.988912582397461]
[0.08737053722143173]
[0.9340120553970337]
[1.0921761989593506]
[0.4548269510269165]
[0.8054741024971008]
[0.720085859298706]
[0.9160751104354858]
[3.5141685009002686]
[0.06765338778495789]
[0.15394975244998932]
[0.1129918023943901]
[0.6335634589195251]
[2.489116907119751]
[0.673646867275238]
[0.9196987748146057]
[6.3070068359375]
[444.5469665527344]
[17.88933563232422]
[13.753933906555176]
[6.53067684173584]
[6417.3935546875]
[9.921558380126953]
[75.35733795166016]
[3.187711238861084]
[0.27122223377227783]
[0.2333252727985382]
[0.7061968445777893]
[0.5046933889389038]
[0.7634004354476929]
[60.02873229980469]
[7.139366626739502]
[3.9513845443725586]
[0.1871241331100464]
[0.781715989112854]
[8.264086723327637]
[2.571629285812378]
[5.811267852783203]
[8.317819595336914]
[1.408186435699463]
[3.6366209983825684]
[15.456701278686523]
[0.13590769469738007]
[1.6539130210876465]
[1.55875825881958]
[3.8469619750976562]
[0.2153489738702774]
[12.402399063110352]
[0.22444793581962585]
[0.6733112931251526]
[2.422741413116455]
[2.205742120742798]
[5.943911075592041]
[30.159423828125]
[6.871862411499023]
[8.374704360961914]
[2.2100017070770264]
[1.0942376852035522]
[19.881357192993164]
[28.661951065063477]
[0.31391945481300354]
[8.406814575195312]
[0.16014863550662994]
[1.0848438739776611]
[50.96061706542969]
[0.1596536636352539]
[0.6316252946853638]
[1.7985258102416992]
[14.985861778259277]
[2.1116161346435547]
[4.51695442199707]
[2.7660698890686035]
[1.2498493194580078]
[75.97453308105469]
[7.742166519165039]
[1.977312445640564]
[7.807007312774658]
[1.6416172981262207]
[2.133991241455078]
[0.9397793412208557]
[14.823575019836426]
[5.8463592529296875]
[0.8331656455993652]
[0.23555372655391693]
[11.334024429321289]
[1.3598723411560059]
[2.486959218978882]
[0.29621589183807373]
[2.5307466983795166]
[1.9224697351455688]
[2.018176317214966]
[0.1631118655204773]
[2.4826836585998535]
[4.065119743347168]
[17.079254150390625]
[0.9274978041648865]
[1.2162504196166992]
[3.3815481662750244]
[0.21981613337993622]
[49.27894973754883]
[9.557282447814941]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.941047191619873]
[1.3527309894561768]
[1.8945127725601196]
[0.07670728862285614]
[73.50100708007812]
[1.2773700952529907]
[5.604677200317383]
[10.380620956420898]
[0.9306610226631165]
[11.696179389953613]
[3.8081798553466797]
[1.9026954174041748]
[1.1648669242858887]
[3.6082284450531006]
[8.9047212600708]
[6.092208385467529]
[0.21895135939121246]
[10.232293128967285]
[0.15931791067123413]
[1582.29150390625]
[0.6930221319198608]
[4350.2470703125]
[0.22223840653896332]
[3.7564480304718018]
[4.193915843963623]
[74.29407501220703]
[21.846139907836914]
[67.21673583984375]
[48.44034194946289]
[13.08355712890625]
[15.89860725402832]
[18.120441436767578]
[22.386608123779297]
[35.159488677978516]
[16.784448623657227]
[34.56193923950195]
[0.6356372237205505]
[2.0958919525146484]
[81.87065124511719]
[141.48153686523438]
[6.450623989105225]
[0.7345153093338013]
[68.82182312011719]
[0.628868818283081]
[1.1894266605377197]
[0.7299147248268127]
[90.80736541748047]
[12.671243667602539]
[0.3305276036262512]
[132.0577850341797]
[0.6022471785545349]
[6.1648993492126465]
[0.7709851264953613]
[30.276601791381836]
[0.7037151455879211]
[1.0845853090286255]
[2.675555467605591]
[2.0590317249298096]
[3.042912244796753]
[1.6482200622558594]
[23.534894943237305]
[9.754611015319824]
[26.89670181274414]
[1.6123367547988892]
[8.5421724319458]
[25.125818252563477]
[1.3716877698898315]
[4.586812973022461]
[4.96967887878418]
[20.480754852294922]
[17.6131534576416]
[552.6346435546875]
[0.5599648952484131]
[9.779550552368164]
[11.449579238891602]
[172.76832580566406]
[2.1310060024261475]
[2.8504507541656494]
[19.517345428466797]
[18.917558670043945]
[36.02892303466797]
[1019.4896850585938]
[2.3133583068847656]
[35.96650695800781]
[1.3978698253631592]
[1.3444921970367432]
[7.738443374633789]
[17.945148468017578]
[10.523664474487305]
[7.533326625823975]
[16.605209350585938]
[0.7050784230232239]
[7.923768997192383]
[6.210512161254883]
[1.379506230354309]
[3.668611764907837]
[0.8019458651542664]
[46.98042297363281]
[1.2542270421981812]
[10.937439918518066]
[6.22833251953125]
[5.942783355712891]
[52.3818244934082]
[5.203738212585449]
[1.1483081579208374]
[12.345531463623047]
[45.63600540161133]
[6.807296276092529]
[65.60363006591797]
[1.4102492332458496]
[165.92822265625]
[0.5463731288909912]
[0.5697530508041382]
[0.41830307245254517]
[0.26674899458885193]
[0.3958781957626343]
[0.18598724901676178]
[1.752927303314209]
[0.604530394077301]
[0.6851599216461182]
[3.0885775089263916]
[1.4805079698562622]
[1.5117307901382446]
[2.2603695392608643]
[8.684126853942871]
[38.53838348388672]
[1.3445008993148804]
[7.469393730163574]
[0.6015266180038452]
[0.6919386982917786]
[1.908370018005371]
[3.529128074645996]
[2.9438838958740234]
[0.8915811777114868]
[19.667505264282227]
[0.5710201859474182]
[15.698833465576172]
[0.22584043443202972]
[0.5764867663383484]
[0.982373058795929]
[1.4148105382919312]
[0.23705902695655823]
[1.2690308094024658]
[0.8197696208953857]
[0.3002984821796417]
[31.802108764648438]
[5.062316417694092]
[28.054912567138672]
[6.464108467102051]
[0.1932094693183899]
[16.591611862182617]
[5.673522472381592]
[3.1446290016174316]
[5.137009143829346]
[0.2708524465560913]
[4.4748053550720215]
[0.11108285933732986]
[6.9809064865112305]
[0.18126453459262848]
[0.4846406877040863]
[0.25164374709129333]
[2.3171324729919434]
[1.357554316520691]
[7.676904201507568]
[0.7527079582214355]
[1.0620819330215454]
[3.6808786392211914]
[1.8423060178756714]
[1.0320712327957153]
[0.6228751540184021]
[1.949485182762146]
[3.9216408729553223]
[9.532225608825684]
[1.132849931716919]
[0.4255887269973755]
[8.300457000732422]
[1.4058830738067627]
[0.8515915870666504]
[62.674373626708984]
[28.404027938842773]
[1.5614339113235474]
[2.181776523590088]
[0.7269099950790405]
[1.354244351387024]
[0.7534560561180115]
[0.8634311556816101]
[0.6881414651870728]
[3.861863136291504]
[0.3780236840248108]
[1.8569766283035278]
[3.169060707092285]
[0.7100429534912109]
[0.8989605903625488]
[7.8450822830200195]
[1.7912914752960205]
[0.5759637951850891]
[4475.8330078125]
[12.985464096069336]
[0.7797797918319702]
[1.3836725950241089]
[0.32801514863967896]
[3578.3642578125]
[0.5233256220817566]
[13.745333671569824]
[13.083837509155273]
[0.8116286396980286]
[4.368864059448242]
[3.0289292335510254]
[0.5161512494087219]
[0.3725067973136902]
[0.435241162776947]
[0.6471236348152161]
[1.8891645669937134]
[0.4403935372829437]
[11.330195426940918]
[1.1939952373504639]
[1.2744882106781006]
[4.993454933166504]
[1.3045356273651123]
[3.837754487991333]
[1.2279446125030518]
[2.5549018383026123]
[2.4880027770996094]
[0.8786553740501404]
[1.3801192045211792]
[0.6548097729682922]
[2.969433069229126]
[0.518723726272583]
[41.23960876464844]
[1.3689332008361816]
[29.896564483642578]
[2.5782339572906494]
[0.8731533885002136]
[0.9453381299972534]
[1.2806440591812134]
[1.4604240655899048]
[2.2627217769622803]
[14.985307693481445]
[1.2730180025100708]
[5.488739013671875]
[2.341569423675537]
[23.68395233154297]
[0.9906023144721985]
[0.590986967086792]
[4.047606468200684]
[1.224116325378418]
[4.858428955078125]
[0.8174633979797363]
[1.7793294191360474]
[2.269305944442749]
[0.364706814289093]
[4.130765438079834]
[0.8692848682403564]
[7.267557144165039]
[0.7439610362052917]
[2.480668067932129]
[1.6923778057098389]
[0.6528798937797546]
[1.5772138833999634]
[0.7231553792953491]
[0.6948714256286621]
[51.58775329589844]
[0.663587212562561]
[2.4601314067840576]
[69.67967987060547]
[169.17555236816406]
[0.39658451080322266]
[3.0782277584075928]
[14.849356651306152]
[1.8844949007034302]
[4.3883442878723145]
[168.60092163085938]
[0.6851192712783813]
[7.267370223999023]
[4.069709300994873]
[1.8544073104858398]
[1.4002352952957153]
[89.9908218383789]
[1.5813000202178955]
[0.28874707221984863]
[5.425928115844727]
[1.1985774040222168]
[0.6464688181877136]
[0.5297784209251404]
[1.6488010883331299]
[1.1014466285705566]
[5.993866443634033]
[3.7870726585388184]
[1.3603672981262207]
[0.5407516956329346]
[7.09957218170166]
[0.3892729878425598]
[0.6571424007415771]
[5.972057342529297]
[0.4950350821018219]
[1.2986030578613281]
[0.810616672039032]
[0.18133074045181274]
[1.463880181312561]
[2.2205910682678223]
[2.320509672164917]
[660.6007690429688]
[0.2970816493034363]
[0.531292200088501]
[1.531450629234314]
[1.4130303859710693]
[0.31652456521987915]
[889.3956298828125]
[0.2019706517457962]
[141.97219848632812]
[1.29542875289917]
[1.0241891145706177]
[2.5937676429748535]
[14.657291412353516]
[10.86341667175293]
[3.1987123489379883]
[2.968607187271118]
[11.081326484680176]
[4.349755764007568]
[0.9165652394294739]
[4.92378044128418]
[1.3265975713729858]
[1.2477786540985107]
[2.192931652069092]
[0.4704016447067261]
[1.1146990060806274]
[2.4845259189605713]
[0.6761417984962463]
[0.8085434436798096]
[364.7589416503906]
[0.3888362944126129]
[1.805870532989502]
[10.374364852905273]
[0.45400771498680115]
[0.6683308482170105]
[2.496295928955078]
[0.6836882829666138]
[0.42283961176872253]
[0.9215582013130188]
[1.8923687934875488]
[3.128317356109619]
[0.5919545888900757]
[0.4789424538612366]
[0.48306816816329956]
[1.7190245389938354]
[0.5028937458992004]
[1.5990042686462402]
[0.47623077034950256]
[0.21604730188846588]
[1.761824607849121]
[32.12767028808594]
[2.5394582748413086]
[1.482649564743042]
[5.753138542175293]
[1.736180305480957]
[28.838937759399414]
[0.9417958855628967]
[0.437485009431839]
[15.413551330566406]
[1.2607272863388062]
[0.6420345902442932]
[8.259791374206543]
[0.4487464427947998]
[2.778269052505493]
[1.7694238424301147]
[720.072509765625]
[2.8342390060424805]
[0.4920613765716553]
[0.3358241617679596]
[0.2217601239681244]
[0.530895471572876]
[0.5060392022132874]
[3.8138811588287354]
[0.31802642345428467]
[148.98361206054688]
[2.649721622467041]
[1.9787285327911377]
[2.713007926940918]
[2.46979022026062]
[1.1973708868026733]
[97.0185775756836]
[0.29890674352645874]
[0.9301652312278748]
[1.0954736471176147]
[8.00471305847168]
[0.9955188632011414]
[0.9206539392471313]
[0.9350683689117432]
[7.4186906814575195]
[1.2537857294082642]
[0.3454449474811554]
[54.08296203613281]
[0.9582944512367249]
[0.3676489293575287]
[2.9335875511169434]
[1.5644080638885498]
[3.2090697288513184]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.1338670253753662]
[1.0935248136520386]
[13.738204002380371]
[0.39594748616218567]
[0.42158421874046326]
[1.0729771852493286]
[44.30375671386719]
[7.721963882446289]
[0.38526102900505066]
[9.16487979888916]
[0.45831069350242615]
[0.36950305104255676]
[2.1442184448242188]
[0.8461737036705017]
[0.13023880124092102]
[0.42013970017433167]
[0.3130725920200348]
[0.32777541875839233]
[1.3605684041976929]
[2.1517302989959717]
[1.2419848442077637]
[1.3769772052764893]
[0.28613317012786865]
[1.455299735069275]
[2.1991941928863525]
[23.17919921875]
[4.068312168121338]
[269.9500732421875]
[4.166345596313477]
[0.37954017519950867]
[0.4718644320964813]
[0.3546811044216156]
[0.9566440582275391]
[7.862492561340332]
[2.006164312362671]
[1.2854018211364746]
[0.41006457805633545]
[6.914661884307861]
[0.45745036005973816]
[0.973177433013916]
[0.1961217075586319]
[55.232059478759766]
[0.5107821822166443]
[0.8757503032684326]
[4.426229953765869]
[0.8389419317245483]
[0.16746744513511658]
[81.9338150024414]
[0.4831482172012329]
[2.1828665733337402]
[0.42831456661224365]
[0.17840604484081268]
[0.9622440934181213]
[0.5643606781959534]
[1.3973981142044067]
[1.2569382190704346]
[0.4068464934825897]
[3.699937105178833]
[0.1890624612569809]
[7.711342811584473]
[4.058862686157227]
[2.523080348968506]
[0.2660689055919647]
[3.1160888671875]
[5.6539411544799805]
[1.630642294883728]
[4.509117603302002]
[1.6913243532180786]
[2.5893540382385254]
[0.7957994937896729]
[0.6625943779945374]
[0.7708958387374878]
[0.5763083696365356]
[2.4453063011169434]
[0.5513600707054138]
[1.0939140319824219]
[13.28860855102539]
[4.768121242523193]
[1.6178799867630005]
[0.5712978839874268]
[4.8475022315979]
[1.0825282335281372]
[1.6792082786560059]
[1.599236249923706]
[72.23371887207031]
[21.346147537231445]
[0.9733998775482178]
[0.18506014347076416]
[1.2176084518432617]
[0.5096486806869507]
[1.5505468845367432]
[0.21985769271850586]
[2.1522982120513916]
[0.4016650319099426]
[1.0947285890579224]
[0.450043261051178]
[1.3031806945800781]
[1.5264250040054321]
[0.999734103679657]
[0.30038967728614807]
[0.9072698354721069]
[0.31184321641921997]
[0.8592215180397034]
[0.3473385274410248]
[0.9041125774383545]
[0.6328909993171692]
[0.47164466977119446]
[0.4269755184650421]
[56.92045593261719]
[2.157073974609375]
[0.7226088047027588]
[1.2343982458114624]
[11.048483848571777]
[127.87493133544922]
[0.21390363574028015]
[0.6529476642608643]
[0.7691061496734619]
[0.36130034923553467]
[0.5692825317382812]
[0.5102880001068115]
[1.438794732093811]
[0.5715411305427551]
[8.040424346923828]
[2.4461419582366943]
[0.48049962520599365]
[1.67922043800354]
[1.3289097547531128]
[1.557890772819519]
[3.4542620182037354]
[0.2767661511898041]
[1.7250213623046875]
[1.6236003637313843]
[0.471686452627182]
[0.735477089881897]
[6.450173377990723]
[1.5743005275726318]
[0.6875362396240234]
[3.9447078704833984]
[1.0518109798431396]
[0.4461835026741028]
[0.10791467875242233]
[1.1688424348831177]
[0.8347820043563843]
[0.20414018630981445]
[0.7781156301498413]
[4.691768646240234]
[0.20159904658794403]
[0.4117473363876343]
[0.534858226776123]
[0.44574251770973206]
[12.92317008972168]
[0.1487407237291336]
[8.086877822875977]
[1.995742917060852]
[0.20591530203819275]
[5.872331142425537]
[0.2620902955532074]
[0.7891016602516174]
[6.0383076667785645]
[3.319465398788452]
[1.0107282400131226]
[0.4425964057445526]
[2.0013697147369385]
[4.581165790557861]
[1.6564637422561646]
[0.9831606149673462]
[0.7143911719322205]
[0.5290784239768982]
[1.9880015850067139]
[0.642794668674469]
[0.269949346780777]
[0.3872497081756592]
[2.4307336807250977]
[0.5319369435310364]
[0.9158841967582703]
[0.5917341709136963]
[3.1298043727874756]
[7.75029182434082]
[3.258915424346924]
[0.29644575715065]
[0.4816571772098541]
[0.7144792675971985]
[0.26476651430130005]
[1.5110148191452026]
[0.8321935534477234]
[1.5273399353027344]
[1.1806886196136475]
[0.6242262721061707]
[1.5881333351135254]
[0.11353997886180878]
[2.8524417877197266]
[0.6058611869812012]
[0.5738441944122314]
[0.5909148454666138]
[0.7764607071876526]
[11.1062650680542]
[0.25581124424934387]
[0.48979508876800537]
[0.6577478647232056]
[0.24952253699302673]
[2.235163927078247]
[9.692535400390625]
[0.4307250678539276]
[0.46242812275886536]
[2.8019635677337646]
[0.3673569858074188]
[0.6114847660064697]
[0.25913894176483154]
[0.447022408246994]
[13.506958961486816]
[0.7822263240814209]
[3.9851081371307373]
[0.40874388813972473]
[0.6076505184173584]
[0.3367253839969635]
[0.7125457525253296]
[1.1638953685760498]
[10.382072448730469]
[54.213897705078125]
[0.3272532522678375]
[0.9314766526222229]
[0.9445062279701233]
[2.1401569843292236]
[0.3868127465248108]
[1.9359941482543945]
[20.96490478515625]
[2.601818561553955]
[2.583387851715088]
[1.338322401046753]
[5.401083946228027]
[0.4280584454536438]
[1.3813793659210205]
[0.14487598836421967]
[6.8599653244018555]
[1.6412273645401]
[1.6036900281906128]
[0.9837137460708618]
[1.886995792388916]
[0.5960386395454407]
[0.30601030588150024]
[2.029561996459961]
[7.756707668304443]
[2.832155704498291]
[4.088871002197266]
[1.4571243524551392]
[1.3096017837524414]
[1.0294063091278076]
[3.279646635055542]
[12.267901420593262]
[0.42169350385665894]
[10.671452522277832]
[1.7104272842407227]
[0.4744111895561218]
[0.6224266290664673]
[6.392163276672363]
[0.630961000919342]
[1.0025430917739868]
[3.5259499549865723]
[9.120631217956543]
[0.7874183058738708]
[0.6073716878890991]
[0.6289533972740173]
[1.4478085041046143]
[0.9132701754570007]
[0.15284079313278198]
[0.3190769851207733]
[0.6006225943565369]
[8.150952339172363]
[0.6897485256195068]
[0.5750720500946045]
[1.3385000228881836]
[1.1832985877990723]
[1.9134702682495117]
[1.4640454053878784]
[8.585928916931152]
[2.197756290435791]
[0.2045738846063614]
[2.6948347091674805]
[21.069690704345703]
[4.27761697769165]
[5.503961086273193]
[1.3833638429641724]
[2.264834403991699]
[61.76787185668945]
[1.05085289478302]
[18.066823959350586]
[0.5034847259521484]
[4.4796462059021]
[0.8151727318763733]
[0.537801206111908]
[9.909394264221191]
[2.6023690700531006]
[1.4469854831695557]
[0.6050931811332703]
[1.0054696798324585]
[12.066780090332031]
[0.607912540435791]
[12.68878173828125]
[1.447861671447754]
[0.525799572467804]
[0.7219139337539673]
[1.132604956626892]
[141.16502380371094]
[5.307800769805908]
[0.2200406789779663]
[2.2775518894195557]
[0.33861514925956726]
[0.8598014116287231]
[0.5665456056594849]
[1.2404485940933228]
[1.5656025409698486]
[13.206533432006836]
[0.22707410156726837]
[0.4678456485271454]
[3.1265485286712646]
[0.21717526018619537]
[0.7358446717262268]
[130.85150146484375]
[0.715425431728363]
[0.3433033227920532]
[0.8110814690589905]
[0.07290338724851608]
[0.6875160932540894]
[2.8106961250305176]
[0.49648526310920715]
[110.12866973876953]
[0.5878103375434875]
[1.5311036109924316]
[1.5367878675460815]
[0.18730324506759644]
[0.0981941968202591]
[0.26687127351760864]
[3.997584581375122]
[1.2921470403671265]
[2.8022947311401367]
[0.5610127449035645]
[2.344083547592163]
[0.7099519371986389]
[0.34255450963974]
[2.3311614990234375]
[1.9997663497924805]
[0.22249983251094818]
[0.26300153136253357]
[0.940426230430603]
[1.473655343055725]
[2.479691743850708]
[45.233062744140625]
[178.4826202392578]
[0.43460726737976074]
[20.617233276367188]
[2.6087746620178223]
[2.3645503520965576]
[0.6215471029281616]
[4.745562553405762]
[1.7546255588531494]
[0.33184391260147095]
[1.4302500486373901]
[2.093369245529175]
[0.9553528428077698]
[0.3793138861656189]
[0.11135894060134888]
[0.4905349314212799]
[1.774227261543274]
[0.5688388347625732]
[1.0157122611999512]
[1.7280346155166626]
[6.634770393371582]
[4.398045063018799]
[0.12049224972724915]
[0.6185881495475769]
[2.3631436824798584]
[0.608492910861969]
[0.3584011197090149]
[0.5538567304611206]
[2.7650704383850098]
[0.2666251063346863]
[1.7181872129440308]
[0.24762149155139923]
[0.19215276837348938]
[0.30349746346473694]
[1.3321014642715454]
[0.35076698660850525]
[0.4404890537261963]
[0.8928871750831604]
[37.262393951416016]
[0.6019601225852966]
[1.1279785633087158]
[0.9182730913162231]
[0.8602957725524902]
[0.4988618791103363]
[0.7331548929214478]
[0.3228330612182617]
[5.315944671630859]
[2.148712396621704]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[107.78018188476562]
[6.79935359954834]
[0.2889154851436615]
[0.6947001814842224]
[0.27679377794265747]
[0.7616914510726929]
[1.002017855644226]
[2.540681838989258]
[0.6412010788917542]
[0.7404575347900391]
[0.12935033440589905]
[0.9726507663726807]
[0.5625109672546387]
[2.568599224090576]
[1.4777934551239014]
[7.551785945892334]
[2.6221132278442383]
[2.6965126991271973]
[0.5967443585395813]
[1.1477776765823364]
[1.9096871614456177]
[0.6785427927970886]
[0.8066837191581726]
[1.0268300771713257]
[2.6309239864349365]
[0.9695951342582703]
[1.7515944242477417]
[0.5932316780090332]
[0.5835870504379272]
[0.48134589195251465]
[1.5153298377990723]
[0.23692037165164948]
[0.5086946487426758]
[0.519598126411438]
[0.41566693782806396]
[0.13595256209373474]
[0.3992842733860016]
[18.44098663330078]
[5.255861282348633]
[0.22745876014232635]
[2.304893732070923]
[0.2026054561138153]
[0.04796527698636055]
[0.5738340020179749]
[1.9876060485839844]
[0.3138423264026642]
[0.5171022415161133]
[1.3005735874176025]
[0.39666667580604553]
[3.687788486480713]
[2.6489181518554688]
[1.7308595180511475]
[0.09908781200647354]
[0.5844141840934753]
[0.46132808923721313]
[0.44462913274765015]
[2.0699503421783447]
[0.588029682636261]
[5.949399948120117]
[0.5346696972846985]
[0.20734216272830963]
[0.3462199866771698]
[7.712363243103027]
[0.5444762110710144]
[0.5244607329368591]
[0.2319968044757843]
[0.7083637118339539]
[0.2698262929916382]
[0.9611813426017761]
[0.7134792804718018]
[0.6748490929603577]
[1.8086658716201782]
[0.3312486410140991]
[0.11710312962532043]
[0.7532922625541687]
[12.979257583618164]
[34.541969299316406]
[0.5449343323707581]
[0.23125602304935455]
[3.359495162963867]
[0.2836228609085083]
[0.4182770550251007]
[0.7277543544769287]
[0.06436511129140854]
[0.7153360247612]
[11.804756164550781]
[0.7433084845542908]
[0.9569886922836304]
[0.46386080980300903]
[0.42933517694473267]
[0.2066192477941513]
[0.4539329409599304]
[0.7110934257507324]
[1.1362072229385376]
[6.310725688934326]
[0.6510200500488281]
[1.1885994672775269]
[0.40827473998069763]
[0.4684803783893585]
[1.6092277765274048]
[0.46657198667526245]
[1.6124414205551147]
[0.24800175428390503]
[7.916611194610596]
[0.24677042663097382]
[1.805504322052002]
[0.6703020334243774]
[3.2101316452026367]
[0.18027082085609436]
[0.514752209186554]
[0.3370819091796875]
[0.11028091609477997]
[2.471148729324341]
[1.357162594795227]
[0.3880881071090698]
[0.41587820649147034]
[0.34056854248046875]
[33.54524230957031]
[0.5603952407836914]
[1.1752432584762573]
[1.5967087745666504]
[0.978600025177002]
[0.17679350078105927]
[1.0498450994491577]
[0.6932790875434875]
[0.7557497620582581]
[1.582491397857666]
[2.1761584281921387]
[4.364713191986084]
[12.255229949951172]
[0.19536779820919037]
[0.7038902044296265]
[0.5699927806854248]
[18.274633407592773]
[60.999820709228516]
[0.2434753179550171]
[18.159770965576172]
[1.5620145797729492]
[1.0907676219940186]
[1.4569324254989624]
[2.2516307830810547]
[0.38195306062698364]
[1.0626685619354248]
[0.6168688535690308]
[0.07801386713981628]
[0.33690422773361206]
[0.5378564596176147]
[0.6352260112762451]
[0.2941760718822479]
[92.54473876953125]
[0.5454748272895813]
[1.332574725151062]
[0.8177953362464905]
[2.0174193382263184]
[0.6748523116111755]
[0.2514456808567047]
[1.055383324623108]
[0.11397839337587357]
[0.2509801685810089]
[0.48021164536476135]
[7.182523727416992]
[0.7066303491592407]
[0.641876220703125]
[0.5107150077819824]
[0.13354454934597015]
[0.9459120035171509]
[2.7656362056732178]
[0.1357673555612564]
[1.0575698614120483]
[21.889490127563477]
[1.3614026308059692]
[0.8637859225273132]
[0.40254533290863037]
[0.6268323063850403]
[2.7397208213806152]
[0.8327797651290894]
[1.1018424034118652]
[0.6634340882301331]
[1.3348784446716309]
[0.9094497561454773]
[0.0326833575963974]
[0.18874309957027435]
[7.9452996253967285]
[0.8557366728782654]
[1.8889594078063965]
[1.4137332439422607]
[1.095597267150879]
[2.067913293838501]
[581.5169067382812]
[7.899717330932617]
[0.33516526222229004]
[1.5546821355819702]
[14.506113052368164]
[0.4972078800201416]
[21.840072631835938]
[0.6406410336494446]
[0.4649295508861542]
[0.5086986422538757]
[0.7540501356124878]
[1.3927667140960693]
[0.639005720615387]
[0.28377971053123474]
[1.9208250045776367]
[0.5680139660835266]
[0.15963557362556458]
[1.3201812505722046]
[18.036815643310547]
[4.31419563293457]
[0.6917866468429565]
[209.11505126953125]
[0.4929603338241577]
[3.5199577808380127]
[1.9563980102539062]
[0.9477874040603638]
[0.1275884211063385]
[4.070164203643799]
[67.60275268554688]
[0.14781837165355682]
[8.389620780944824]
[0.15881600975990295]
[0.9160053133964539]
[1.8814843893051147]
[2.4478070735931396]
[216.91302490234375]
[3.469322443008423]
[1.230770230293274]
[1.1853523254394531]
[1.5583173036575317]
[1.6844650506973267]
[0.7769755721092224]
[0.4186592400074005]
[2.287585735321045]
[0.9481275677680969]
[1.8940608501434326]
[0.32480210065841675]
[0.23339726030826569]
[0.40273502469062805]
[1.52296781539917]
[303.4810485839844]
[2.410593032836914]
[112.47496795654297]
[0.3262958228588104]
[0.4919145703315735]
[16.318387985229492]
[0.5131160616874695]
[1.5530041456222534]
[1.4951505661010742]
[4.739434242248535]
[0.47163188457489014]
[3.270268201828003]
[0.24883168935775757]
[0.9250715374946594]
[0.8693545460700989]
[2.679936408996582]
[42.853981018066406]
[0.7173280119895935]
[10.164913177490234]
[0.5674424171447754]
[4.104076862335205]
[0.40379825234413147]
[0.2630148231983185]
[0.2578466534614563]
[1.3231596946716309]
[1.3888031244277954]
[1.3696268796920776]
[0.6026716828346252]
[0.2993886470794678]
[0.7270458936691284]
[0.5919489860534668]
[0.4247848391532898]
[2.319232225418091]
[1.3021622896194458]
[6.4147467613220215]
[4.687392711639404]
[0.8235232830047607]
[0.42538443207740784]
[1574.408447265625]
[1.3215992450714111]
[7.354633808135986]
[28.29952621459961]
[2.2050063610076904]
[6.231007099151611]
[4.803180694580078]
[0.6811125874519348]
[0.7404211163520813]
[52.92426300048828]
[3.2858176231384277]
[19.35470962524414]
[11.576630592346191]
[6.204052925109863]
[8.880931854248047]
[0.9610597491264343]
[1.6112792491912842]
[51.49928665161133]
[0.7333336472511292]
[50.300540924072266]
[2.1089730262756348]
[4.9016194343566895]
[0.46994492411613464]
[5.998716354370117]
[0.37620803713798523]
[14.071228981018066]
[0.4054158329963684]
[9.83941650390625]
[0.25572681427001953]
[4.405759334564209]
[0.5368595123291016]
[9.263535499572754]
[3.369319200515747]
[56.926029205322266]
[4.238447189331055]
[132.88035583496094]
[6.604881763458252]
[7.040645122528076]
[69.51710510253906]
[0.7705642580986023]
[1.4601587057113647]
[1.18622624874115]
[1.3204008340835571]
[0.5142614841461182]
[2.023704767227173]
[106.0524673461914]
[8950.587890625]
[0.8463000655174255]
[7.705432891845703]
[1.6613410711288452]
[115.02159118652344]
[3.5304176807403564]
[8.830730438232422]
[4.243517875671387]
[7.33162784576416]
[7.166226863861084]
[6.571221828460693]
[7.930536270141602]
[1.4031338691711426]
[1.7332549095153809]
[33.308834075927734]
[4.0837602615356445]
[20.52450942993164]
[7.993997573852539]
[11.112805366516113]
[32.59239959716797]
[3.8127787113189697]
[17.601852416992188]
[0.9437182545661926]
[1.4216759204864502]
[26.101362228393555]
[11.756916046142578]
[11.660513877868652]
[1.058887004852295]
[5.9217047691345215]
[7.816300868988037]
[26.207773208618164]
[2.4917943477630615]
[1.4905192852020264]
[1534.04541015625]
[3.869321584701538]
[61.12083053588867]
[0.8054121136665344]
[1.1979135274887085]
[0.7603152990341187]
[37.093475341796875]
[1.5288668870925903]
[41.119266510009766]
[0.9578614234924316]
[2.4057812690734863]
[7.178265571594238]
[5.1807098388671875]
[3.3918838500976562]
[8.474802017211914]
[12.999777793884277]
[1.2880356311798096]
[5.563370227813721]
[7.7717084884643555]
[15.567878723144531]
[2.7724602222442627]
[1.0958364009857178]
[3294.396484375]
[5.266939163208008]
[12.100881576538086]
[6.620733261108398]
[0.6600502729415894]
[2.1667892932891846]
[2.1288962364196777]
[2.1173202991485596]
[0.4866827428340912]
[1.4873791933059692]
[3.016827344894409]
[0.917250394821167]
[12.035578727722168]
[0.7489956021308899]
[14.74488639831543]
[1.8789139986038208]
[1.010669231414795]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.2778573036193848]
[5.541234970092773]
[17.67517852783203]
[9.809762954711914]
[0.3523133397102356]
[4.827324390411377]
[0.979763925075531]
[2.4210541248321533]
[3.265948534011841]
[0.4564095735549927]
[0.8224061727523804]
[2.8009676933288574]
[0.89512038230896]
[2.6883273124694824]
[0.7066615223884583]
[1993.1697998046875]
[2.003471612930298]
[7.058467864990234]
[0.8747841119766235]
[6.663614273071289]
[0.9369782209396362]
[3.9111053943634033]
[4.51430082321167]
[2.5980749130249023]
[0.3608033359050751]
[0.2214447557926178]
[38.30047607421875]
[14.726618766784668]
[0.270701140165329]
[7.259353160858154]
[0.6112993359565735]
[5.437982082366943]
[100.91181945800781]
[2.1695775985717773]
[0.27868926525115967]
[7.265758514404297]
[1.45098876953125]
[2.8843166828155518]
[2.816566228866577]
[0.9161908626556396]
[0.3090348541736603]
[2.80126953125]
[0.22363780438899994]
[2.9091522693634033]
[1.1389424800872803]
[0.7514650821685791]
[0.3311797082424164]
[7.286540985107422]
[1.2048157453536987]
[9.89925479888916]
[0.3720870614051819]
[0.35394707322120667]
[16.097110748291016]
[11.209866523742676]
[4.832823753356934]
[1.7553764581680298]
[0.5480558276176453]
[7.266630172729492]
[2.2941083908081055]
[235.54185485839844]
[6.561483860015869]
[0.30389487743377686]
[0.45539870858192444]
[9.805388450622559]
[1.6733648777008057]
[27.812393188476562]
[0.10866368561983109]
[1.5672816038131714]
[0.5422164797782898]
[3.455707311630249]
[2.8041555881500244]
[0.4062176048755646]
[0.8461551666259766]
[1.561552882194519]
[102.62289428710938]
[0.3074924349784851]
[2.7516846656799316]
[9.910737037658691]
[1.1299327611923218]
[0.48768559098243713]
[0.4097844362258911]
[0.4994194507598877]
[2.7585971355438232]
[1.8807318210601807]
[0.7181148529052734]
[1.2154544591903687]
[1.8193042278289795]
[0.6541687846183777]
[4.6951375007629395]
[0.41195353865623474]
[0.9546590447425842]
[6.351150035858154]
[5666.0]
[0.8488998413085938]
[0.6242280006408691]
[7.607519149780273]
[28.418102264404297]
[0.7943680286407471]
[22.467243194580078]
[8.358733177185059]
[0.40787583589553833]
[0.355994313955307]
[18.13412857055664]
[94.48846435546875]
[6.482058525085449]
[2.1461021900177]
[10.472233772277832]
[0.7305552959442139]
[83.65715789794922]
[2.9104535579681396]
[0.3817709684371948]
[4.526198863983154]
[8.564828872680664]
[2.217102289199829]
[1.679917812347412]
[0.2756425142288208]
[2.4141111373901367]
[32.453311920166016]
[1.1243854761123657]
[1.5912346839904785]
[9.617839813232422]
[1.8337609767913818]
[0.30905574560165405]
[3.6563405990600586]
[5.818109512329102]
[0.8817304968833923]
[67.12023162841797]
[0.27174434065818787]
[0.36565926671028137]
[3.301586389541626]
[54.78041458129883]
[9.967328071594238]
[7.955226898193359]
[0.9426959753036499]
[5.340545177459717]
[3.526623010635376]
[1.3477880954742432]
[5.762465000152588]
[0.2156689614057541]
[14.789717674255371]
[6.280908107757568]
[2.0181243419647217]
[4.173084259033203]
[2.545464515686035]
[2.09244441986084]
[23.276443481445312]
[0.16335734724998474]
[1.7008299827575684]
[97.70654296875]
[452.6566467285156]
[0.24086196720600128]
[3.2556962966918945]
[1.1462596654891968]
[17.778345108032227]
[1.5720149278640747]
[4.0220112800598145]
[1.4009559154510498]
[0.8535875678062439]
[5.624845027923584]
[3.053262233734131]
[0.42015987634658813]
[1.3379179239273071]
[0.3286406993865967]
[0.13636179268360138]
[4.078274726867676]
[2.4141592979431152]
[56.687259674072266]
[0.5359076857566833]
[4.415221214294434]
[2.226358413696289]
[0.7452213764190674]
[12.494980812072754]
[4.407001972198486]
[2.503812313079834]
[2.4298717975616455]
[0.8150174021720886]
[0.39323562383651733]
[9.765746116638184]
[2.1841633319854736]
[0.918608546257019]
[4.37717866897583]
[9.16602611541748]
[1.3335322141647339]
[109.31981658935547]
[0.40849190950393677]
[0.8610970973968506]
[1.3476474285125732]
[0.8222387433052063]
[2.6360831260681152]
[1.3544533252716064]
[1.385452389717102]
[3.7367029190063477]
[0.8541129231452942]
[0.4152388870716095]
[1.4967427253723145]
[0.052457138895988464]
[1.131604790687561]
[1.0877866744995117]
[0.567145824432373]
[0.5742857456207275]
[1.6718047857284546]
[1.5966463088989258]
[0.6603919863700867]
[5.565810680389404]
[0.6502363681793213]
[2.4084699153900146]
[0.19376912713050842]
[0.6754131317138672]
[0.17322561144828796]
[0.2815345823764801]
[0.2841256856918335]
[0.44501861929893494]
[0.6630496382713318]
[4.800925254821777]
[2.3317055702209473]
[0.6491338610649109]
[4.026917934417725]
[0.8513878583908081]
[1.3844724893569946]
[3.213475227355957]
[8.688457489013672]
[1.526655673980713]
[0.2775692045688629]
[2.0711755752563477]
[0.6652247905731201]
[0.5778833627700806]
[1.0395541191101074]
[0.3006330132484436]
[0.8786400556564331]
[2.3081793785095215]
[0.1873338371515274]
[2.114743232727051]
[0.22096672654151917]
[0.2724331021308899]
[1.1285408735275269]
[2.3242101669311523]
[0.2958856225013733]
[3.876263380050659]
[3.23347806930542]
[0.7985314130783081]
[3.407658338546753]
[1.559031367301941]
[1.7564935684204102]
[3.1476876735687256]
[0.5739050507545471]
[0.4666471779346466]
[3.9820141792297363]
[5.250678062438965]
[1.6626536846160889]
[2.304202079772949]
[2.7749624252319336]
[0.4437897205352783]
[0.920274019241333]
[0.2503630518913269]
[2.429426431655884]
[2.280910015106201]
[1.8034220933914185]
[0.5389593243598938]
[3.4157493114471436]
[0.6104592680931091]
[1.5130598545074463]
[7.460750102996826]
[4.40081787109375]
[289.84765625]
[0.04492105916142464]
[0.5283408164978027]
[0.7565704584121704]
[0.8651859164237976]
[0.4421879053115845]
[0.2763446867465973]
[1.496341586112976]
[1.2942065000534058]
[0.5219380259513855]
[0.29682162404060364]
[4.884954452514648]
[1.7753912210464478]
[2.234802722930908]
[3.4987637996673584]
[9230.9072265625]
[6.012713432312012]
[0.11994125694036484]
[0.735923707485199]
[1.1805061101913452]
[6.676491737365723]
[2.1147148609161377]
[1.2304677963256836]
[2.165018081665039]
[2527.979736328125]
[0.9465885758399963]
[4.253171443939209]
[7.185504913330078]
[33.416927337646484]
[3.537203073501587]
[1.9706861972808838]
[91.64977264404297]
[1.5548884868621826]
[0.7721968293190002]
[182.3855438232422]
[18.942232131958008]
[14.583126068115234]
[2.851316213607788]
[19.948022842407227]
[11.383488655090332]
[17.62958335876465]
[229.61720275878906]
[4.686594486236572]
[58.75065612792969]
[489.46319580078125]
[11.992685317993164]
[2679.222412109375]
[5.562286376953125]
[1.5618466138839722]
[18.89876365661621]
[52.707454681396484]
[2.28902006149292]
[31.79428482055664]
[5.914283275604248]
[1.141008973121643]
[10.629246711730957]
[14.892193794250488]
[61.7485466003418]
[1.4304965734481812]
[0.9180046319961548]
[23.809120178222656]
[1.6094787120819092]
[1.8275885581970215]
[11.213268280029297]
[0.6781774759292603]
[0.33216172456741333]
[1.8316051959991455]
[8.591492652893066]
[0.4902307391166687]
[0.8927373290061951]
[1.61016845703125]
[1.8245326280593872]
[0.9733440279960632]
[5.202793598175049]
[2.9587759971618652]
[4.045312404632568]
[1.2000908851623535]
[0.8594043254852295]
[0.44441521167755127]
[1.5338588953018188]
[0.4718899428844452]
[3.8244683742523193]
[1.1010503768920898]
[617.6266479492188]
[3.2515647411346436]
[5.720184803009033]
[4.519542694091797]
[1.1068644523620605]
[0.4549171030521393]
[3.920449733734131]
[4.634270668029785]
[0.3933829069137573]
[0.760048508644104]
[2.5923328399658203]
[1.8079612255096436]
[5.251152992248535]
[1.749674677848816]
[1.044631004333496]
[1.0566625595092773]
[813.6790771484375]
[0.9638165831565857]
[0.5778785347938538]
[0.8966495990753174]
[0.13349410891532898]
[0.4189329147338867]
[1.8837047815322876]
[4.822235107421875]
[2.127497434616089]
[8.613450050354004]
[2.837794542312622]
[4.156130313873291]
[1.361960768699646]
[3.531776189804077]
[1.016169786453247]
[10.336007118225098]
[0.6622632741928101]
[2.6045730113983154]
[1.8066444396972656]
[8.517727851867676]
[1.2580902576446533]
[1.167412519454956]
[1.9289661645889282]
[0.518002986907959]
[102.27294921875]
[1.953230857849121]
[0.18780213594436646]
[4.001496315002441]
[4.738269329071045]
[0.7589975595474243]
[6.20622444152832]
[0.6104516983032227]
[0.47297418117523193]
[0.6151818037033081]
[0.2741850018501282]
[0.22923021018505096]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.29149216413497925]
[0.7221047878265381]
[0.6772440075874329]
[2.9951415061950684]
[1.8869948387145996]
[7.910613536834717]
[0.3716358542442322]
[0.6840073466300964]
[0.3296251595020294]
[6.566247463226318]
[0.8192960619926453]
[1.694948434829712]
[0.7602288722991943]
[212.29696655273438]
[1.4880006313323975]
[0.9959191679954529]
[1.0067108869552612]
[0.8873608112335205]
[1.235092043876648]
[0.2750723958015442]
[0.6753128170967102]
[6.124113082885742]
[0.8078334331512451]
[2595.301513671875]
[1.5629299879074097]
[0.9854360222816467]
[0.5421103835105896]
[0.28089404106140137]
[0.5912455916404724]
[1.3200191259384155]
[0.6325900554656982]
[2.167722702026367]
[2.105733633041382]
[24.284400939941406]
[8.427826881408691]
[14.145830154418945]
[263.1133728027344]
[35.049842834472656]
[15.486215591430664]
[1.046270489692688]
[24.147539138793945]
[0.4451397657394409]
[3.4976067543029785]
[0.27575090527534485]
[32.05803298950195]
[2.1779732704162598]
[41.594879150390625]
[3.4183084964752197]
[1.5418789386749268]
[0.7108566164970398]
[2.79068660736084]
[0.6327730417251587]
[2.675649642944336]
[0.28004294633865356]
[1.1572275161743164]
[12.144237518310547]
[0.6970258951187134]
[34.06367492675781]
[12.554276466369629]
[7.14919376373291]
[0.42547929286956787]
[284.8290100097656]
[5.4369330406188965]
[1.5606318712234497]
[0.22014711797237396]
[10.868378639221191]
[16.821189880371094]
[6.615250110626221]
[0.889950692653656]
[3264.600830078125]
[0.7699187397956848]
[11.7125883102417]
[2.8302063941955566]
[0.7918388247489929]
[8.695239067077637]
[1.9137436151504517]
[3.092245578765869]
[6.903875350952148]
[5.318476676940918]
[2.4956541061401367]
[2.3313796520233154]
[4.307495594024658]
[18.516565322875977]
[18.75166130065918]
[3.1834633350372314]
[7.244447708129883]
[5.642734527587891]
[9.116957664489746]
[4.847649574279785]
[8.101991653442383]
[2.5422637462615967]
[19.758140563964844]
[6.462832450866699]
[9924.1572265625]
[1.9575848579406738]
[4.684723377227783]
[0.9965660572052002]
[0.9319686889648438]
[1.978574514389038]
[2.578256845474243]
[0.48467957973480225]
[1.1154370307922363]
[0.6654345989227295]
[1.6629858016967773]
[7.670291900634766]
[1.3614977598190308]
[1.4541934728622437]
[5.430545806884766]
[1.3072612285614014]
[0.5039907693862915]
[0.7634351849555969]
[4.646462440490723]
[2.3831069469451904]
[3.878178119659424]
[0.583598256111145]
[0.8032166957855225]
[0.9417331218719482]
[0.6737779378890991]
[1.1736468076705933]
[2.9504361152648926]
[0.8324630260467529]
[123.16231536865234]
[0.7199898362159729]
[21.605642318725586]
[1.9851174354553223]
[0.37188732624053955]
[0.5591261386871338]
[0.9529099464416504]
[0.8484309315681458]
[0.6407663822174072]
[1.57598078250885]
[0.6235724687576294]
[0.37604770064353943]
[1.3671377897262573]
[72.35568237304688]
[0.5069583654403687]
[0.9031750559806824]
[2.6709330081939697]
[0.31999117136001587]
[0.24203312397003174]
[2.4980201721191406]
[4761.4248046875]
[0.16372932493686676]
[386.92156982421875]
[57.876487731933594]
[1.2858340740203857]
[0.9793529510498047]
[8.171497344970703]
[31.54269790649414]
[0.4651162624359131]
[2.950531244277954]
[0.6952467560768127]
[0.5475138425827026]
[5.998053073883057]
[6.166717529296875]
[0.9753917455673218]
[6.359785556793213]
[0.5433506965637207]
[0.5141008496284485]
[1.5753843784332275]
[14.03448486328125]
[1.8724342584609985]
[9.468083381652832]
[0.40322721004486084]
[2.649765729904175]
[9.720608711242676]
[6.0766215324401855]
[0.3346373736858368]
[5.087054252624512]
[13.558745384216309]
[48.25360870361328]
[1.0132137537002563]
[5.233153820037842]
[1.1564226150512695]
[1.1611541509628296]
[1.1373567581176758]
[0.6285266876220703]
[73.3628921508789]
[0.6222754120826721]
[48.873863220214844]
[5.117465496063232]
[1.3422393798828125]
[27.27027130126953]
[19.594648361206055]
[4.131138324737549]
[0.3249910771846771]
[8.870821952819824]
[16.21686553955078]
[0.3988637626171112]
[0.5765942335128784]
[6.085834980010986]
[6.204082489013672]
[4.343389987945557]
[0.3673032522201538]
[7.466732978820801]
[31.793031692504883]
[1.5338799953460693]
[4.688844203948975]
[1.8213495016098022]
[0.2779427468776703]
[0.211513951420784]
[13.039037704467773]
[3.167478084564209]
[15.857547760009766]
[0.3418152332305908]
[1.5569067001342773]
[0.9642195105552673]
[4.690998077392578]
[12.530152320861816]
[0.9878172278404236]
[1.0333850383758545]
[0.2494901865720749]
[4.533716678619385]
[0.39153897762298584]
[1.2645845413208008]
[31.029216766357422]
[2.7406837940216064]
[0.45921799540519714]
[0.1797800064086914]
[31.05703353881836]
[1205.265380859375]
[3.0812530517578125]
[0.406034380197525]
[6.600653648376465]
[3.9495699405670166]
[0.3750115931034088]
[0.28738439083099365]
[1.3576360940933228]
[3.8831448554992676]
[0.6834053993225098]
[2.0971105098724365]
[538.1709594726562]
[0.7935487627983093]
[1.6984025239944458]
[2.735426902770996]
[5.815893650054932]
[1.4148272275924683]
[155.31289672851562]
[1.2182332277297974]
[0.5198115706443787]
[2.024303436279297]
[2.614752769470215]
[4.236303329467773]
[0.5944816470146179]
[3.687947988510132]
[0.1860966831445694]
[1.1943351030349731]
[4.11602783203125]
[1.6656994819641113]
[33.548797607421875]
[1.373626708984375]
[1.0023770332336426]
[0.7248393893241882]
[5.535424709320068]
[0.6431934833526611]
[0.5095444321632385]
[0.23266534507274628]
[10.288073539733887]
[1.3329014778137207]
[0.3789949119091034]
[8.466256141662598]
[8.166014671325684]
[0.5358796119689941]
[0.9137793183326721]
[6.0698394775390625]
[2.7622270584106445]
[9.54325008392334]
[2.7715342044830322]
[1.2709357738494873]
[0.6763715147972107]
[133.10853576660156]
[4.345139026641846]
[1.0263475179672241]
[2.00032114982605]
[0.6084126830101013]
[2.1715211868286133]
[2.092674493789673]
[1.48533034324646]
[1.2873709201812744]
[1.504733920097351]
[2.5500948429107666]
[4.165401458740234]
[5.138921737670898]
[5.360522270202637]
[0.7024563550949097]
[0.3773059844970703]
[2.1722939014434814]
[3.4752471446990967]
[4.202234268188477]
[2.5128891468048096]
[1.6342566013336182]
[0.7331406474113464]
[0.9169619083404541]
[2.99094820022583]
[0.5273070335388184]
[1409.3790283203125]
[0.693635880947113]
[1.2063544988632202]
[0.9765496850013733]
[0.8495619893074036]
[11.600482940673828]
[3.3013992309570312]
[650.0480346679688]
[0.6707638502120972]
[0.956461489200592]
[1.0188281536102295]
[341.7637939453125]
[5.142207622528076]
[12.156841278076172]
[3.0886306762695312]
[0.4381587505340576]
[2.6874048709869385]
[0.7698372006416321]
[1.671628713607788]
[1693.0491943359375]
[1.2087422609329224]
[0.691921055316925]
[3.4260759353637695]
[4.643326282501221]
[1.9271034002304077]
[20.412761688232422]
[0.662550151348114]
[0.749451756477356]
[1.03083074092865]
[1.339187502861023]
[4.057818412780762]
[0.8422718048095703]
[1.81208074092865]
[5.141843795776367]
[0.9508768320083618]
[1.135156512260437]
[1.8512877225875854]
[1.4791010618209839]
[1.5811641216278076]
[2.876426935195923]
[1.2561602592468262]
[1.7584435939788818]
[0.20926889777183533]
[0.5076561570167542]
[0.7151331901550293]
[1.8664625883102417]
[2.4997174739837646]
[1.1590019464492798]
[1.0494998693466187]
[1.2901867628097534]
[0.2695498466491699]
[0.4206264615058899]
[0.7768387794494629]
[3.077302932739258]
[2.9665603637695312]
[1.317857265472412]
[1.0657789707183838]
[34.99324417114258]
[1068.390625]
[1.3658868074417114]
[1.9573030471801758]
[0.4423021972179413]
[1.084228277206421]
[0.18609987199306488]
[1.0660055875778198]
[0.18473321199417114]
[1.1407077312469482]
[0.8440954089164734]
[0.18619456887245178]
[20.1914005279541]
[0.7349210977554321]
[2.208991765975952]
[2.3182990550994873]
[0.860592246055603]
[0.7219796180725098]
[2.877030611038208]
[0.5990316271781921]
[1.3179458379745483]
[0.26617029309272766]
[474.0609130859375]
[166.8526153564453]
[3.622570753097534]
[12.621342658996582]
[0.47419238090515137]
[3.474245548248291]
[17.184843063354492]
[2.4332003593444824]
[0.975389301776886]
[7.304981231689453]
[0.6400558352470398]
[1.6435095071792603]
[0.4152636229991913]
[1.1514453887939453]
[1.079740047454834]
[0.8821857571601868]
[0.9220693707466125]
[0.5345041751861572]
[2.2993767261505127]
[1.0071810483932495]
[0.08443444222211838]
[1.6393790245056152]
[4.715375900268555]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.9035946130752563]
[113.47977447509766]
[3.384185791015625]
[30.762065887451172]
[0.6294642090797424]
[3.50618839263916]
[4.99935245513916]
[2.3099827766418457]
[3.5333335399627686]
[0.41864079236984253]
[7.978334903717041]
[1.0520020723342896]
[2.709439277648926]
[1.297974705696106]
[25.464750289916992]
[0.43404385447502136]
[0.4337822198867798]
[0.6756651401519775]
[4.747828960418701]
[1.936103105545044]
[0.915444552898407]
[0.763385534286499]
[1.7383906841278076]
[0.7625449299812317]
[0.3177528381347656]
[0.22309915721416473]
[5.003478527069092]
[4.25532341003418]
[0.17202463746070862]
[3.52204966545105]
[0.5318639278411865]
[0.5959204435348511]
[0.6162933111190796]
[1.2799232006072998]
[0.7688109874725342]
[0.12356103211641312]
[172.94798278808594]
[0.3421873152256012]
[1.6486175060272217]
[3.1999268531799316]
[224.62362670898438]
[0.7228093147277832]
[1.544346570968628]
[3.936424970626831]
[7.620879650115967]
[0.5097453594207764]
[1.3382771015167236]
[2.7961809635162354]
[2.9162237644195557]
[1.1640533208847046]
[0.8663696050643921]
[167.15296936035156]
[549.0861206054688]
[0.9673820734024048]
[1.1786394119262695]
[0.11037493497133255]
[0.32107529044151306]
[1.2710201740264893]
[1.1776585578918457]
[0.14052920043468475]
[1.8961212635040283]
[0.6836171746253967]
[2.524543285369873]
[1.0475475788116455]
[1.6924290657043457]
[16.183008193969727]
[8.298662185668945]
[0.2881610095500946]
[4.3249030113220215]
[1.5469082593917847]
[0.33414027094841003]
[1.2774584293365479]
[1.0126007795333862]
[0.16047118604183197]
[0.2743707597255707]
[2064.65234375]
[0.15554359555244446]
[2.9112746715545654]
[2.0791757106781006]
[1.0218526124954224]
[0.9466549158096313]
[0.5985506176948547]
[3.0035245418548584]
[5.180956840515137]
[9.781137466430664]
[0.3740699887275696]
[1.1112865209579468]
[0.40584880113601685]
[0.48862868547439575]
[0.6167188882827759]
[7.025338172912598]
[22.356433868408203]
[4.653503894805908]
[0.20832987129688263]
[9.89602279663086]
[0.12985984981060028]
[1.8581290245056152]
[7.548985004425049]
[1.2594503164291382]
[1.0257093906402588]
[1.497717022895813]
[2.838977098464966]
[3.3287060260772705]
[1.6739048957824707]
[1.4852845668792725]
[3.6332826614379883]
[68.53666687011719]
[3.0597362518310547]
[3.535151958465576]
[0.18119533360004425]
[0.8338243365287781]
[367.13250732421875]
[4.722659111022949]
[0.24594315886497498]
[0.9323073029518127]
[0.31232061982154846]
[4.007030487060547]
[0.46349743008613586]
[0.44121184945106506]
[0.773881196975708]
[5.738368511199951]
[3.611654043197632]
[0.11276840418577194]
[21.425125122070312]
[4.2680439949035645]
[40.09380340576172]
[4.060561180114746]
[1.3837488889694214]
[1.130671501159668]
[0.609351396560669]
[14.203363418579102]
[0.6513445973396301]
[0.32194042205810547]
[22.121183395385742]
[2.831134557723999]
[2.4997284412384033]
[0.6624916791915894]
[1.5552781820297241]
[0.5164059996604919]
[2.4047396183013916]
[11.234521865844727]
[0.3888804614543915]
[0.590800404548645]
[0.2428823709487915]
[7.906876087188721]
[3.704820156097412]
[0.8015689253807068]
[27.328210830688477]
[20.527589797973633]
[4.861795425415039]
[4.854490280151367]
[1.2418344020843506]
[1.0204662084579468]
[1.5599913597106934]
[213.52304077148438]
[0.42536813020706177]
[0.5550235509872437]
[4.841274261474609]
[17.782215118408203]
[0.5899861454963684]
[0.6948158144950867]
[551.0117797851562]
[23.544147491455078]
[14.337486267089844]
[1.1794253587722778]
[0.08841624110937119]
[1.0294547080993652]
[1.4821374416351318]
[2.880053758621216]
[3.1947131156921387]
[0.8669959306716919]
[0.8896642327308655]
[4.920228004455566]
[1.0366005897521973]
[0.5924800038337708]
[14.956989288330078]
[0.6714520454406738]
[0.6204574108123779]
[0.6192004680633545]
[0.18292617797851562]
[3.3761491775512695]
[8.89195728302002]
[2.7028276920318604]
[2.9488906860351562]
[0.5801199078559875]
[2.038980722427368]
[23.242361068725586]
[1.0974836349487305]
[2.035161256790161]
[27.615150451660156]
[4.464066028594971]
[2.6051852703094482]
[0.5825753211975098]
[0.17133073508739471]
[2.3687796592712402]
[3.2060515880584717]
[3.401994228363037]
[0.5181659460067749]
[0.8848016858100891]
[1307.20751953125]
[1.9068708419799805]
[1.4955363273620605]
[1.3634566068649292]
[0.7339379191398621]
[0.4977706968784332]
[4.623088359832764]
[1.037193775177002]
[0.7660863995552063]
[0.07705417275428772]
[1.1546434164047241]
[1.2447947263717651]
[29.715089797973633]
[0.877810001373291]
[2.7746615409851074]
[1.3661088943481445]
[315.286865234375]
[1.985005497932434]
[37.58554458618164]
[1.2751692533493042]
[9.797453880310059]
[0.21432016789913177]
[19.013038635253906]
[16.025304794311523]
[4.154024124145508]
[0.6007062196731567]
[4.225372791290283]
[2.8594913482666016]
[3.6212680339813232]
[2.5540730953216553]
[4.1663618087768555]
[2.4458298683166504]
[8.081977844238281]
[3.6883230209350586]
[0.5430910587310791]
[6.040981292724609]
[2.8494157791137695]
[2.4439854621887207]
[0.12160733342170715]
[3.521975517272949]
[4.79589319229126]
[518.1810302734375]
[0.17313119769096375]
[3.3742361068725586]
[4.521727085113525]
[0.08435409516096115]
[0.14048463106155396]
[0.4696674048900604]
[6.537528038024902]
[509.04351806640625]
[14.623412132263184]
[2.957101821899414]
[1.609825611114502]
[0.05209774523973465]
[0.6249642372131348]
[1.8162540197372437]
[2.2902793884277344]
[1.0351909399032593]
[1.7319642305374146]
[0.8754973411560059]
[0.8730632066726685]
[0.28916242718696594]
[3.2121715545654297]
[0.7041416168212891]
[0.7540529370307922]
[5.879422187805176]
[2.1020777225494385]
[0.06524067372083664]
[0.13197723031044006]
[0.998710572719574]
[1.155007243156433]
[1.777786374092102]
[920.2559204101562]
[0.9215142130851746]
[0.7421542406082153]
[1.7758057117462158]
[1.5623712539672852]
[0.7272626757621765]
[26.32068634033203]
[2.781071424484253]
[0.12559816241264343]
[0.7437509894371033]
[0.983166515827179]
[0.9113733768463135]
[7.815044403076172]
[1.3546873331069946]
[1.2377146482467651]
[0.8322660326957703]
[6.619143009185791]
[0.5597313642501831]
[0.9784994721412659]
[7.205766201019287]
[8.393948554992676]
[1.6697405576705933]
[1.4488416910171509]
[0.9908275604248047]
[0.1297374963760376]
[0.3286457061767578]
[0.36551204323768616]
[0.8138386011123657]
[1.6035864353179932]
[10.63098430633545]
[0.11506900191307068]
[4.6848626136779785]
[0.07902003824710846]
[0.3051651120185852]
[1.1085138320922852]
[2.277777910232544]
[0.048132557421922684]
[0.06990005820989609]
[1.0234891176223755]
[0.11931290477514267]
[2.416996955871582]
[3.953434705734253]
[0.7852573394775391]
[1.374475359916687]
[7.554042339324951]
[14.299382209777832]
[3.559471845626831]
[6.955427169799805]
[4.237892150878906]
[0.12779802083969116]
[0.6356800198554993]
[0.6128292083740234]
[2.103663206100464]
[0.8550426959991455]
[0.20136600732803345]
[0.8966007828712463]
[0.5139843225479126]
[27.624839782714844]
[1.0350842475891113]
[0.168858602643013]
[0.7556192278862]
[0.6864843964576721]
[2.1459598541259766]
[0.859050452709198]
[0.18621669709682465]
[0.506690263748169]
[0.5654944777488708]
[0.08464356511831284]
[2.036953926086426]
[0.25375834107398987]
[11.63146686553955]
[0.5755262970924377]
[0.5987032055854797]
[12.345991134643555]
[0.17631378769874573]
[0.17118842899799347]
[0.11975063383579254]
[0.699176549911499]
[0.7530637383460999]
[694.2793579101562]
[0.43585583567619324]
[3.1177380084991455]
[31.67646026611328]
[1.3934199810028076]
[0.6920255422592163]
[12.7948579788208]
[0.1474432498216629]
[0.2758871018886566]
[1.964367389678955]
[0.1274821162223816]
[2.0759832859039307]
[0.12576881051063538]
[1.7130666971206665]
[3.2415707111358643]
[6.067446231842041]
[1.3306504487991333]
[6.412582874298096]
[2.6991372108459473]
[2.043623924255371]
[0.7621825337409973]
[30.552417755126953]
[299.5917663574219]
[0.8127871155738831]
[1.3144197463989258]
[0.737989068031311]
[0.5324785709381104]
[0.06674840301275253]
[1.2922463417053223]
[0.8412949442863464]
[0.30663546919822693]
[0.8781669735908508]
[231.6990966796875]
[1.0220986604690552]
[1.173770785331726]
[0.06447629630565643]
[2.051736831665039]
[194.0798797607422]
[1.2446882724761963]
[0.6578396558761597]
[2.3297781944274902]
[2.7885026931762695]
[0.37695732712745667]
[1.268977403640747]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[8.390853881835938]
[5.112005710601807]
[1.6325291395187378]
[2.034257411956787]
[1.1334459781646729]
[0.9494540691375732]
[77.88420104980469]
[0.07246313989162445]
[1.1665880680084229]
[2.31310772895813]
[0.616126298904419]
[7.673926830291748]
[1.3057026863098145]
[0.11417137086391449]
[1.8224594593048096]
[0.5019411444664001]
[24.12464141845703]
[4.377463340759277]
[1.465731143951416]
[1.0874985456466675]
[0.23457807302474976]
[15.521561622619629]
[1.2481591701507568]
[0.5184163451194763]
[65.19495391845703]
[3.5724217891693115]
[0.7104363441467285]
[0.3195655941963196]
[0.26760998368263245]
[0.40528246760368347]
[1.383454442024231]
[4.051494598388672]
[0.13908058404922485]
[1.697510838508606]
[2.1246492862701416]
[0.6473627686500549]
[1.1604132652282715]
[11.663260459899902]
[0.6836336255073547]
[0.11062527447938919]
[7.3274078369140625]
[2.3808581829071045]
[13.974325180053711]
[0.10394705832004547]
[2.1056511402130127]
[6.010693550109863]
[5.077163219451904]
[5.068649768829346]
[3.8222644329071045]
[0.7166213393211365]
[1.241841197013855]
[0.07036755234003067]
[0.9233707189559937]
[60.6819953918457]
[0.10826481133699417]
[0.3124470114707947]
[1.3831974267959595]
[0.4182601571083069]
[39.6053581237793]
[1.0288077592849731]
[0.5981370806694031]
[1.4017252922058105]
[1.3158938884735107]
[21.636228561401367]
[6.672980308532715]
[1.3264095783233643]
[1.7467620372772217]
[0.2692388594150543]
[0.9475694298744202]
[0.5038965344429016]
[0.8578928112983704]
[0.6207162141799927]
[0.3401276469230652]
[3.485959768295288]
[0.42064952850341797]
[0.14559100568294525]
[92.44158172607422]
[0.6918163299560547]
[5.4602437019348145]
[6.918865203857422]
[2.2961995601654053]
[1.064171552658081]
[0.7908022999763489]
[1.3526358604431152]
[0.24099740386009216]
[3.6344568729400635]
[1.4196391105651855]
[1.1163750886917114]
[0.5749155282974243]
[11.972225189208984]
[2.254272222518921]
[0.0890389084815979]
[3.2266271114349365]
[1.2053207159042358]
[1.1826395988464355]
[0.4178466796875]
[0.34076717495918274]
[1.0350995063781738]
[4.664309978485107]
[3.7356221675872803]
[1.3028820753097534]
[5.148878574371338]
[10.936450958251953]
[2.2478227615356445]
[1.3347084522247314]
[0.3290223777294159]
[6.321055889129639]
[96.90974426269531]
[2.411482810974121]
[1.9880107641220093]
[3.1015443801879883]
[3.5184457302093506]
[1.0437145233154297]
[1.9600753784179688]
[0.7654119729995728]
[0.29398611187934875]
[6.315168380737305]
[49.17692565917969]
[0.764008641242981]
[6.146496772766113]
[0.12347404658794403]
[1.1734051704406738]
[0.2053331434726715]
[0.8130054473876953]
[8.734910011291504]
[1.594387173652649]
[0.5610930919647217]
[2.7794480323791504]
[2.934454917907715]
[0.6850784420967102]
[2.4234817028045654]
[6.384446620941162]
[0.7825410962104797]
[1.7885942459106445]
[0.9943222999572754]
[1.9526945352554321]
[2.3923022747039795]
[0.1637260466814041]
[0.14699900150299072]
[0.15628235042095184]
[0.559665322303772]
[0.3206690549850464]
[4.817032337188721]
[1.9700379371643066]
[4.688676357269287]
[0.6781659126281738]
[0.8194734454154968]
[2.6856884956359863]
[0.8511205315589905]
[0.46034812927246094]
[0.8914944529533386]
[1.1742156744003296]
[1.6277254819869995]
[5.9708638191223145]
[1.113274097442627]
[4.189640045166016]
[0.41373661160469055]
[1.5798370838165283]
[0.9320038557052612]
[1.127039909362793]
[40.26606369018555]
[0.0478542223572731]
[2.9626717567443848]
[3.2990832328796387]
[0.40778443217277527]
[4.693930149078369]
[1.0448826551437378]
[0.8567359447479248]
[0.5598547458648682]
[3.347489356994629]
[0.13376787304878235]
[791.1082153320312]
[1.3432306051254272]
[0.1998276710510254]
[0.7909159660339355]
[0.5570937991142273]
[2.240760564804077]
[146.85780334472656]
[16.50908851623535]
[0.5491633415222168]
[1.8277184963226318]
[3.115459680557251]
[0.038411013782024384]
[0.9920395016670227]
[2.952382802963257]
[1.1469457149505615]
[4.326757431030273]
[0.9146355986595154]
[0.6578109264373779]
[0.23205682635307312]
[0.3073213994503021]
[0.32521605491638184]
[0.9500532746315002]
[1.3838980197906494]
[1.6126015186309814]
[1.3211510181427002]
[6.265051364898682]
[10.703185081481934]
[0.6285000443458557]
[2.443129301071167]
[1.2368268966674805]
[0.49966979026794434]
[0.3221379220485687]
[1.180280089378357]
[0.5912280082702637]
[5.446058750152588]
[3.5446548461914062]
[1.5701473951339722]
[8.740177154541016]
[0.12747721374034882]
[1.0937684774398804]
[0.3217237591743469]
[0.981203556060791]
[1.228114366531372]
[1.5287976264953613]
[1.2685216665267944]
[213.8975067138672]
[0.6622700691223145]
[0.3600623309612274]
[0.4840684235095978]
[0.8360203504562378]
[1.0816359519958496]
[7.005585193634033]
[4.136380672454834]
[0.1300991028547287]
[0.2769568860530853]
[18.49297523498535]
[0.68378746509552]
[0.07511428743600845]
[18.46320152282715]
[276.9248352050781]
[0.9662853479385376]
[0.1283557265996933]
[0.20328660309314728]
[0.1148725301027298]
[13.793906211853027]
[0.08440512418746948]
[3.457829475402832]
[0.1181873306632042]
[0.08623944222927094]
[10.028738975524902]
[0.31880947947502136]
[0.5794475674629211]
[0.0798034742474556]
[0.8071919083595276]
[1.2108811140060425]
[0.41127926111221313]
[0.6681553721427917]
[0.4220132529735565]
[2.1300618648529053]
[1.4818593263626099]
[0.08443935215473175]
[0.10026292502880096]
[48.163482666015625]
[0.8787460923194885]
[0.3171595633029938]
[0.07366946339607239]
[6.0683207511901855]
[685.7262573242188]
[3.0908007621765137]
[1.525913119316101]
[0.7564605474472046]
[0.36960992217063904]
[0.17227637767791748]
[0.07124906778335571]
[19.164539337158203]
[2.9476077556610107]
[2.0593199729919434]
[1.7801077365875244]
[0.0595409981906414]
[0.8429399132728577]
[0.9458155035972595]
[220.55711364746094]
[16.250686645507812]
[2.105179786682129]
[0.592923104763031]
[34.628231048583984]
[0.09188644587993622]
[0.9099733829498291]
[2.4579219818115234]
[0.3990888297557831]
[0.4783056676387787]
[0.46193763613700867]
[0.9305962324142456]
[0.14127416908740997]
[2.3798086643218994]
[7.501806259155273]
[0.42674770951271057]
[4.677489757537842]
[3.8795547485351562]
[2.796128511428833]
[1.9213124513626099]
[1.2934399843215942]
[0.6217454671859741]
[0.0930827334523201]
[1.927101492881775]
[4.3029255867004395]
[0.8807850480079651]
[2.723952054977417]
[0.06787571310997009]
[4.323627948760986]
[1.9293965101242065]
[1.0803005695343018]
[1.034159779548645]
[5.267935752868652]
[1.5319318771362305]
[0.2731929421424866]
[1.4723771810531616]
[2.866304636001587]
[1.764267086982727]
[1.323278546333313]
[0.07133135944604874]
[1.9551774263381958]
[1.5051376819610596]
[0.5141398906707764]
[2.673696279525757]
[5.289543628692627]
[0.598978579044342]
[2.5710060596466064]
[6.054851055145264]
[5.868856906890869]
[0.9387537240982056]
[4.674219608306885]
[1.6881262063980103]
[1.8358793258666992]
[0.26155540347099304]
[3.652087450027466]
[0.7663391828536987]
[0.648308515548706]
[1.4717756509780884]
[8.307058334350586]
[0.46507593989372253]
[0.11281971633434296]
[0.4119771122932434]
[1.2442787885665894]
[0.38794657588005066]
[0.21267728507518768]
[1.0428786277770996]
[0.0637778490781784]
[1.3798309564590454]
[1.3188695907592773]
[1.5690380334854126]
[0.08953072875738144]
[0.7051681280136108]
[0.757763147354126]
[0.11860207468271255]
[8.480382919311523]
[0.8831285834312439]
[0.19526611268520355]
[0.3252622187137604]
[0.32283833622932434]
[0.8718534111976624]
[71.92498779296875]
[0.9101740121841431]
[0.2901763617992401]
[4.453125476837158]
[1.1746629476547241]
[2.936558246612549]
[0.08945975452661514]
[4.502689838409424]
[0.24339519441127777]
[0.15247391164302826]
[0.3049297332763672]
[1.8173294067382812]
[1.0617361068725586]
[0.8872241377830505]
[0.5726815462112427]
[0.3842824697494507]
[0.32907718420028687]
[0.15869170427322388]
[2.554257392883301]
[0.06493690609931946]
[29.987876892089844]
[0.9200080633163452]
[2.5297532081604004]
[2.0182435512542725]
[0.23433277010917664]
[0.9651092290878296]
[0.13438421487808228]
[0.8553960919380188]
[0.8173410892486572]
[8.288812637329102]
[1.3715412616729736]
[0.06595540791749954]
[0.45594024658203125]
[0.8701174855232239]
[0.8080691695213318]
[0.9045699238777161]
[0.9052225351333618]
[7.578269004821777]
[1.2055219411849976]
[2.538306474685669]
[0.21903684735298157]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.0194569826126099]
[2.507126569747925]
[0.08134950697422028]
[2.156123399734497]
[0.1320878565311432]
[3.1814980506896973]
[0.587106466293335]
[1.2102580070495605]
[0.9841164350509644]
[0.817614734172821]
[0.6976197957992554]
[1.5244991779327393]
[1.1865108013153076]
[0.08346802741289139]
[1.3935515880584717]
[0.8513942956924438]
[0.1654050201177597]
[0.6376389265060425]
[2.195909023284912]
[0.3641970455646515]
[0.5770080089569092]
[0.4463389217853546]
[1.7969632148742676]
[0.08564094454050064]
[1.7095613479614258]
[7.4361138343811035]
[1.1583127975463867]
[0.8281006813049316]
[1211.7275390625]
[0.999525785446167]
[0.166953444480896]
[1.0779335498809814]
[0.9049271941184998]
[0.29487794637680054]
[1.6534353494644165]
[8.992144584655762]
[0.39824366569519043]
[0.03060448169708252]
[0.9372375011444092]
[0.06621897965669632]
[0.8715782165527344]
[0.7764871120452881]
[6.481504440307617]
[1.1779555082321167]
[0.1628376841545105]
[0.12629322707653046]
[0.8771936297416687]
[0.6651342511177063]
[1.2482489347457886]
[3.231816291809082]
[0.27199751138687134]
[0.04657629877328873]
[149.3907470703125]
[1.981286883354187]
[0.6865246295928955]
[35.92319869995117]
[2.0481059551239014]
[203.28060913085938]
[0.28244245052337646]
[3.0286471843719482]
[2.2339115142822266]
[2.5440948009490967]
[0.20087310671806335]
[1.5466444492340088]
[0.28046488761901855]
[4.061982154846191]
[2.957550048828125]
[0.4352007806301117]
[7.781603813171387]
[12.894177436828613]
[16.004661560058594]
[0.9814512729644775]
[2.0011353492736816]
[0.14904725551605225]
[1.0478219985961914]
[1.5689866542816162]
[0.8744117617607117]
[130.0377197265625]
[1.043167233467102]
[0.15478914976119995]
[0.4030105173587799]
[12.59453010559082]
[0.3460928797721863]
[6.660390853881836]
[0.9341121912002563]
[2.4720590114593506]
[0.9931923747062683]
[4.937004566192627]
[5.755967617034912]
[0.9898613691329956]
[0.07872896641492844]
[0.6352705955505371]
[0.6047046780586243]
[0.9044339060783386]
[4.384125232696533]
[0.8655316233634949]
[0.051812052726745605]
[0.655440092086792]
[1.3277778625488281]
[14.679693222045898]
[0.05897682160139084]
[8.757553100585938]
[3.3510749340057373]
[0.6859767436981201]
[1.0002129077911377]
[0.7136721014976501]
[0.5191694498062134]
[1.0343509912490845]
[2.4095728397369385]
[2.4040873050689697]
[1.5099481344223022]
[7.138157367706299]
[0.11511408537626266]
[0.507315456867218]
[1.5356509685516357]
[0.8485537171363831]
[0.4357316195964813]
[1.0807217359542847]
[0.42502281069755554]
[0.3480457067489624]
[0.6260477900505066]
[0.3129030466079712]
[1.243869423866272]
[2.328449010848999]
[1.467475175857544]
[0.5597987174987793]
[2.3315117359161377]
[2.3120882511138916]
[1.9182032346725464]
[0.593411922454834]
[1.4741877317428589]
[1.9251055717468262]
[0.44156143069267273]
[0.8543443083763123]
[0.6333364844322205]
[0.19908630847930908]
[0.6563549041748047]
[0.44383248686790466]
[1.0315285921096802]
[4.156503200531006]
[0.061111532151699066]
[0.19409355521202087]
[1.0551234483718872]
[0.3553812801837921]
[1.1590402126312256]
[0.915235161781311]
[0.9629969596862793]
[0.8707700967788696]
[0.0714004784822464]
[0.10494969040155411]
[0.24778905510902405]
[0.09621370583772659]
[0.2960720956325531]
[1.046696424484253]
[2.2139291763305664]
[3.225154161453247]
[0.25509974360466003]
[0.05255835875868797]
[0.15175943076610565]
[1.0234766006469727]
[0.11440254002809525]
[0.682924211025238]
[0.3487280011177063]
[2.7944889068603516]
[60.05292892456055]
[2.7817542552948]
[0.07359504699707031]
[1.2440874576568604]
[1.5422552824020386]
[0.19043587148189545]
[0.9002184271812439]
[6.515466690063477]
[4.123407363891602]
[0.1619594246149063]
[0.47044888138771057]
[2.233189582824707]
[2.2003941535949707]
[2.1943633556365967]
[0.2057870626449585]
[1.2706689834594727]
[0.3888852298259735]
[3.6156914234161377]
[6.643195629119873]
[0.9893831014633179]
[2.157374143600464]
[83.05835723876953]
[1.1672406196594238]
[1.164355993270874]
[0.06927885115146637]
[0.10568484663963318]
[0.12772013247013092]
[5.571473598480225]
[2.327920436859131]
[1.7233150005340576]
[0.9614098072052002]
[0.44574519991874695]
[1.1961328983306885]
[0.12622305750846863]
[1.1375532150268555]
[0.21913349628448486]
[0.08154506981372833]
[1.1506935358047485]
[0.413303405046463]
[3.1593902111053467]
[0.7340493202209473]
[1.9468783140182495]
[0.10494077950716019]
[9.30737590789795]
[0.3068082928657532]
[0.10048668086528778]
[0.0823936015367508]
[2.136049509048462]
[0.07863442599773407]
[2.5705199241638184]
[0.5946051478385925]
[0.5333623290061951]
[0.4734010696411133]
[0.6056813597679138]
[1.3881028890609741]
[343.0428161621094]
[1.8462066650390625]
[1.8236279487609863]
[2.158430576324463]
[3.8257880210876465]
[1.1643004417419434]
[1.3769258260726929]
[0.7457364797592163]
[1.2524768114089966]
[0.08962130546569824]
[0.8010856509208679]
[1.6628286838531494]
[2.1964340209960938]
[0.18168792128562927]
[27.933435440063477]
[0.1074535921216011]
[0.8672297596931458]
[1.1128857135772705]
[4.537266254425049]
[0.34291213750839233]
[1.3868381977081299]
[2.1734158992767334]
[7.929722785949707]
[0.21559423208236694]
[1.5650886297225952]
[3.0785231590270996]
[0.8548682332038879]
[0.07510163635015488]
[0.42939674854278564]
[1.5494859218597412]
[6.5882792472839355]
[0.13406431674957275]
[1.9718760251998901]
[0.0914481058716774]
[3.271857500076294]
[2.6377112865448]
[1.1473627090454102]
[2.629296064376831]
[0.46239739656448364]
[0.5810717940330505]
[2.300675392150879]
[0.647661566734314]
[0.30380478501319885]
[0.13962720334529877]
[5.852571487426758]
[1.1964640617370605]
[0.09890466928482056]
[32.26830291748047]
[0.23248079419136047]
[1.7874749898910522]
[0.31713467836380005]
[0.4025101363658905]
[3.523319721221924]
[2.6125824451446533]
[0.2756141424179077]
[0.49887779355049133]
[0.42679348587989807]
[1.6849371194839478]
[0.17293888330459595]
[0.13358907401561737]
[1.1110777854919434]
[0.05177738144993782]
[0.2877391576766968]
[1.0539017915725708]
[0.7787312865257263]
[0.7190421223640442]
[1.5301858186721802]
[1.1275949478149414]
[0.6702551245689392]
[8.979764938354492]
[1.094639539718628]
[0.57308429479599]
[0.036379698663949966]
[1.2320514917373657]
[0.1394428312778473]
[1.6160467863082886]
[1.3113571405410767]
[0.1988174468278885]
[0.08327028155326843]
[0.3973095715045929]
[0.17824722826480865]
[1.286928653717041]
[1.2848800420761108]
[3.1533279418945312]
[0.26794928312301636]
[0.7758985757827759]
[1.6402112245559692]
[1.4166277647018433]
[0.6611754894256592]
[2.3768320083618164]
[0.04562206193804741]
[2.270279884338379]
[2.913926601409912]
[0.05463533103466034]
[0.13277457654476166]
[4.356588363647461]
[1.1344709396362305]
[1.093321681022644]
[0.7488909363746643]
[2.6027278900146484]
[6.126583099365234]
[3.1877951622009277]
[0.4443724453449249]
[0.42168503999710083]
[0.8231370449066162]
[1.6331727504730225]
[1.1471081972122192]
[3.7969775199890137]
[1.0745384693145752]
[6.450745105743408]
[3.5970981121063232]
[1.987654447555542]
[0.534796416759491]
[9.231306076049805]
[0.228450208902359]
[0.1765490472316742]
[1.786685824394226]
[1.220299482345581]
[0.09437234699726105]
[0.4055672883987427]
[1.1508926153182983]
[1.3108720779418945]
[1.1730952262878418]
[0.18493078649044037]
[1.0670567750930786]
[0.12920235097408295]
[1.2613356113433838]
[1.0109307765960693]
[4.883596897125244]
[0.04763196408748627]
[0.792687177658081]
[3.961732864379883]
[0.3688661456108093]
[1.77254056930542]
[4.515684604644775]
[2.5008840560913086]
[0.42906057834625244]
[0.11842546612024307]
[0.8346481919288635]
[0.4988170862197876]
[0.6492506265640259]
[0.1850278228521347]
[0.41293326020240784]
[0.5304280519485474]
[0.3282090127468109]
[0.5672526359558105]
[0.26392021775245667]
[0.3614245653152466]
[1.7833149433135986]
[1757.28076171875]
[1.1205112934112549]
[81.977783203125]
[0.6909885406494141]
[2.606735944747925]
[1.254642367362976]
[0.13350968062877655]
[2.238661766052246]
[0.6785515546798706]
[1.7047795057296753]
[565.3424072265625]
[2.8023548126220703]
[0.42085739970207214]
[4.477511405944824]
[2.857381820678711]
[0.1871684193611145]
[0.654155969619751]
[2.870223045349121]
[31.199142456054688]
[70.69888305664062]
[1.780199408531189]
[7.036270618438721]
[0.1436808705329895]
[0.14317122101783752]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.8952226042747498]
[2.3221254348754883]
[3.55448842048645]
[0.9365280270576477]
[4.742445468902588]
[0.5135183930397034]
[16.399648666381836]
[0.9107800126075745]
[0.14646349847316742]
[1.232507348060608]
[0.4432395100593567]
[0.5336848497390747]
[0.3252291977405548]
[1.0141496658325195]
[7.3851494789123535]
[1.112471580505371]
[2.9295852184295654]
[2.1090736389160156]
[1.1133105754852295]
[4.2606706619262695]
[39.68047332763672]
[1.8750579357147217]
[0.21447385847568512]
[0.6874165534973145]
[5.331442356109619]
[0.15049749612808228]
[0.8592357635498047]
[0.10385138541460037]
[0.5312010645866394]
[2.2154674530029297]
[1.4076977968215942]
[1.3769774436950684]
[0.1352405697107315]
[0.8780372142791748]
[1.2346247434616089]
[2.1453733444213867]
[0.5778325200080872]
[0.36807090044021606]
[0.18812845647335052]
[3.4148590564727783]
[1.021506905555725]
[11.184408187866211]
[9.650289535522461]
[3.306215286254883]
[0.8951852321624756]
[6.74454402923584]
[0.2895767092704773]
[0.15849028527736664]
[1.6968472003936768]
[0.9551309943199158]
[0.09694603085517883]
[0.9303640723228455]
[2.7642898559570312]
[2.009615898132324]
[0.07963632792234421]
[0.952226459980011]
[1.4675918817520142]
[0.13601800799369812]
[2.2118239402770996]
[0.9406144618988037]
[1.3633933067321777]
[17.629911422729492]
[0.17470861971378326]
[0.07338226586580276]
[1.7031762599945068]
[7.208559513092041]
[0.34359198808670044]
[2.408642053604126]
[0.25503307580947876]
[0.21902960538864136]
[4.829707145690918]
[6.971210956573486]
[0.14004507660865784]
[1.730952262878418]
[0.8419840931892395]
[1.017348051071167]
[0.08991102874279022]
[1.1312376260757446]
[0.37696999311447144]
[1.116925835609436]
[0.07916417717933655]
[0.9933348894119263]
[4.9028167724609375]
[0.40667232871055603]
[1.6000747680664062]
[2.8163983821868896]
[0.4267531931400299]
[33.9060173034668]
[0.7833236455917358]
[1.8901783227920532]
[0.8183141350746155]
[0.595139741897583]
[0.5621893405914307]
[1.3194434642791748]
[4.483705520629883]
[2.4247984886169434]
[1.0865614414215088]
[0.2805171608924866]
[0.40464359521865845]
[13.717939376831055]
[0.25229474902153015]
[8.647411346435547]
[0.35120728611946106]
[3.7390990257263184]
[0.7906515002250671]
[0.9617052674293518]
[0.7331879138946533]
[0.5953643918037415]
[4.738401889801025]
[0.5865074992179871]
[1.058622121810913]
[0.6940771341323853]
[2.070124387741089]
[1.0994644165039062]
[1.095597267150879]
[0.35381317138671875]
[0.104887455701828]
[0.2679221034049988]
[1.5797990560531616]
[0.7398104071617126]
[0.43418607115745544]
[0.2918982207775116]
[0.07021912932395935]
[0.9210442900657654]
[0.4993782937526703]
[0.15075358748435974]
[0.7037839293479919]
[0.07812394946813583]
[0.2776007354259491]
[49.21253967285156]
[2.3405416011810303]
[2.201192855834961]
[0.5729708075523376]
[0.8988384008407593]
[0.6282634139060974]
[0.7426329851150513]
[0.40136250853538513]
[0.2583419680595398]
[0.26790517568588257]
[0.052727483212947845]
[0.18893910944461823]
[0.4728347063064575]
[0.3844199478626251]
[1.3443019390106201]
[2.218311309814453]
[0.07161049544811249]
[0.8116897344589233]
[0.07992848008871078]
[0.27305617928504944]
[5.482058048248291]
[2.539128541946411]
[2.1051361560821533]
[0.10809643566608429]
[119.10096740722656]
[0.6791088581085205]
[4.182745456695557]
[0.5155830979347229]
[0.8337281942367554]
[3.1952710151672363]
[4.685204982757568]
[2.536508798599243]
[0.1069105789065361]
[0.25683891773223877]
[1.8621357679367065]
[1.2835577726364136]
[0.0983658954501152]
[0.49084198474884033]
[0.09657289832830429]
[0.07857081294059753]
[3.8323819637298584]
[0.12234356999397278]
[1.2557556629180908]
[1.448604941368103]
[5.4233832359313965]
[2.835921049118042]
[1.3064935207366943]
[0.3051307797431946]
[1.027670979499817]
[1.375207543373108]
[0.4778673052787781]
[1.8116958141326904]
[1.8371691703796387]
[3.894852876663208]
[1.1460332870483398]
[0.9601396322250366]
[1.6807680130004883]
[0.3305915594100952]
[0.8995663523674011]
[0.9631261229515076]
[0.4801782965660095]
[0.5802434682846069]
[3.689408540725708]
[0.5497494339942932]
[0.38079196214675903]
[0.06459435075521469]
[0.08194725215435028]
[0.23885154724121094]
[0.7525891661643982]
[0.4793436527252197]
[0.7087644934654236]
[1.8453372716903687]
[2.773441791534424]
[0.5034276843070984]
[0.8704195618629456]
[3.687398672103882]
[4.227356433868408]
[0.8376161456108093]
[0.9892566204071045]
[0.8067163228988647]
[0.2127099484205246]
[0.659851610660553]
[0.075748972594738]
[2.117420196533203]
[1.02256441116333]
[7.156502723693848]
[1.6751781702041626]
[1.3848352432250977]
[0.3444724380970001]
[0.40438759326934814]
[3.615307331085205]
[0.35502684116363525]
[0.08490845561027527]
[0.0629984438419342]
[202.98089599609375]
[0.8785459399223328]
[0.3599092364311218]
[1.2520341873168945]
[0.16163569688796997]
[3.600640296936035]
[4.933485507965088]
[0.24441809952259064]
[0.32823437452316284]
[0.0847913846373558]
[0.18948079645633698]
[0.31801411509513855]
[6.795295238494873]
[1.4521851539611816]
[0.6101524233818054]
[0.30830544233322144]
[1.5306750535964966]
[0.5605068802833557]
[2.1723828315734863]
[0.23339979350566864]
[0.13848979771137238]
[1.4894787073135376]
[0.29690179228782654]
[0.7687982320785522]
[0.40961793065071106]
[0.09883135557174683]
[1.4831230640411377]
[0.27105629444122314]
[9.352160453796387]
[18.930404663085938]
[142.53903198242188]
[0.04348926991224289]
[1.299934983253479]
[1.0050736665725708]
[3.6520209312438965]
[0.5041362047195435]
[0.7617239952087402]
[0.6961389183998108]
[1.311291217803955]
[1.148519515991211]
[0.07798074185848236]
[27.2852783203125]
[0.197713702917099]
[0.9287275671958923]
[29.806957244873047]
[0.4410310685634613]
[0.7083323001861572]
[0.44818443059921265]
[0.09535884857177734]
[2.6911263465881348]
[2.3685827255249023]
[0.10663679242134094]
[0.17559200525283813]
[0.6892315149307251]
[0.8941813111305237]
[0.48857152462005615]
[0.1417585164308548]
[0.3996666669845581]
[0.06921873241662979]
[2.5264787673950195]
[0.4280528724193573]
[0.2086392194032669]
[0.6907738447189331]
[0.27872878313064575]
[0.45266053080558777]
[0.08832799643278122]
[0.12678177654743195]
[0.23933088779449463]
[2.341367483139038]
[0.0848824679851532]
[0.5708621144294739]
[0.22936581075191498]
[0.6739609241485596]
[0.07360263913869858]
[0.49176666140556335]
[116.3446273803711]
[3.9916632175445557]
[0.9807237386703491]
[0.764482319355011]
[0.4505698084831238]
[0.6867781281471252]
[10.851264953613281]
[1.1106222867965698]
[1.0733442306518555]
[85.08594512939453]
[1.533524513244629]
[0.4773409366607666]
[0.2882310450077057]
[3.5050814151763916]
[0.3155902922153473]
[1.2941622734069824]
[0.21380554139614105]
[1.1337265968322754]
[0.4863651990890503]
[1.0702580213546753]
[7.561278820037842]
[0.9579378366470337]
[3.755425214767456]
[1.0052008628845215]
[0.6201955676078796]
[1.0172446966171265]
[0.08271938562393188]
[1.0016884803771973]
[0.12010152637958527]
[1.8902984857559204]
[0.5665759444236755]
[9.320399284362793]
[1.1851019859313965]
[803.459228515625]
[0.5303107500076294]
[14.600061416625977]
[3.143456220626831]
[0.8202890157699585]
[0.18037748336791992]
[1.2386503219604492]
[1.5215275287628174]
[0.22546379268169403]
[1.8362923860549927]
[1.0245670080184937]
[0.2112366259098053]
[0.25455614924430847]
[0.1713964343070984]
[1.7483325004577637]
[1.4196696281433105]
[0.23892803490161896]
[8.725118637084961]
[1.6403981447219849]
[0.8706243634223938]
[1.7217166423797607]
[7.039201736450195]
[0.301420122385025]
[6.0069780349731445]
[1.398301362991333]
[0.4040796756744385]
[0.37199074029922485]
[5.6706156730651855]
[3.7270090579986572]
[0.0945536196231842]
[1.3490780591964722]
[1.8824553489685059]
[0.12256792187690735]
[0.16799668967723846]
[0.20333927869796753]
[0.09334155172109604]
[0.352640837430954]
[0.5159536600112915]
[0.08928731828927994]
[0.1759943962097168]
[139.066162109375]
[0.6786355376243591]
[0.9701038599014282]
[0.1835128217935562]
[0.38798367977142334]
[1.8505375385284424]
[0.09542880952358246]
[5.786851406097412]
[3.306521415710449]
[0.9957624077796936]
[0.5448885560035706]
[0.5477774143218994]
[0.18951499462127686]
[3.171952247619629]
[1.0236916542053223]
[0.6982065439224243]
[0.2563582956790924]
[0.24705053865909576]
[0.5638319253921509]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[52.51332473754883]
[0.5980360507965088]
[0.31983479857444763]
[4.151190757751465]
[1.692620038986206]
[0.9030434489250183]
[4.586322784423828]
[3.417177200317383]
[0.3743036985397339]
[0.32768040895462036]
[0.6446710824966431]
[1.5499687194824219]
[4.7642035484313965]
[48.282501220703125]
[0.4674956202507019]
[0.17692559957504272]
[0.9929430484771729]
[0.23594145476818085]
[0.7587297558784485]
[0.12515273690223694]
[0.808091402053833]
[1.9221683740615845]
[120.2420883178711]
[0.8507513999938965]
[0.8983945250511169]
[0.52479088306427]
[0.8911792039871216]
[0.08284667879343033]
[0.8116991519927979]
[1.3057763576507568]
[0.3860892057418823]
[1.452928900718689]
[0.1714983880519867]
[2.8462588787078857]
[2.4143869876861572]
[0.744914174079895]
[0.4483698010444641]
[0.6728891730308533]
[2.1143105030059814]
[0.23120203614234924]
[6.345708847045898]
[0.7365177273750305]
[1.074277400970459]
[0.5733669400215149]
[4.421754837036133]
[0.5626372694969177]
[0.09832921624183655]
[0.6517259478569031]
[2.0302786827087402]
[2.395979404449463]
[0.37833213806152344]
[1.0428225994110107]
[0.20846408605575562]
[0.47435134649276733]
[0.25075292587280273]
[0.9224199056625366]
[0.09792599081993103]
[4.231042861938477]
[0.986345112323761]
[1.1770756244659424]
[1.3945341110229492]
[0.19270183145999908]
[2.3100838661193848]
[0.9553219676017761]
[0.0767599567770958]
[0.785998523235321]
[40.33619689941406]
[4.423560619354248]
[0.13555091619491577]
[0.41665419936180115]
[0.392953485250473]
[0.18201303482055664]
[0.838639497756958]
[0.8998767137527466]
[0.8380516171455383]
[0.1281602680683136]
[4.090206623077393]
[3.9709503650665283]
[0.9895581007003784]
[0.43222522735595703]
[3.2012863159179688]
[0.235194593667984]
[0.5591602921485901]
[93.64522552490234]
[0.6462323069572449]
[0.7044069766998291]
[0.9044870138168335]
[0.25211405754089355]
[1.0498051643371582]
[3.1808080673217773]
[2.4058103561401367]
[0.35865724086761475]
[11.385187149047852]
[0.3737964332103729]
[0.6306366920471191]
[0.8132388591766357]
[0.6307267546653748]
[0.7556291222572327]
[0.623924970626831]
[0.6261277794837952]
[3.059628963470459]
[0.4086449444293976]
[1.6692951917648315]
[0.7796000838279724]
[1.555240273475647]
[0.22964292764663696]
[0.06135397404432297]
[0.5963931083679199]
[0.7908309698104858]
[0.2259707897901535]
[0.39536887407302856]
[0.14389225840568542]
[0.14503446221351624]
[0.5941075682640076]
[0.3925475776195526]
[0.13945411145687103]
[0.5045536756515503]
[0.07425639778375626]
[0.8809365034103394]
[2.289902448654175]
[0.6338903903961182]
[0.12550300359725952]
[1.7982982397079468]
[0.44649043679237366]
[1.15889573097229]
[4.7834343910217285]
[0.36074814200401306]
[0.566512942314148]
[1.4108449220657349]
[1.2452470064163208]
[1.2159090042114258]
[2.110900640487671]
[0.457633376121521]
[0.3833204209804535]
[1.8839393854141235]
[3.417628765106201]
[0.2333739846944809]
[0.20785118639469147]
[3.9301953315734863]
[1.1297138929367065]
[0.34405845403671265]
[0.9565394520759583]
[0.13663367927074432]
[0.24322393536567688]
[0.43236497044563293]
[0.23996049165725708]
[0.8374559283256531]
[0.4313794672489166]
[0.20196369290351868]
[1.6369600296020508]
[3.2322962284088135]
[0.24731044471263885]
[1.1566839218139648]
[0.37666836380958557]
[0.7272714972496033]
[2.748779058456421]
[2.390749931335449]
[0.15017299354076385]
[0.11745517700910568]
[0.3043200373649597]
[0.14526747167110443]
[4.06320333480835]
[358.751708984375]
[0.6125884056091309]
[0.39093104004859924]
[1.1304630041122437]
[1.4263931512832642]
[0.5188027620315552]
[0.34887099266052246]
[0.6298699378967285]
[1.9417963027954102]
[5.974337100982666]
[256.9428405761719]
[0.843842089176178]
[0.1995719075202942]
[3.7997772693634033]
[4.045348167419434]
[0.08427843451499939]
[2.0639684200286865]
[0.4628671705722809]
[1.5844433307647705]
[1.6642979383468628]
[0.43046635389328003]
[0.8585900664329529]
[0.6118347644805908]
[2.920267105102539]
[0.26124313473701477]
[0.8009340763092041]
[0.4600845277309418]
[0.65156090259552]
[1.1404229402542114]
[0.9553055763244629]
[1.2413312196731567]
[0.4354090094566345]
[0.14373348653316498]
[0.8361436724662781]
[1.6514428853988647]
[0.6331841945648193]
[0.7835658192634583]
[0.08349879086017609]
[0.37504374980926514]
[0.9342027306556702]
[1.9761196374893188]
[0.4965214133262634]
[1.6470245122909546]
[0.6241568922996521]
[0.696433961391449]
[0.7770505547523499]
[0.9313983917236328]
[0.3301468789577484]
[0.5036720037460327]
[0.6492624878883362]
[0.7098988890647888]
[1.0584516525268555]
[1.1180211305618286]
[0.9245670437812805]
[0.6888359189033508]
[0.13273346424102783]
[1.0942959785461426]
[1.5954002141952515]
[2.781595468521118]
[0.11147022992372513]
[0.40096721053123474]
[1.0319620370864868]
[0.7897782325744629]
[26.691612243652344]
[1.664628267288208]
[0.4950246512889862]
[0.18590189516544342]
[0.5592131018638611]
[0.3094100058078766]
[0.2342149168252945]
[0.057680316269397736]
[18.720226287841797]
[1.4886953830718994]
[0.8957555890083313]
[2.7672948837280273]
[0.23718909919261932]
[0.989246666431427]
[0.570193886756897]
[7.293795108795166]
[1.4026706218719482]
[0.929027795791626]
[0.4621797502040863]
[0.24852553009986877]
[1.3924529552459717]
[0.17124323546886444]
[0.5697646737098694]
[0.6700052618980408]
[0.2240714132785797]
[0.2646655738353729]
[1.0026824474334717]
[0.8522750735282898]
[3.9200658798217773]
[0.30387550592422485]
[0.14600704610347748]
[0.4747559428215027]
[0.5258411169052124]
[0.9100725054740906]
[0.5863450765609741]
[3.4749109745025635]
[0.38315320014953613]
[1.321610689163208]
[0.37031036615371704]
[0.3221750557422638]
[0.5282796621322632]
[0.1725345253944397]
[0.6523507833480835]
[0.23768962919712067]
[0.1807677149772644]
[6.7093095779418945]
[0.7289419770240784]
[0.14088793098926544]
[0.22256068885326385]
[0.1462118923664093]
[0.06406931579113007]
[4.6433796882629395]
[0.433040052652359]
[1.1576459407806396]
[0.6593020558357239]
[0.24008043110370636]
[0.1827935427427292]
[0.26808634400367737]
[0.18567655980587006]
[0.33268412947654724]
[0.21404607594013214]
[2.4668798446655273]
[0.5498808026313782]
[0.22298885881900787]
[0.5763091444969177]
[0.6632198095321655]
[0.46530860662460327]
[0.7787149548530579]
[0.49218499660491943]
[0.1354445517063141]
[0.5971582531929016]
[2.102402448654175]
[0.5916814208030701]
[1.3927780389785767]
[0.18238826096057892]
[0.3905014395713806]
[0.5694858431816101]
[0.4652174115180969]
[0.4350174367427826]
[0.5980700850486755]
[1.4548096656799316]
[1.3232107162475586]
[0.36296072602272034]
[0.8400702476501465]
[0.3512049913406372]
[2.1018710136413574]
[0.541849672794342]
[1.320989966392517]
[0.9659743309020996]
[0.40844449400901794]
[0.6793012022972107]
[0.5786436200141907]
[0.3027814030647278]
[0.8856484889984131]
[0.3165661692619324]
[0.2082095742225647]
[0.17516334354877472]
[0.36064621806144714]
[0.13186463713645935]
[0.5918939113616943]
[0.6215083599090576]
[0.5393094420433044]
[5.2829389572143555]
[0.44681477546691895]
[0.3957911431789398]
[0.5395858883857727]
[1.8828325271606445]
[0.6073015928268433]
[0.3173637092113495]
[3.679949998855591]
[0.438970685005188]
[4.490333080291748]
[0.9589687585830688]
[0.1466534286737442]
[2.1692817211151123]
[0.2924329936504364]
[0.4134717583656311]
[0.9886706471443176]
[0.20392899215221405]
[0.4272674322128296]
[0.2835211753845215]
[0.9485852122306824]
[0.553678572177887]
[2.294696807861328]
[0.5437242984771729]
[0.14937838912010193]
[0.15591643750667572]
[2.326070785522461]
[0.2374701052904129]
[0.2724210321903229]
[0.41982501745224]
[1.2931994199752808]
[0.5155462026596069]
[22.61801528930664]
[1.2643681764602661]
[2.4198267459869385]
[0.21137167513370514]
[0.552581787109375]
[2.5506556034088135]
[1.77964186668396]
[0.48605412244796753]
[0.7838974595069885]
[1.677889347076416]
[0.3245759606361389]
[0.44979560375213623]
[1.8032342195510864]
[3.560667037963867]
[0.6241734027862549]
[209.9298858642578]
[0.3329700231552124]
[3.3895394802093506]
[72.34388732910156]
[0.384430468082428]
[0.4981817305088043]
[0.8620336651802063]
[2.7465109825134277]
[0.3632611036300659]
[0.21987749636173248]
[0.5816764831542969]
[120.9839859008789]
[0.15455907583236694]
[0.9209405779838562]
[0.9817792773246765]
[4.965237617492676]
[0.34797126054763794]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.15167376399040222]
[0.3271494209766388]
[0.5790625214576721]
[0.9903101325035095]
[1.026216983795166]
[1.3848350048065186]
[0.5548893213272095]
[0.3538314402103424]
[1.8407526016235352]
[1.5994746685028076]
[0.5208654403686523]
[0.5430375337600708]
[0.22667865455150604]
[2.473146915435791]
[0.639920175075531]
[1.2024306058883667]
[0.39035987854003906]
[0.24521741271018982]
[0.15904250741004944]
[0.30052649974823]
[5.750693321228027]
[0.3128757178783417]
[0.44095149636268616]
[1.9239214658737183]
[0.24813902378082275]
[2.0500288009643555]
[0.20925317704677582]
[1.230226993560791]
[0.33554691076278687]
[0.40761297941207886]
[4.354423999786377]
[1.4941575527191162]
[0.836333155632019]
[0.9628149271011353]
[0.2714577317237854]
[3.1285011768341064]
[1.075448989868164]
[0.18921852111816406]
[0.8030965924263]
[0.5873206257820129]
[1.1983506679534912]
[0.5469777584075928]
[0.14233213663101196]
[0.41489312052726746]
[2.9588372707366943]
[2.3214752674102783]
[1.2081563472747803]
[0.33987957239151]
[0.34163033962249756]
[0.2810109257698059]
[3.0522899627685547]
[0.2877345085144043]
[1.9333250522613525]
[0.8716752529144287]
[0.47712594270706177]
[0.4863163232803345]
[0.21773242950439453]
[0.24047420918941498]
[0.3457286059856415]
[0.1224287673830986]
[0.5716472864151001]
[0.33903199434280396]
[0.5685328245162964]
[0.7161338329315186]
[1.125265121459961]
[0.7139032483100891]
[1.112904667854309]
[0.6663186550140381]
[0.279304176568985]
[1.0622247457504272]
[0.21379032731056213]
[0.19135503470897675]
[0.13517600297927856]
[3.6702489852905273]
[0.5250029563903809]
[39.63569641113281]
[1.9632067680358887]
[0.2038050889968872]
[769.32275390625]
[0.27695780992507935]
[0.5429151654243469]
[0.37935909628868103]
[0.8650853037834167]
[6.490036487579346]
[0.4433431923389435]
[0.28700628876686096]
[6.487972259521484]
[1.6596096754074097]
[0.17899824678897858]
[0.2725745141506195]
[0.6544752717018127]
[0.1558476984500885]
[13.157266616821289]
[16.163663864135742]
[1.478538155555725]
[0.508171558380127]
[7.182186126708984]
[0.6633313894271851]
[0.3208863139152527]
[0.28281745314598083]
[0.47940054535865784]
[6.515196323394775]
[3.221522569656372]
[0.5961297154426575]
[1.2949943542480469]
[0.9399005770683289]
[0.2600409686565399]
[0.4013232886791229]
[0.13517725467681885]
[0.8754626512527466]
[0.8810524940490723]
[0.43598198890686035]
[0.3823755383491516]
[1.4515548944473267]
[1.3243619203567505]
[4.853164196014404]
[0.23847615718841553]
[0.907908022403717]
[0.27630600333213806]
[0.9912039041519165]
[0.6179277300834656]
[0.9602945446968079]
[1.1457642316818237]
[3.3796684741973877]
[0.1325947493314743]
[0.5233111381530762]
[0.7168647646903992]
[0.9940972924232483]
[0.4966054856777191]
[0.9249686598777771]
[0.09795111417770386]
[33.14677047729492]
[0.3361279368400574]
[1.1952133178710938]
[0.5470245480537415]
[3.0007762908935547]
[0.4529586136341095]
[0.4101366102695465]
[0.6159540414810181]
[0.33495911955833435]
[3.1669139862060547]
[0.5617403388023376]
[0.22126032412052155]
[1.5200469493865967]
[0.3009856641292572]
[0.12351673096418381]
[0.2840624153614044]
[0.11402366310358047]
[0.18057405948638916]
[1.2528094053268433]
[0.219298854470253]
[0.2944697141647339]
[0.5419623851776123]
[0.687385082244873]
[0.38396012783050537]
[0.34342584013938904]
[0.18310955166816711]
[0.3796655535697937]
[0.2158549726009369]
[0.2294004112482071]
[0.14769263565540314]
[3.817694902420044]
[1.220618486404419]
[0.4475671052932739]
[0.6481441259384155]
[0.146015465259552]
[0.7421234250068665]
[0.1147712916135788]
[0.11154112219810486]
[0.3117624521255493]
[0.5620220303535461]
[0.8948665857315063]
[5.065720081329346]
[135.20079040527344]
[1.0438697338104248]
[0.49449461698532104]
[1.180340051651001]
[0.23901301622390747]
[0.2598528563976288]
[0.14750437438488007]
[0.3938850164413452]
[0.2593899965286255]
[0.3827987313270569]
[0.9635505080223083]
[0.317803293466568]
[0.5312013030052185]
[0.6978841423988342]
[3.4294676780700684]
[1.108924388885498]
[1.0624650716781616]
[2.258488655090332]
[0.11624806374311447]
[4.187819004058838]
[3.3086748123168945]
[4.499099254608154]
[0.5188062191009521]
[0.34414196014404297]
[1.1377167701721191]
[0.11479469388723373]
[6.512688636779785]
[0.686485767364502]
[0.08047521859407425]
[0.3326781094074249]
[1.3453549146652222]
[0.11185066401958466]
[0.8129144906997681]
[10.394969940185547]
[5.130070209503174]
[0.19518452882766724]
[0.7065925598144531]
[0.1184220239520073]
[0.11971420049667358]
[5.032726287841797]
[3.410085678100586]
[0.21906735002994537]
[0.264516681432724]
[842.4810180664062]
[0.1258305311203003]
[0.13701149821281433]
[17.39021110534668]
[1.2803120613098145]
[0.907977283000946]
[30.193950653076172]
[2.389862537384033]
[0.1830841302871704]
[0.1288914531469345]
[9.291232109069824]
[1.882206916809082]
[0.24708084762096405]
[3.579043388366699]
[0.6877921223640442]
[1.4124149084091187]
[0.2857331931591034]
[0.10868467390537262]
[3.348944902420044]
[0.1911386251449585]
[4.631834983825684]
[9.008325576782227]
[25.874675750732422]
[4.486548900604248]
[13.462018013000488]
[0.14509811997413635]
[3.4735214710235596]
[3.053622245788574]
[0.2142047882080078]
[5.616118907928467]
[190.8744354248047]
[5.497153282165527]
[5.365744590759277]
[1.9452099800109863]
[0.45741862058639526]
[12.522586822509766]
[1.6088957786560059]
[0.8855143785476685]
[0.23650270700454712]
[8.527112007141113]
[1.589285135269165]
[9.59170150756836]
[1.3446627855300903]
[0.24599668383598328]
[2.352501153945923]
[2.5608911514282227]
[0.2604401409626007]
[2.0634255409240723]
[0.20362073183059692]
[0.28680798411369324]
[2.7121284008026123]
[1.9100903272628784]
[0.7570365071296692]
[3.562697410583496]
[0.42565661668777466]
[2.152235507965088]
[0.7152955532073975]
[0.16481290757656097]
[0.47018539905548096]
[2.6062400341033936]
[0.21998222172260284]
[2.671010732650757]
[2.8735475540161133]
[0.7652361392974854]
[1.6400086879730225]
[3.589054584503174]
[10.257097244262695]
[0.19057056307792664]
[0.6137391924858093]
[10.21692180633545]
[0.4637182354927063]
[0.8950939178466797]
[10.175036430358887]
[13.861993789672852]
[0.43883851170539856]
[1.385635256767273]
[230.9428253173828]
[0.7568138241767883]
[0.5425369143486023]
[0.2801814079284668]
[0.3176995515823364]
[4.757304668426514]
[8.842373847961426]
[2.6465134620666504]
[0.22494620084762573]
[2.2569894790649414]
[8.462295532226562]
[1.1438900232315063]
[8.32498550415039]
[0.30492404103279114]
[0.934935986995697]
[1.6619458198547363]
[108.07164764404297]
[1.4519946575164795]
[0.322981595993042]
[1.2342747449874878]
[0.40618762373924255]
[3.8167386054992676]
[0.38508978486061096]
[7.656312465667725]
[0.29855507612228394]
[0.8207049369812012]
[18.160816192626953]
[1.2753262519836426]
[0.2338215857744217]
[0.20140786468982697]
[0.1342189460992813]
[3.443174362182617]
[0.7864338755607605]
[0.9057490825653076]
[28.82282257080078]
[0.3326776623725891]
[12.937732696533203]
[1.399113416671753]
[0.14957541227340698]
[3.659010648727417]
[3.0368340015411377]
[9.111189842224121]
[1.0756926536560059]
[0.2559886872768402]
[1.096255898475647]
[3.41023325920105]
[1.5235923528671265]
[3.183366060256958]
[0.5945131778717041]
[0.4465562701225281]
[2.459653377532959]
[0.6267407536506653]
[0.7504799365997314]
[0.26375943422317505]
[1.4103132486343384]
[293.2983703613281]
[1.8843989372253418]
[0.49489229917526245]
[1.0694081783294678]
[1.3430193662643433]
[1.9372239112854004]
[1.2392507791519165]
[0.22216938436031342]
[0.14531154930591583]
[0.3087223172187805]
[21.860218048095703]
[0.16516904532909393]
[1.5417697429656982]
[3.2209222316741943]
[10.475298881530762]
[1.6145927906036377]
[0.9882186651229858]
[0.26161912083625793]
[1.106217622756958]
[5.544858455657959]
[2.085857629776001]
[0.07811664044857025]
[1.484053373336792]
[1.2499706745147705]
[905.1947021484375]
[1.1421831846237183]
[4.703285217285156]
[0.4427739083766937]
[1.4586235284805298]
[1.5776294469833374]
[2.689964532852173]
[0.25298652052879333]
[0.4748596251010895]
[1.5774719715118408]
[5.54390811920166]
[1.3592103719711304]
[0.7343757748603821]
[0.4149073660373688]
[0.33484122157096863]
[6.708446025848389]
[0.8476390838623047]
[0.820858359336853]
[4.856003284454346]
[1.281602144241333]
[1.9593600034713745]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.9810590744018555]
[1.1279842853546143]
[0.6051425337791443]
[1.1712844371795654]
[0.7591590881347656]
[9.287751197814941]
[0.8042564988136292]
[3.5426483154296875]
[3.1603448390960693]
[0.8177970051765442]
[0.38870352506637573]
[1.3604769706726074]
[0.4654262661933899]
[1.7112693786621094]
[0.2951253354549408]
[0.255099892616272]
[2.2212295532226562]
[0.7392752170562744]
[0.7795509099960327]
[2.9525270462036133]
[2.8979201316833496]
[0.4759981036186218]
[0.7135840654373169]
[1.9767413139343262]
[3.10689115524292]
[0.13592927157878876]
[4.69270133972168]
[1.494052529335022]
[1.2583106756210327]
[0.8949062824249268]
[1.11069917678833]
[0.7814532518386841]
[0.7611917853355408]
[0.48913833498954773]
[0.15194278955459595]
[6.8067145347595215]
[0.30647599697113037]
[0.4693838953971863]
[0.29880616068840027]
[0.31364890933036804]
[7.126306056976318]
[4.793531894683838]
[1.12104070186615]
[5.795147895812988]
[0.7497190833091736]
[0.43248072266578674]
[0.5960453152656555]
[1.1438688039779663]
[2.1219921112060547]
[0.2376432865858078]
[0.5368740558624268]
[0.5745639204978943]
[2.360992670059204]
[6.473004341125488]
[0.6656986474990845]
[0.2600032389163971]
[4.461611747741699]
[2.007331609725952]
[1.714362382888794]
[20.74622344970703]
[0.14494119584560394]
[43.99851608276367]
[0.1436617225408554]
[0.1431862711906433]
[3.0512495040893555]
[4.158177375793457]
[4.381402969360352]
[2.2630386352539062]
[0.4063253700733185]
[2.1886372566223145]
[0.6846632957458496]
[1.115606427192688]
[0.30168795585632324]
[0.7009827494621277]
[3.798616647720337]
[1.1403264999389648]
[0.20182383060455322]
[2.2217605113983154]
[202.79066467285156]
[4.996129035949707]
[0.29061636328697205]
[1.912115216255188]
[3.3261609077453613]
[0.2207067310810089]
[998.0745239257812]
[0.307206928730011]
[1.1861486434936523]
[3.0366907119750977]
[1.223431944847107]
[0.2967149019241333]
[0.29545557498931885]
[3.3462088108062744]
[0.4439549148082733]
[4.159318447113037]
[10.237138748168945]
[0.2635766267776489]
[2.342869281768799]
[0.6196550130844116]
[116.25853729248047]
[0.32634952664375305]
[16.05682373046875]
[2.974970817565918]
[0.3746998608112335]
[0.5867308974266052]
[0.2984684705734253]
[1.3552700281143188]
[6.935266017913818]
[1.3081979751586914]
[2.6244001388549805]
[5.343563079833984]
[0.08495883643627167]
[0.525800347328186]
[9.999439239501953]
[38.16025161743164]
[0.7394464015960693]
[0.28994515538215637]
[0.9839041829109192]
[0.17967571318149567]
[4.622192859649658]
[762.2857055664062]
[0.1254202425479889]
[0.15274597704410553]
[0.840363621711731]
[1.237159252166748]
[0.4898374676704407]
[0.7241443395614624]
[0.6609591841697693]
[0.7763832807540894]
[3.8938651084899902]
[1.2816013097763062]
[2.143095016479492]
[0.9471184611320496]
[1.56048583984375]
[8.56450080871582]
[8.968680381774902]
[3.614663600921631]
[0.4523645341396332]
[1.1522995233535767]
[5.58120059967041]
[0.37810078263282776]
[1.002824306488037]
[0.15309745073318481]
[2.4267823696136475]
[3.3356237411499023]
[2.301820993423462]
[0.5011308193206787]
[0.30090150237083435]
[0.26951900124549866]
[1.1798659563064575]
[4.0748820304870605]
[0.3344847559928894]
[1.1461657285690308]
[1.3867993354797363]
[2.3445448875427246]
[19.401187896728516]
[4.469457626342773]
[1.8707263469696045]
[0.3834439814090729]
[1.3204584121704102]
[1.0240964889526367]
[1.492703914642334]
[0.5192703604698181]
[3.640777826309204]
[1.1683757305145264]
[1.3993030786514282]
[0.1764465868473053]
[0.9491755962371826]
[0.09702882170677185]
[8.65030574798584]
[1.0363073348999023]
[358.2195739746094]
[3.488877058029175]
[0.8732105493545532]
[0.538867175579071]
[0.47207263112068176]
[2.22799015045166]
[0.2701675593852997]
[1.1369576454162598]
[1.6048721075057983]
[0.9709891676902771]
[1.4956414699554443]
[4.910155773162842]
[0.6039871573448181]
[4.619070053100586]
[0.9683557748794556]
[0.49155017733573914]
[0.2887246608734131]
[1.9179110527038574]
[2.137082815170288]
[3.5888166427612305]
[4.723910331726074]
[0.4798771142959595]
[1.11085045337677]
[3.5921149253845215]
[8.672271728515625]
[1.4429986476898193]
[1.132114052772522]
[0.6526840329170227]
[0.5529813170433044]
[0.6577023267745972]
[0.28250759840011597]
[0.619504451751709]
[1.0434951782226562]
[1.41239595413208]
[7.040583610534668]
[0.6509020328521729]
[0.39736253023147583]
[0.3910386264324188]
[0.5912175178527832]
[5.151062488555908]
[0.22180241346359253]
[0.9058186411857605]
[3.1562445163726807]
[0.8949965834617615]
[3.0291244983673096]
[16.268259048461914]
[1.2057451009750366]
[4.623659610748291]
[2.4600255489349365]
[0.3758190870285034]
[3.129054307937622]
[0.36594948172569275]
[0.378005713224411]
[0.10412833839654922]
[0.2765234112739563]
[0.37367212772369385]
[0.11165960133075714]
[4.3632097244262695]
[0.6524540185928345]
[3.319431781768799]
[0.32539281249046326]
[2.3505797386169434]
[0.9920825958251953]
[1.2112065553665161]
[0.5894581079483032]
[0.7057701945304871]
[0.7201605439186096]
[0.7299473285675049]
[0.4946478307247162]
[0.2909572720527649]
[0.9534049034118652]
[0.10856249928474426]
[0.27783167362213135]
[0.2045285403728485]
[0.24202027916908264]
[0.5544177889823914]
[0.9915003776550293]
[0.27720052003860474]
[0.41401344537734985]
[3.3498260974884033]
[0.5785579085350037]
[0.8598188161849976]
[1.0327205657958984]
[0.9067012071609497]
[1.6882133483886719]
[0.19889028370380402]
[6.069335460662842]
[0.7822834849357605]
[2.253667116165161]
[2.083967447280884]
[0.19835500419139862]
[1.5014132261276245]
[0.9390536546707153]
[2.305302858352661]
[0.44151076674461365]
[9.015846252441406]
[202.33914184570312]
[11.517507553100586]
[1.868709921836853]
[0.7123759984970093]
[8.349992752075195]
[0.8617458939552307]
[2.0021719932556152]
[0.32789742946624756]
[0.8848735094070435]
[0.23234832286834717]
[0.31417685747146606]
[1.8291763067245483]
[1.355677843093872]
[0.9323076605796814]
[0.24813276529312134]
[1.7513736486434937]
[2.8759591579437256]
[19.760723114013672]
[0.5028199553489685]
[0.200541153550148]
[0.43543297052383423]
[0.6331508755683899]
[1.032286286354065]
[1.575721025466919]
[1.022057294845581]
[1.4149298667907715]
[0.3395543694496155]
[0.5540762543678284]
[0.34650570154190063]
[0.5537722706794739]
[0.5039017796516418]
[0.16499340534210205]
[2.8724944591522217]
[6.8976287841796875]
[3.871145725250244]
[1.617040991783142]
[0.23984535038471222]
[6.671539783477783]
[0.8083397746086121]
[0.35933926701545715]
[0.40824565291404724]
[0.25375261902809143]
[0.5578683614730835]
[0.4694715142250061]
[0.23680052161216736]
[0.4568285346031189]
[0.3751586675643921]
[0.2271931767463684]
[0.8567094206809998]
[4.611247539520264]
[0.3698362410068512]
[284.4393005371094]
[2.847231149673462]
[0.1187901720404625]
[0.3592914938926697]
[1.4317976236343384]
[0.1806555539369583]
[0.606926679611206]
[1.1829118728637695]
[0.2221386581659317]
[0.40220436453819275]
[1.9534648656845093]
[4.476846694946289]
[1.020910620689392]
[0.517500102519989]
[0.23968586325645447]
[0.2416108101606369]
[1.973290205001831]
[0.7722649574279785]
[3.9222347736358643]
[0.5861952900886536]
[1.7309712171554565]
[1.1358104944229126]
[0.17118680477142334]
[1.7318423986434937]
[0.1925952285528183]
[0.6208568811416626]
[292.145751953125]
[0.6070598363876343]
[2.054044246673584]
[0.7801715731620789]
[0.7759578227996826]
[4.350035190582275]
[55.497108459472656]
[1.3104852437973022]
[0.2101908177137375]
[1.994888186454773]
[0.44256722927093506]
[47.423828125]
[0.49035853147506714]
[0.5606185793876648]
[0.4460975229740143]
[0.659466564655304]
[0.5947585105895996]
[1.6354990005493164]
[2.428673267364502]
[1.1350524425506592]
[0.5550622344017029]
[5.6355767250061035]
[4.297566890716553]
[2.1271233558654785]
[0.3289821743965149]
[1.4003310203552246]
[4.714374542236328]
[1.3657931089401245]
[5.001589298248291]
[51.112548828125]
[0.4274408221244812]
[4.527662754058838]
[0.3876499533653259]
[0.11859295517206192]
[0.6525399088859558]
[1.1117384433746338]
[3.8764045238494873]
[0.33519354462623596]
[7.858179092407227]
[1.0265220403671265]
[6.530698776245117]
[1.867501974105835]
[0.8637254238128662]
[0.3086916506290436]
[0.09264247864484787]
[1.1696043014526367]
[0.29063498973846436]
[360.240234375]
[2.0868911743164062]
[0.2615090310573578]
[2.3812508583068848]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.35906800627708435]
[0.9888966083526611]
[0.22779320180416107]
[2.0945661067962646]
[4.008172988891602]
[1.4334149360656738]
[1.2802473306655884]
[1.862864375114441]
[1.6819158792495728]
[0.6748376488685608]
[0.6247838139533997]
[690.5115356445312]
[5.083041191101074]
[1.4339224100112915]
[0.7730036973953247]
[1.344556450843811]
[0.5910285711288452]
[0.7121571898460388]
[0.7583441138267517]
[15.549633026123047]
[2.674729824066162]
[0.21773011982440948]
[2.456981897354126]
[0.6863305568695068]
[0.26903972029685974]
[2.9793126583099365]
[0.15809068083763123]
[2.649495840072632]
[0.41303253173828125]
[0.2957265377044678]
[0.6672880053520203]
[0.2163531333208084]
[0.6054332256317139]
[0.2538476288318634]
[6.7335124015808105]
[17.315465927124023]
[0.24944467842578888]
[4.208455562591553]
[0.5059463977813721]
[1.5435383319854736]
[0.5518653988838196]
[0.07010671496391296]
[10.406899452209473]
[4.2898054122924805]
[2.474519729614258]
[0.9038574695587158]
[4.72596549987793]
[0.21527966856956482]
[7.216753005981445]
[3.4302797317504883]
[1.1142805814743042]
[5.8557233810424805]
[0.24286282062530518]
[0.36522048711776733]
[2.5185999870300293]
[1.2976890802383423]
[4.493696689605713]
[0.8122275471687317]
[0.4685552716255188]
[0.7315995693206787]
[0.8316810131072998]
[0.4090787470340729]
[3.373757839202881]
[2.4911017417907715]
[0.22246204316616058]
[1.659546971321106]
[1.5061180591583252]
[3.1310946941375732]
[0.6413445472717285]
[0.9250337481498718]
[0.339334636926651]
[0.1789272278547287]
[1.0744465589523315]
[0.195936381816864]
[0.285191148519516]
[0.4450634717941284]
[0.31700655817985535]
[0.9000887870788574]
[0.40413299202919006]
[0.23600280284881592]
[1.3025517463684082]
[0.44973069429397583]
[0.7041940093040466]
[0.3485279083251953]
[10.22692584991455]
[0.8442612290382385]
[0.9913015961647034]
[0.46920883655548096]
[0.8304750919342041]
[8.842412948608398]
[0.731151819229126]
[1.3946750164031982]
[2.0378100872039795]
[121.25017547607422]
[0.8229606747627258]
[9.134153366088867]
[0.48212799429893494]
[0.062122032046318054]
[0.12328393757343292]
[0.23225146532058716]
[0.5212181806564331]
[0.3680056631565094]
[0.7617995738983154]
[0.10246920585632324]
[0.2832354009151459]
[11.765795707702637]
[0.4129970073699951]
[0.7217978835105896]
[0.2848772704601288]
[0.4560934901237488]
[0.09733112156391144]
[0.776536762714386]
[0.9305206537246704]
[0.22883836925029755]
[0.8403841257095337]
[0.7909060120582581]
[0.4707838296890259]
[0.8809834122657776]
[2.538888931274414]
[2.6207468509674072]
[0.3508913516998291]
[2.9112966060638428]
[1.2772555351257324]
[0.36789625883102417]
[0.31798693537712097]
[0.15107469260692596]
[0.9832538366317749]
[0.857227623462677]
[2.7354238033294678]
[0.5442797541618347]
[0.6667138934135437]
[1.0600693225860596]
[2.5632991790771484]
[1.604036808013916]
[1.4490885734558105]
[0.7039195895195007]
[1.9568235874176025]
[2.062629461288452]
[1.7982341051101685]
[0.4251636564731598]
[0.3306538462638855]
[0.6763298511505127]
[0.7705206274986267]
[5.9857001304626465]
[0.6657245755195618]
[0.7836467027664185]
[0.31942158937454224]
[0.506441593170166]
[0.6591432094573975]
[0.19373206794261932]
[0.28127095103263855]
[0.2592211067676544]
[0.811130166053772]
[1.4313745498657227]
[0.8303186297416687]
[0.06313930451869965]
[0.5000585913658142]
[0.09595455974340439]
[0.8269738554954529]
[0.22307832539081573]
[0.4646837115287781]
[1.0384624004364014]
[3.518904685974121]
[0.19258254766464233]
[0.8273341655731201]
[0.6646981239318848]
[0.4749453067779541]
[580.2185668945312]
[0.534680962562561]
[0.06904532760381699]
[1.843409538269043]
[0.46594515442848206]
[0.9347066283226013]
[2.6199653148651123]
[1.193705439567566]
[1.309533715248108]
[0.6451330780982971]
[0.18154723942279816]
[0.24478280544281006]
[15.974471092224121]
[8.498196601867676]
[367.9752197265625]
[2.036597967147827]
[2.1970322132110596]
[0.2977292239665985]
[0.866737961769104]
[0.6214228272438049]
[0.6578584909439087]
[2.6724555492401123]
[0.5619606971740723]
[0.12473583221435547]
[1.135046124458313]
[9.842187881469727]
[0.13639263808727264]
[2.4060487747192383]
[1.0212790966033936]
[8.854959487915039]
[0.43973395228385925]
[0.16537654399871826]
[2.462764024734497]
[2.8609161376953125]
[0.39215877652168274]
[0.2914210259914398]
[0.6482824087142944]
[1.563565731048584]
[2.8239383697509766]
[0.2190627157688141]
[1.0254123210906982]
[0.3740362823009491]
[1.6168768405914307]
[0.6560060977935791]
[0.6065406799316406]
[7.484316349029541]
[0.22121897339820862]
[16.2720947265625]
[0.2361956536769867]
[0.2921011745929718]
[0.08391203731298447]
[2.471339464187622]
[0.8092836737632751]
[3.329134225845337]
[1.9756605625152588]
[0.11879036575555801]
[4.353723049163818]
[0.28208088874816895]
[0.08295301347970963]
[0.5690129995346069]
[2.2602341175079346]
[0.7349838018417358]
[1.859657645225525]
[0.7443251609802246]
[3.3704798221588135]
[0.6469132900238037]
[0.3781481981277466]
[0.4266260862350464]
[1.1579829454421997]
[0.1843160092830658]
[2.2703440189361572]
[0.8981021642684937]
[0.1340225338935852]
[0.29466307163238525]
[0.3851583003997803]
[6.550233364105225]
[0.8769364953041077]
[0.11487144231796265]
[0.24913126230239868]
[0.11729182302951813]
[0.11408068984746933]
[1.2376104593276978]
[0.7343260049819946]
[0.6476996541023254]
[0.5297417044639587]
[0.8633100986480713]
[1.2975974082946777]
[0.3412257730960846]
[1.0005409717559814]
[0.6463093757629395]
[0.29703089594841003]
[0.8418563604354858]
[0.11322431266307831]
[0.8368030786514282]
[0.9586912393569946]
[0.28938060998916626]
[0.14823129773139954]
[474.0843811035156]
[0.2241763323545456]
[9.682140350341797]
[0.5799790024757385]
[1.8636889457702637]
[0.27490779757499695]
[0.9284412860870361]
[0.7095124125480652]
[4.554481029510498]
[5.263679027557373]
[1.881968379020691]
[0.23066134750843048]
[1.9247764348983765]
[69.7324447631836]
[0.47528064250946045]
[0.9930214881896973]
[0.8307562470436096]
[6.8557233810424805]
[1.9792120456695557]
[3.9184787273406982]
[1.890657663345337]
[2.0864830017089844]
[29.972944259643555]
[0.6213456988334656]
[2.193589687347412]
[0.7342820763587952]
[3.384117364883423]
[0.2139090597629547]
[0.18261434137821198]
[0.5608064532279968]
[1.2356278896331787]
[0.9808445572853088]
[52.31959533691406]
[0.5100178718566895]
[0.5384974479675293]
[0.8348822593688965]
[0.6281341314315796]
[0.7701483368873596]
[2.506803274154663]
[1.336044430732727]
[2.47451114654541]
[0.31775376200675964]
[3.9725818634033203]
[2.2363815307617188]
[2.1630804538726807]
[0.9936820864677429]
[0.30504825711250305]
[4.32388162612915]
[9.461609840393066]
[0.4334351718425751]
[1.1205083131790161]
[7.087912559509277]
[0.8774104118347168]
[0.15500132739543915]
[0.3115682899951935]
[0.16250352561473846]
[1.2713831663131714]
[0.18771526217460632]
[0.4253530502319336]
[1.0175973176956177]
[1.1199277639389038]
[0.7325013875961304]
[0.2028660923242569]
[7.220188140869141]
[0.41445863246917725]
[0.604457676410675]
[0.36030811071395874]
[144.9702911376953]
[196.82032775878906]
[4.068565845489502]
[2.0685505867004395]
[0.42218634486198425]
[0.942637026309967]
[1.070693850517273]
[0.8332478404045105]
[0.6247955560684204]
[1.4589520692825317]
[6.318185806274414]
[0.6189669370651245]
[6.441484451293945]
[1.1495943069458008]
[0.22463513910770416]
[0.2080976665019989]
[114.09455871582031]
[0.7536225914955139]
[1.2626718282699585]
[1.354475736618042]
[5.886605739593506]
[15.270341873168945]
[3.0856213569641113]
[0.6849044561386108]
[0.3477216064929962]
[0.6153042316436768]
[1.4312554597854614]
[1.0124791860580444]
[1.2252254486083984]
[1.117955207824707]
[4.2371368408203125]
[0.5073816776275635]
[0.3836525082588196]
[0.0924370214343071]
[0.27226635813713074]
[0.38451477885246277]
[1.921897530555725]
[0.8266856670379639]
[6.0466485023498535]
[9.164995193481445]
[0.7720645070075989]
[2.223956823348999]
[1.1868435144424438]
[0.4708382487297058]
[0.5280792713165283]
[3.359476089477539]
[0.25124913454055786]
[1.723513126373291]
[0.13415488600730896]
[0.2967655658721924]
[0.6865547895431519]
[0.5844642519950867]
[0.6604965329170227]
[3.5066404342651367]
[1.6955375671386719]
[0.35451021790504456]
[0.6709346175193787]
[12.236128807067871]
[2.544100761413574]
[0.6011989712715149]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.5126991868019104]
[0.4055332839488983]
[0.403453528881073]
[0.3486573100090027]
[0.7693966627120972]
[0.3544258177280426]
[0.3175067603588104]
[0.5703588128089905]
[2.3914756774902344]
[1.5082228183746338]
[0.986825168132782]
[1.9462685585021973]
[0.47030916810035706]
[2.955383539199829]
[0.25951525568962097]
[0.8774209022521973]
[2.2474465370178223]
[0.48323944211006165]
[0.2962389588356018]
[1.2561049461364746]
[0.15096662938594818]
[0.9844412803649902]
[1.972773790359497]
[0.3314582407474518]
[0.481438547372818]
[0.6637123823165894]
[40.950252532958984]
[2.459115982055664]
[0.43459370732307434]
[1.505177617073059]
[0.9514858722686768]
[4.523052215576172]
[1.3429418802261353]
[0.5194982886314392]
[1.018428087234497]
[1.0630074739456177]
[3.4633426666259766]
[4.143507480621338]
[0.5472409725189209]
[0.2163373976945877]
[5.463191509246826]
[0.20534461736679077]
[2.2909860610961914]
[24.74591636657715]
[2.495333671569824]
[1.2215652465820312]
[0.13545842468738556]
[10.460705757141113]
[0.2661568522453308]
[0.6505810022354126]
[1.2329977750778198]
[1.9768110513687134]
[3.1117022037506104]
[0.7794461846351624]
[0.5993974208831787]
[0.46501246094703674]
[1.366620659828186]
[12.995736122131348]
[0.2869766056537628]
[1.5001170635223389]
[1.4584919214248657]
[0.35768765211105347]
[0.5121945738792419]
[1.4929304122924805]
[0.7624179124832153]
[0.27178823947906494]
[0.10011418163776398]
[0.6335667967796326]
[3.3463213443756104]
[0.5878286361694336]
[4.301701545715332]
[0.6554995179176331]
[0.7750791311264038]
[0.2290254384279251]
[0.3485589921474457]
[0.5444309711456299]
[5.968641757965088]
[2.6193783283233643]
[0.34582415223121643]
[0.5344527363777161]
[0.9529302716255188]
[0.061529841274023056]
[0.3444715440273285]
[0.6390516757965088]
[2.7965378761291504]
[2.573882818222046]
[0.7379123568534851]
[0.3419094979763031]
[1.14423406124115]
[18.76215362548828]
[0.2310444712638855]
[0.079300157725811]
[4.303729057312012]
[0.5235738754272461]
[7.527300834655762]
[0.45326393842697144]
[3.4278764724731445]
[0.3527941107749939]
[0.19709578156471252]
[0.5280965566635132]
[1.2987298965454102]
[2.821242094039917]
[0.30320531129837036]
[2.7134575843811035]
[5.630115985870361]
[0.2885791063308716]
[0.6734700798988342]
[0.8611456155776978]
[0.44279515743255615]
[0.26061442494392395]
[226.61953735351562]
[11.474279403686523]
[0.6146368384361267]
[3.7571709156036377]
[0.22630392014980316]
[0.20509883761405945]
[1.6944546699523926]
[0.4329761266708374]
[0.6782251000404358]
[0.20888592302799225]
[0.4247032403945923]
[1.3511613607406616]
[1.1162525415420532]
[0.2204476296901703]
[0.21912389993667603]
[1.944187045097351]
[1.6441795825958252]
[1.0349127054214478]
[0.4988565444946289]
[49.947566986083984]
[6.477000713348389]
[18.273963928222656]
[1.645661473274231]
[0.3805384039878845]
[1.6532797813415527]
[0.0763191282749176]
[0.6852609515190125]
[0.19590240716934204]
[0.21931453049182892]
[0.2999120056629181]
[0.2913626432418823]
[0.16729053854942322]
[1.5824579000473022]
[2.285463809967041]
[0.18648172914981842]
[0.33064842224121094]
[0.3549595773220062]
[0.8042021989822388]
[0.4291492700576782]
[2.793769598007202]
[0.766893744468689]
[3.7704010009765625]
[0.13556113839149475]
[1133.8104248046875]
[0.7208770513534546]
[0.9487359523773193]
[0.2552848756313324]
[0.9513110518455505]
[0.10283520072698593]
[1.9750698804855347]
[1.3276678323745728]
[2.9259369373321533]
[4.477259635925293]
[0.41855835914611816]
[8.339544296264648]
[3.4710214138031006]
[3.9389967918395996]
[0.427165687084198]
[9.822138786315918]
[10.140326499938965]
[3.33150577545166]
[0.4664989709854126]
[2.1437783241271973]
[8.619223594665527]
[14.749151229858398]
[18.12098503112793]
[2.472581148147583]
[4.144479751586914]
[1.1288228034973145]
[1.8091404438018799]
[0.7639239430427551]
[2121.89892578125]
[0.21707336604595184]
[2.245635509490967]
[4.723801612854004]
[2.1142852306365967]
[65.94677734375]
[0.350188285112381]
[2.8852949142456055]
[3.8287513256073]
[1.4782273769378662]
[0.3244486153125763]
[1.0385370254516602]
[0.9260135889053345]
[1.525953769683838]
[94.18244171142578]
[0.7588489055633545]
[5.192686557769775]
[3.4638736248016357]
[1.924552321434021]
[0.6620739102363586]
[1.0686919689178467]
[0.11990999430418015]
[3.2254199981689453]
[0.5726877450942993]
[0.4054603576660156]
[0.436989963054657]
[1.374989628791809]
[2.8851349353790283]
[0.3022494614124298]
[3.5209927558898926]
[1.0209248065948486]
[1.4406472444534302]
[0.5190266966819763]
[3.4812676906585693]
[0.501386284828186]
[20.34789276123047]
[0.7064427137374878]
[0.2863111197948456]
[0.47293800115585327]
[0.12661530077457428]
[1.972399115562439]
[1.3562361001968384]
[276.1694030761719]
[1.14866304397583]
[5814.41455078125]
[0.8118577599525452]
[0.3779440224170685]
[2.071779251098633]
[47.674827575683594]
[66.8752212524414]
[4.006440162658691]
[0.2104644924402237]
[1.1897448301315308]
[0.3614112436771393]
[830.3370971679688]
[6.451387405395508]
[1.381576418876648]
[18.62247657775879]
[0.4165460467338562]
[640.19140625]
[0.7680630683898926]
[0.36315661668777466]
[5.262977123260498]
[0.6788992285728455]
[5.288266658782959]
[4.1144208908081055]
[0.8647823929786682]
[0.7150612473487854]
[0.8305124044418335]
[0.8959460258483887]
[0.8717994689941406]
[0.8429227471351624]
[1.6058526039123535]
[0.3066287338733673]
[18.361467361450195]
[4.431622505187988]
[3.8930861949920654]
[0.3244457542896271]
[72.97450256347656]
[36.24534225463867]
[0.19355249404907227]
[1.05120849609375]
[0.3914622962474823]
[2.070251226425171]
[0.6241645812988281]
[1.6497341394424438]
[0.7874813079833984]
[0.9581146836280823]
[0.32363975048065186]
[2.3917672634124756]
[2.31150484085083]
[0.42315101623535156]
[7.957110404968262]
[2.341273546218872]
[0.5480992794036865]
[0.17860980331897736]
[1.4427701234817505]
[0.5630824565887451]
[0.32549938559532166]
[0.06483632326126099]
[0.7743604779243469]
[0.39253339171409607]
[0.15204551815986633]
[1.595003604888916]
[2.530182123184204]
[0.1956334263086319]
[0.300058513879776]
[1.4810400009155273]
[2.6081838607788086]
[0.7753042578697205]
[1.1305592060089111]
[0.47002315521240234]
[240.00244140625]
[0.2320001721382141]
[0.5013570189476013]
[4.738948345184326]
[2.3563244342803955]
[0.40076959133148193]
[2.504361867904663]
[0.38322746753692627]
[0.44126376509666443]
[1.6277891397476196]
[1.9366364479064941]
[1.087327480316162]
[0.7159650325775146]
[0.8948282599449158]
[0.7038295865058899]
[0.11480474472045898]
[1.125773310661316]
[2.4315414428710938]
[0.2904996871948242]
[0.5901475548744202]
[1.5810246467590332]
[0.7770059108734131]
[0.16147850453853607]
[1.921812891960144]
[0.6271305084228516]
[4.376194953918457]
[5.538469314575195]
[0.39694127440452576]
[0.15900948643684387]
[0.23599177598953247]
[0.2632458806037903]
[0.3528711199760437]
[0.24765697121620178]
[0.5408947467803955]
[0.9678417444229126]
[0.10752023756504059]
[1.0140042304992676]
[0.5727975964546204]
[0.17355121672153473]
[0.3401668667793274]
[1.4412240982055664]
[0.5627273321151733]
[0.3696604073047638]
[1.2729464769363403]
[0.3570934236049652]
[1.5676976442337036]
[0.4475570321083069]
[2.274876356124878]
[2.3422722816467285]
[0.6977331042289734]
[4.436074733734131]
[0.08575279265642166]
[0.3744559586048126]
[0.11650075763463974]
[0.8563068509101868]
[0.43799811601638794]
[1.780652642250061]
[0.41711342334747314]
[1.6545108556747437]
[0.3570248782634735]
[0.3654150664806366]
[0.13522793352603912]
[0.3486102819442749]
[0.24463504552841187]
[0.07712163031101227]
[0.38124141097068787]
[0.6509642601013184]
[0.33533787727355957]
[1.0302469730377197]
[0.41021111607551575]
[3.411343574523926]
[0.7326592803001404]
[0.07629063725471497]
[0.10891301184892654]
[0.3669181764125824]
[0.0968327447772026]
[0.40433254837989807]
[0.10634145885705948]
[0.904547929763794]
[1.9397914409637451]
[0.4743853509426117]
[0.5974332094192505]
[1.441191554069519]
[0.24413621425628662]
[0.5807826519012451]
[0.5163463950157166]
[0.4028208255767822]
[1.3422883749008179]
[0.18523834645748138]
[1.6648515462875366]
[6.120344161987305]
[0.30548807978630066]
[0.35544154047966003]
[0.5085282325744629]
[0.9316480159759521]
[0.5526813864707947]
[1.3782199621200562]
[0.1613360196352005]
[0.2299089878797531]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.06634216755628586]
[0.06247527152299881]
[0.22579342126846313]
[0.34730494022369385]
[0.2269555628299713]
[1.071266531944275]
[50.545509338378906]
[2.534083366394043]
[1.8522963523864746]
[1.141136884689331]
[0.5763400197029114]
[0.3878001868724823]
[0.41201138496398926]
[0.18488283455371857]
[0.7385569214820862]
[4.476104259490967]
[15.68880844116211]
[0.17622701823711395]
[0.3785611391067505]
[0.12630558013916016]
[0.38655298948287964]
[1.0212671756744385]
[5.626663684844971]
[4529.83642578125]
[2.2341976165771484]
[0.5982719659805298]
[1.277103304862976]
[0.8282321095466614]
[0.7896212935447693]
[0.5556862354278564]
[5.630270004272461]
[78.4084243774414]
[2.4391732215881348]
[1.6518771648406982]
[2.6505343914031982]
[15.913646697998047]
[2.299023389816284]
[3.6040329933166504]
[17.98724937438965]
[3.5419974327087402]
[0.6507285237312317]
[3.2875986099243164]
[0.6072131991386414]
[4.499651908874512]
[1.208534836769104]
[2914.593017578125]
[10.038049697875977]
[8.39766788482666]
[0.23616747558116913]
[0.3727046847343445]
[12.443214416503906]
[3025.496337890625]
[0.5740225315093994]
[1.4839043617248535]
[3.029229164123535]
[2.1592066287994385]
[0.7139595150947571]
[0.7080954909324646]
[0.4922752380371094]
[0.725182056427002]
[0.23802779614925385]
[0.7360736727714539]
[0.6183605194091797]
[1.3161811828613281]
[6.404428482055664]
[0.838764488697052]
[1.9864922761917114]
[74.03913879394531]
[0.12303037941455841]
[5.118220329284668]
[3.8209872245788574]
[2.2898964881896973]
[0.2510940432548523]
[3.858293056488037]
[4.548867702484131]
[0.1158800795674324]
[0.7323771715164185]
[1.7849229574203491]
[0.6452192068099976]
[0.5650961995124817]
[54.374427795410156]
[2.966284990310669]
[4.795775413513184]
[1.407870888710022]
[1.665224552154541]
[6.52292537689209]
[0.172470360994339]
[0.8774094581604004]
[0.3510324954986572]
[0.5762612819671631]
[1.7400693893432617]
[0.8713700175285339]
[4.9285197257995605]
[3.1651766300201416]
[7.4763360023498535]
[4.613226890563965]
[1.1788092851638794]
[2.7511234283447266]
[0.35193943977355957]
[6.8888044357299805]
[0.7591502666473389]
[0.6845812797546387]
[10.585016250610352]
[2.9350392818450928]
[0.663448691368103]
[0.41451534628868103]
[0.7107606530189514]
[1.2616125345230103]
[0.7410076856613159]
[3.357731342315674]
[0.8458804488182068]
[1.2893904447555542]
[3.1427063941955566]
[0.240458145737648]
[4.918451309204102]
[0.663227379322052]
[1.4337153434753418]
[0.7490901350975037]
[0.9655302166938782]
[0.87054842710495]
[0.3467310667037964]
[2.7112619876861572]
[1.8107752799987793]
[0.7714491486549377]
[0.3585951328277588]
[3.2288811206817627]
[0.6878504157066345]
[0.12477569282054901]
[0.8242422342300415]
[0.40869903564453125]
[0.49456557631492615]
[0.11698222160339355]
[1.2348655462265015]
[0.14539876580238342]
[0.9526660442352295]
[0.5069363117218018]
[4.492212295532227]
[3.123417377471924]
[2.7102043628692627]
[0.408324658870697]
[0.10660631209611893]
[0.1149655357003212]
[0.6273114681243896]
[4.427641868591309]
[0.23660652339458466]
[0.44803524017333984]
[3.048182725906372]
[11.04380989074707]
[0.31377822160720825]
[1.6725581884384155]
[1.5023077726364136]
[0.8621814250946045]
[0.09085346013307571]
[0.47411513328552246]
[0.5109385848045349]
[1.5489100217819214]
[0.25649839639663696]
[0.31793758273124695]
[0.10585133731365204]
[0.4728088080883026]
[0.4440872073173523]
[2.038193702697754]
[0.25935986638069153]
[28.34528350830078]
[0.6831446886062622]
[0.5506837964057922]
[0.1518631875514984]
[0.426222562789917]
[1.1352159976959229]
[0.7334855794906616]
[0.41858211159706116]
[3173.1796875]
[0.06087791547179222]
[0.8757761120796204]
[0.4310237169265747]
[17.40178871154785]
[0.661847710609436]
[1.4017775058746338]
[0.06062208488583565]
[1.4297899007797241]
[0.43392375111579895]
[0.9733787775039673]
[8.038960456848145]
[2.217081308364868]
[5.123214244842529]
[0.5447892546653748]
[2.118716239929199]
[1.5075892210006714]
[23.448522567749023]
[1.9194552898406982]
[0.27462369203567505]
[3.8252806663513184]
[18.52302360534668]
[2.954920768737793]
[10.252959251403809]
[21.774744033813477]
[11.562553405761719]
[8.308560371398926]
[1.143768072128296]
[2.9582815170288086]
[2.719611406326294]
[8.72549819946289]
[3.323622703552246]
[2.1585493087768555]
[0.4859873056411743]
[2.6644861698150635]
[7.073098182678223]
[2.5685296058654785]
[0.5954300761222839]
[2.332169771194458]
[0.7370670437812805]
[0.14713193476200104]
[0.4059871435165405]
[2.3991641998291016]
[1.8172883987426758]
[0.5498258471488953]
[3.349921941757202]
[1.9167768955230713]
[1.028895616531372]
[4.8790974617004395]
[1.0682377815246582]
[8.390122413635254]
[5.297563076019287]
[4.368248462677002]
[1.1600090265274048]
[1.671575903892517]
[10.023466110229492]
[1.7975525856018066]
[0.2810423970222473]
[5.235856533050537]
[4.175412178039551]
[1.84141206741333]
[23.182453155517578]
[5.029964923858643]
[1.8845078945159912]
[11.643514633178711]
[0.06906400620937347]
[0.3158491253852844]
[10.667980194091797]
[0.37062573432922363]
[4.444464206695557]
[7.493770122528076]
[3.920963764190674]
[15.968066215515137]
[1.9896098375320435]
[1.6279711723327637]
[211.5607452392578]
[0.07329541444778442]
[1.7684212923049927]
[0.32287243008613586]
[72.0494613647461]
[3.4436028003692627]
[0.8152514696121216]
[0.2825484871864319]
[0.9337397217750549]
[3.4124538898468018]
[2.4711437225341797]
[3.593912124633789]
[5.403497219085693]
[0.4201691746711731]
[3.7294821739196777]
[0.0744846984744072]
[0.5023557543754578]
[0.694772481918335]
[0.9572800397872925]
[72.58110046386719]
[0.19566746056079865]
[4.184670448303223]
[0.07683432847261429]
[4.549586772918701]
[123.30058288574219]
[0.08934125304222107]
[0.7259497046470642]
[1.4271950721740723]
[0.22387157380580902]
[0.2804957628250122]
[4.189844131469727]
[12.724099159240723]
[0.6093898415565491]
[0.4338854253292084]
[2.77336049079895]
[5.3283233642578125]
[7.731715202331543]
[0.8969111442565918]
[0.2845858633518219]
[0.5487536787986755]
[0.12406358867883682]
[0.09660734981298447]
[0.4260137975215912]
[0.6367826461791992]
[4.34829044342041]
[0.14356453716754913]
[0.1285049319267273]
[0.44997939467430115]
[2.2694857120513916]
[0.12840047478675842]
[1.9551371335983276]
[0.2943584620952606]
[0.4735191762447357]
[0.3607357144355774]
[0.09773799031972885]
[0.3440447151660919]
[0.569782018661499]
[23.619962692260742]
[2.879807949066162]
[0.16030262410640717]
[1.0518364906311035]
[1.5142321586608887]
[0.38120993971824646]
[0.1648612767457962]
[0.7698677778244019]
[0.12766428291797638]
[0.36119499802589417]
[1.565872311592102]
[2.6050634384155273]
[1.24626886844635]
[3.8302133083343506]
[2320.11083984375]
[102.93115997314453]
[4.721581935882568]
[0.14334772527217865]
[0.3943723440170288]
[360.4404602050781]
[8.467848777770996]
[7.907137393951416]
[7.48220157623291]
[24.068700790405273]
[3.184353828430176]
[0.8304762840270996]
[1.5695048570632935]
[6.097357749938965]
[1.893295407295227]
[2.9994823932647705]
[81.79634094238281]
[6.072544097900391]
[26.597028732299805]
[2.2990221977233887]
[176.07485961914062]
[2.909432888031006]
[97.86605834960938]
[3.244964838027954]
[4.452953815460205]
[21.114370346069336]
[0.5290100574493408]
[0.9224321842193604]
[23.16580581665039]
[2.581465721130371]
[5.047467231750488]
[0.5117080807685852]
[21.553258895874023]
[0.25687485933303833]
[96.54895782470703]
[10.70865249633789]
[10.692181587219238]
[8.38272476196289]
[2.5830440521240234]
[0.11823421716690063]
[4.207743167877197]
[4.280402660369873]
[0.7408881187438965]
[0.7684267163276672]
[2.803518295288086]
[4.171508312225342]
[0.10302506387233734]
[15.247198104858398]
[0.467345654964447]
[0.5819563865661621]
[37.617855072021484]
[0.29115796089172363]
[2.4291555881500244]
[1.8946739435195923]
[0.27410703897476196]
[10.222101211547852]
[10.92236328125]
[4.887866020202637]
[3.320321559906006]
[0.14198985695838928]
[8.376999855041504]
[2.6046342849731445]
[2.0799856185913086]
[0.08847302198410034]
[0.901560366153717]
[9.072718620300293]
[2.7036352157592773]
[0.6050881147384644]
[0.8412004113197327]
[0.23747102916240692]
[0.7601028680801392]
[0.4599388539791107]
[0.3333548605442047]
[1.3481448888778687]
[0.44249871373176575]
[0.1487676054239273]
[0.1184280589222908]
[0.6767154932022095]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[7.3117146492004395]
[2.837836980819702]
[12.555373191833496]
[5.3253631591796875]
[1.6044740676879883]
[37.227474212646484]
[8.340526580810547]
[2.9151320457458496]
[1.8668293952941895]
[5.343905448913574]
[1.1234691143035889]
[0.5697678923606873]
[0.45949241518974304]
[0.6735069751739502]
[0.9127084612846375]
[1.1182843446731567]
[1.791172742843628]
[0.1013789251446724]
[1.7783585786819458]
[2.2136051654815674]
[176.57275390625]
[8.483036994934082]
[2.1644654273986816]
[2.7769317626953125]
[13.236339569091797]
[0.8683677911758423]
[0.6496900916099548]
[0.4310644268989563]
[0.833167314529419]
[0.14035870134830475]
[0.7655349969863892]
[0.1528501659631729]
[0.7695658802986145]
[0.24161121249198914]
[0.748146116733551]
[3.9924023151397705]
[0.9897475242614746]
[0.18073832988739014]
[0.7127954363822937]
[0.41555672883987427]
[5.096599578857422]
[3.8861541748046875]
[2.7525293827056885]
[1.0207220315933228]
[1.1040065288543701]
[0.8419976234436035]
[1.2558796405792236]
[0.15180319547653198]
[5.666785717010498]
[1.021589756011963]
[0.2701011598110199]
[0.13494758307933807]
[0.8457891941070557]
[1.7687145471572876]
[5.327730655670166]
[0.207938551902771]
[0.8486446142196655]
[4.6849493980407715]
[0.5683125853538513]
[6.267741680145264]
[0.1586853414773941]
[2.9986488819122314]
[119.65941619873047]
[0.40420758724212646]
[0.8900593519210815]
[0.31714892387390137]
[1.3390071392059326]
[1.6872198581695557]
[0.8912020325660706]
[0.08951681852340698]
[0.4948313534259796]
[0.9714846611022949]
[0.3776257336139679]
[6.236722946166992]
[0.4964420795440674]
[6.55007266998291]
[0.4105772376060486]
[0.2662009298801422]
[0.4341326653957367]
[0.24908363819122314]
[0.1393909603357315]
[17.455402374267578]
[0.17264384031295776]
[0.20388023555278778]
[0.32848966121673584]
[0.41857558488845825]
[0.05314035713672638]
[1.4761269092559814]
[0.25297364592552185]
[0.17664624750614166]
[0.7646163105964661]
[0.3785449266433716]
[0.38334906101226807]
[15.79481315612793]
[0.2940036952495575]
[3.958519220352173]
[3.146954298019409]
[1.2911170721054077]
[2.4394872188568115]
[2.7863831520080566]
[0.25296786427497864]
[6.176461219787598]
[2.8069281578063965]
[0.21887165307998657]
[0.054142989218235016]
[4.068274974822998]
[70.25113677978516]
[46.5948600769043]
[2.305161476135254]
[1.5269426107406616]
[0.11478981375694275]
[0.37661468982696533]
[2.38356876373291]
[12.056684494018555]
[0.2479718029499054]
[0.3812829852104187]
[6.033974647521973]
[2.03471302986145]
[1.4753795862197876]
[0.06558585911989212]
[0.21715688705444336]
[0.21676698327064514]
[0.146164208650589]
[0.156706303358078]
[0.15918058156967163]
[1.370391845703125]
[0.5856561064720154]
[0.31005406379699707]
[0.7293567657470703]
[2.8379485607147217]
[0.1813926100730896]
[0.1742938607931137]
[0.19779224693775177]
[0.4249066412448883]
[0.8027389049530029]
[1.9718388319015503]
[2.392091751098633]
[9.649003982543945]
[2.534881353378296]
[16.582538604736328]
[0.2169296145439148]
[0.2699180841445923]
[0.3963567316532135]
[0.5905015468597412]
[44.952308654785156]
[0.1033138558268547]
[0.33207130432128906]
[0.1056474968791008]
[2.027364730834961]
[0.3960210084915161]
[0.418826699256897]
[0.33210277557373047]
[0.45851242542266846]
[0.09512504935264587]
[0.11706198751926422]
[0.3327392637729645]
[0.20118223130702972]
[0.25403326749801636]
[0.13454820215702057]
[0.3566054403781891]
[0.11493578553199768]
[2.124239921569824]
[0.17798146605491638]
[0.11213234066963196]
[1.1826841831207275]
[0.4294281005859375]
[0.07582748681306839]
[3.060482978820801]
[0.27884459495544434]
[0.27422288060188293]
[0.48487088084220886]
[3.1287038326263428]
[0.5185680389404297]
[0.4316980242729187]
[0.1610926240682602]
[1.0732728242874146]
[30.89525604248047]
[0.20623621344566345]
[0.1023636907339096]
[0.6597049832344055]
[0.36968010663986206]
[1.7454633712768555]
[1.3957858085632324]
[5.193289279937744]
[0.09143755584955215]
[0.6297292709350586]
[1.1701425313949585]
[1.5815287828445435]
[0.2127663940191269]
[0.34277138113975525]
[0.3611595034599304]
[2.272810935974121]
[0.1905428171157837]
[2.6360466480255127]
[0.12214664369821548]
[1.2162567377090454]
[2.3949148654937744]
[0.14736779034137726]
[0.7530245780944824]
[0.22213052213191986]
[0.0915931910276413]
[0.4600888192653656]
[0.38865038752555847]
[0.35401400923728943]
[0.36100634932518005]
[0.13545165956020355]
[0.14122150838375092]
[5.1330413818359375]
[0.7780385613441467]
[0.941469669342041]
[560.4749145507812]
[0.21742138266563416]
[0.28528085350990295]
[0.10747098922729492]
[1.5797442197799683]
[92.68680572509766]
[0.09247281402349472]
[0.4890793561935425]
[0.16656489670276642]
[0.12006208300590515]
[1.5390173196792603]
[0.41943565011024475]
[0.19443757832050323]
[1.318972110748291]
[1.3919508457183838]
[6.551740646362305]
[0.7535603046417236]
[0.16596516966819763]
[1.4187389612197876]
[0.7046822905540466]
[1.45210599899292]
[0.8898544907569885]
[0.09281406551599503]
[0.8617283701896667]
[12.780364036560059]
[5.223804950714111]
[1.5540026426315308]
[0.37045419216156006]
[0.22734378278255463]
[0.14009499549865723]
[0.14570756256580353]
[0.6071377396583557]
[0.23087570071220398]
[1.611962080001831]
[0.4976721704006195]
[0.16026397049427032]
[1.5641045570373535]
[1.641084909439087]
[1.6096854209899902]
[0.14793018996715546]
[0.15730975568294525]
[0.1041186973452568]
[7.254335403442383]
[1.0147364139556885]
[0.1045132651925087]
[0.2909991443157196]
[0.1919299066066742]
[1.3575385808944702]
[0.29856327176094055]
[3.1201412677764893]
[4.543989181518555]
[0.25301554799079895]
[0.26154932379722595]
[2.774325370788574]
[0.8964138031005859]
[0.164065420627594]
[8.770951271057129]
[0.29275527596473694]
[0.2273203432559967]
[0.41642969846725464]
[0.07991243153810501]
[0.07830223441123962]
[0.24658821523189545]
[0.13173642754554749]
[1.3282999992370605]
[0.20196841657161713]
[0.10361474007368088]
[0.11647063493728638]
[0.14999671280384064]
[0.33675670623779297]
[1.0658543109893799]
[0.28128623962402344]
[2.8465285301208496]
[400.099365234375]
[3.715527057647705]
[0.1955104023218155]
[1.3132412433624268]
[366.6123046875]
[2774.054931640625]
[0.20753318071365356]
[1.1259424686431885]
[1.094639539718628]
[0.17774969339370728]
[0.1447683423757553]
[1.1464096307754517]
[11.457457542419434]
[5.449770927429199]
[22.987022399902344]
[5.139493465423584]
[0.3565928637981415]
[7.057338237762451]
[6.413642406463623]
[3.201460599899292]
[6.348935604095459]
[27.5677490234375]
[3.2711215019226074]
[8.035201072692871]
[7.914173126220703]
[0.6455053091049194]
[30.526594161987305]
[2.8738534450531006]
[4.908719062805176]
[37.544673919677734]
[4.121219158172607]
[129.30520629882812]
[2.605787992477417]
[0.34375178813934326]
[23.82793426513672]
[2.7907652854919434]
[12.583950996398926]
[7.715627670288086]
[1.682829737663269]
[0.1511041224002838]
[32.88747024536133]
[5.073642730712891]
[1.057753562927246]
[84.58110046386719]
[55.90574645996094]
[5.6511549949646]
[0.2366749346256256]
[5.2068281173706055]
[2.899561882019043]
[1147.1268310546875]
[8.033393859863281]
[6.430422306060791]
[37.55137634277344]
[18.40581512451172]
[0.2880917489528656]
[4.297971725463867]
[1.9677653312683105]
[3.8556571006774902]
[81.01589965820312]
[3.7567596435546875]
[4.775366306304932]
[0.1338346302509308]
[0.28636038303375244]
[0.27124524116516113]
[0.5146602392196655]
[4.293160438537598]
[0.2671142518520355]
[86.4394760131836]
[1.4695181846618652]
[0.6146197319030762]
[0.6027259230613708]
[0.10019245743751526]
[5.794091701507568]
[0.5776567459106445]
[1.0781886577606201]
[3.674617290496826]
[0.3701265752315521]
[0.5353794097900391]
[0.46238958835601807]
[0.6317098736763]
[3.9295620918273926]
[0.8060980439186096]
[0.23178572952747345]
[0.5071605443954468]
[0.6051908731460571]
[1.1394453048706055]
[985.4937744140625]
[1.3675575256347656]
[0.33577120304107666]
[0.5240721702575684]
[979.0633544921875]
[0.19814087450504303]
[7.270075798034668]
[2.2568371295928955]
[4.16879940032959]
[0.41283679008483887]
[0.5126407742500305]
[3.379103899002075]
[0.7004032731056213]
[1.5625708103179932]
[0.16005225479602814]
[0.850393533706665]
[0.15620781481266022]
[0.53424471616745]
[1.6421537399291992]
[1.841224193572998]
[772.9508056640625]
[15.381319999694824]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.8605244159698486]
[0.9505547881126404]
[3.9170031547546387]
[0.8453330993652344]
[0.857136070728302]
[3.3548688888549805]
[1.6204262971878052]
[2.4167068004608154]
[2.677342414855957]
[0.96288001537323]
[1.3660595417022705]
[1.3683748245239258]
[8.789485931396484]
[1.7492653131484985]
[1.3996171951293945]
[45.28936004638672]
[1.9416676759719849]
[1.0158181190490723]
[0.8923699259757996]
[1.2328417301177979]
[1.4574817419052124]
[5.220837593078613]
[7.280388355255127]
[0.8898972868919373]
[2.07344126701355]
[3.386164665222168]
[1.9889934062957764]
[5.138870716094971]
[0.2316189408302307]
[0.5505475997924805]
[6.482781887054443]
[0.3171513080596924]
[1.5092873573303223]
[0.4243148863315582]
[2.5473296642303467]
[2.2847278118133545]
[6.4477972984313965]
[6.321165561676025]
[3.305696487426758]
[0.658342182636261]
[2.0336217880249023]
[4.208555221557617]
[1.9102871417999268]
[1.507997751235962]
[0.7650200128555298]
[2.1422433853149414]
[4.278110504150391]
[0.6196392178535461]
[5.7673845291137695]
[28.644460678100586]
[1.1299196481704712]
[1.7084791660308838]
[30.290206909179688]
[5.658939838409424]
[1.460383415222168]
[2.7258782386779785]
[1.5113905668258667]
[0.8255805969238281]
[1.4326140880584717]
[2.5498251914978027]
[4.635138034820557]
[3.877032995223999]
[1.4352049827575684]
[2.5353424549102783]
[0.49730151891708374]
[3.3641464710235596]
[0.47262802720069885]
[0.8103740215301514]
[10.969073295593262]
[5.9947733879089355]
[0.9836080074310303]
[3.1516339778900146]
[3.8465688228607178]
[0.456429660320282]
[1.0302133560180664]
[0.30372118949890137]
[3.368788719177246]
[1.8300753831863403]
[0.8328872919082642]
[1.205309271812439]
[1.6909899711608887]
[1.4477580785751343]
[209.55767822265625]
[1.1676018238067627]
[4.2562432289123535]
[1.3884280920028687]
[7.126971244812012]
[5.992106914520264]
[3.7449686527252197]
[1.2058236598968506]
[1.9025360345840454]
[12.348134994506836]
[0.8260672688484192]
[2.3795642852783203]
[5.812800884246826]
[1.8849884271621704]
[1.645195484161377]
[21.465621948242188]
[2.287396192550659]
[3.440114974975586]
[0.846018373966217]
[1.2161122560501099]
[3.2289910316467285]
[1.0281126499176025]
[8.575034141540527]
[133.66909790039062]
[0.12651214003562927]
[0.20308420062065125]
[1572.278076171875]
[0.8272174596786499]
[6.473574638366699]
[2.8535404205322266]
[320.8222351074219]
[1.3140753507614136]
[7.083120822906494]
[0.09726664423942566]
[21.715316772460938]
[7.847956657409668]
[0.6680948138237]
[11.38033676147461]
[0.6779233813285828]
[0.441217303276062]
[1.4742937088012695]
[0.7094334959983826]
[1.5768870115280151]
[0.3169867992401123]
[3.8714797496795654]
[0.062281180173158646]
[1.9442453384399414]
[1.2990249395370483]
[0.5295560359954834]
[1.342522144317627]
[1.3141893148422241]
[1.0025454759597778]
[2.2970147132873535]
[1.527998685836792]
[6.070974349975586]
[31.485179901123047]
[7.2131733894348145]
[0.8457868099212646]
[3.8196356296539307]
[14.39158821105957]
[5.723038196563721]
[6.370882987976074]
[1.2654340267181396]
[10.334395408630371]
[10.490704536437988]
[1.4961858987808228]
[0.38509681820869446]
[0.31166478991508484]
[1.8246872425079346]
[18.854801177978516]
[23.295246124267578]
[0.6506990790367126]
[18.149330139160156]
[1.6417690515518188]
[7.127021312713623]
[4.577713966369629]
[18.840103149414062]
[17.265729904174805]
[12.716785430908203]
[0.34414511919021606]
[170.2787322998047]
[0.542274534702301]
[7.751381874084473]
[3.079326868057251]
[0.54563969373703]
[4.177181720733643]
[4.985729217529297]
[0.6003463268280029]
[0.0997549444437027]
[2.1088695526123047]
[2.9384655952453613]
[11.93198013305664]
[6.890913009643555]
[0.09062393009662628]
[5.712608814239502]
[0.3694664239883423]
[1.4213662147521973]
[0.6390547752380371]
[1.0487314462661743]
[3.2289962768554688]
[0.496263325214386]
[0.24348406493663788]
[0.9777417182922363]
[53.059600830078125]
[2.232374668121338]
[323.3603820800781]
[6.405971050262451]
[1.385250210762024]
[0.8152697086334229]
[0.3678746819496155]
[0.41317370533943176]
[2.067507743835449]
[0.3674204349517822]
[55.09080123901367]
[0.18326780200004578]
[0.08656692504882812]
[8.081177711486816]
[0.9242721796035767]
[0.8129621744155884]
[0.5379229187965393]
[0.6822007894515991]
[3.0257296562194824]
[2.266899347305298]
[3.3562514781951904]
[5.889357089996338]
[2.846565008163452]
[1.9945756196975708]
[1.3277875185012817]
[0.24800540506839752]
[0.09861724823713303]
[0.8091027736663818]
[3.5362274646759033]
[1.2077414989471436]
[5.729224681854248]
[3.7212655544281006]
[2.0979089736938477]
[2.267077922821045]
[2.384089469909668]
[5.524692535400391]
[16.01810646057129]
[10.237137794494629]
[18.08437728881836]
[2.191603183746338]
[2.8062453269958496]
[15.765583038330078]
[1.4523502588272095]
[4.646182060241699]
[29.984607696533203]
[28.794635772705078]
[0.2636014521121979]
[586.3738403320312]
[0.6209288239479065]
[2.601665735244751]
[1.2827236652374268]
[4.947483062744141]
[9.54022216796875]
[11.656545639038086]
[266.56671142578125]
[32.12820053100586]
[3.5059378147125244]
[5.836019992828369]
[4.560388565063477]
[11.736824989318848]
[0.3120194673538208]
[0.30623361468315125]
[1.3362131118774414]
[0.7773919105529785]
[1.0105987787246704]
[1.0266071557998657]
[2.040350914001465]
[13.04524040222168]
[3.9305832386016846]
[0.7313537001609802]
[1.0001929998397827]
[9.824838638305664]
[3.8148410320281982]
[8.036791801452637]
[0.7707176804542542]
[2.5973961353302]
[2.5865445137023926]
[1.2602438926696777]
[0.9920654892921448]
[203.80836486816406]
[0.34642738103866577]
[0.6424736976623535]
[0.2767983376979828]
[0.3405204713344574]
[4.538318634033203]
[0.8184432983398438]
[4.889231204986572]
[16.05657196044922]
[0.2307787835597992]
[5.809161186218262]
[1.1652582883834839]
[0.8906168341636658]
[3.749873638153076]
[3.5638842582702637]
[107.2369613647461]
[0.7577424049377441]
[6.4687275886535645]
[2.0066843032836914]
[0.2986491322517395]
[92.75424194335938]
[0.22771376371383667]
[1.1836494207382202]
[1.2628281116485596]
[2.281313419342041]
[1.219753384590149]
[0.7406942248344421]
[0.44701695442199707]
[1.4721877574920654]
[0.3406434953212738]
[6.312467575073242]
[2.023393154144287]
[1.1737152338027954]
[0.30179646611213684]
[1.248311996459961]
[1.215090036392212]
[27.021207809448242]
[1.1681674718856812]
[1.2735501527786255]
[19.382915496826172]
[3.6816024780273438]
[11.683246612548828]
[0.7290392518043518]
[1.2783442735671997]
[70.11412048339844]
[1.4737657308578491]
[0.6968942880630493]
[0.5486042499542236]
[2.958371639251709]
[1.1805211305618286]
[3.6751444339752197]
[38.13947677612305]
[2.6369428634643555]
[5.645041465759277]
[5.033050060272217]
[2.1498830318450928]
[4.578137397766113]
[0.2094835788011551]
[1.1263761520385742]
[20.785646438598633]
[1.0285457372665405]
[0.5764902830123901]
[25.211118698120117]
[2.755479335784912]
[23.024402618408203]
[2.8823862075805664]
[1.3445965051651]
[13.759441375732422]
[3.6278653144836426]
[37.079734802246094]
[0.963520348072052]
[3.503786563873291]
[4.668752670288086]
[11.59756088256836]
[17.061386108398438]
[0.47258061170578003]
[0.8103240132331848]
[3.713853120803833]
[1.0201336145401]
[0.7062019109725952]
[2.0587453842163086]
[0.30807530879974365]
[0.19684770703315735]
[0.9364301562309265]
[1.1330184936523438]
[0.8379704356193542]
[0.9188252091407776]
[0.8840590119361877]
[1.5105897188186646]
[2.5415031909942627]
[0.4579792022705078]
[0.918094277381897]
[1.649877667427063]
[1.2796316146850586]
[1.1521681547164917]
[29.73004150390625]
[0.6852090954780579]
[3.4445884227752686]
[35.17582702636719]
[0.4511624872684479]
[0.3071947693824768]
[4.007195949554443]
[2.467686653137207]
[0.5360915064811707]
[0.3482584059238434]
[3.9925124645233154]
[7.624697685241699]
[0.8814405202865601]
[0.4187090992927551]
[0.7662593722343445]
[4.893648147583008]
[0.09375486522912979]
[1.2970824241638184]
[1.1672722101211548]
[0.750037431716919]
[8.695927619934082]
[2.8530619144439697]
[0.22988156974315643]
[1.6315113306045532]
[76.8551025390625]
[0.30717751383781433]
[70.2961654663086]
[0.9517514705657959]
[0.446143239736557]
[17.35279655456543]
[1.8109971284866333]
[2.781367301940918]
[0.2938070595264435]
[2.0017096996307373]
[0.7375622391700745]
[0.7697552442550659]
[0.897270917892456]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.2306187003850937]
[3.226393222808838]
[3.711555242538452]
[18.666763305664062]
[13.10421371459961]
[0.242396280169487]
[2.7875475883483887]
[0.7292004227638245]
[3.416651964187622]
[0.1868954598903656]
[3.857928991317749]
[4.9910969734191895]
[4.1503214836120605]
[0.8196132183074951]
[0.8491050004959106]
[3.300243854522705]
[0.4033975899219513]
[8.495687484741211]
[8.7103910446167]
[10.88776969909668]
[1.7611804008483887]
[2.2105367183685303]
[3.014094591140747]
[1.0527390241622925]
[1.2476733922958374]
[4.220881462097168]
[2.729246139526367]
[595.5758666992188]
[34.966190338134766]
[7.169163227081299]
[0.2839384078979492]
[0.667834997177124]
[0.46060478687286377]
[11.300446510314941]
[26.757963180541992]
[0.2805607318878174]
[4.519366264343262]
[6.5376667976379395]
[0.11028506606817245]
[0.37529686093330383]
[0.3775538504123688]
[1.276536464691162]
[2.4064574241638184]
[0.20656247437000275]
[0.5243601202964783]
[1.5596733093261719]
[1.141565203666687]
[79.02017974853516]
[11.268716812133789]
[1.7233248949050903]
[0.43588879704475403]
[0.18607281148433685]
[0.5318323969841003]
[11.260650634765625]
[8.678145408630371]
[0.5401483774185181]
[17.035030364990234]
[1.151679515838623]
[0.22447361052036285]
[0.32272762060165405]
[3.796959638595581]
[4.307720184326172]
[3.730081558227539]
[24.753219604492188]
[0.5779619812965393]
[0.20108802616596222]
[0.42015841603279114]
[1.4702191352844238]
[0.284231960773468]
[0.08681735396385193]
[1.1971484422683716]
[0.49526938796043396]
[9.017962455749512]
[0.38484036922454834]
[0.38196098804473877]
[1.2201684713363647]
[0.34884312748908997]
[5.6722731590271]
[1.3438304662704468]
[0.2595653533935547]
[0.40120232105255127]
[1.8711068630218506]
[0.4876941442489624]
[1.0317511558532715]
[7.503072738647461]
[9.524755477905273]
[0.28917399048805237]
[0.32207897305488586]
[2.769824743270874]
[0.09288492798805237]
[0.2743581235408783]
[9.427753448486328]
[70.82829284667969]
[0.2817443609237671]
[0.7788475155830383]
[2.2378761768341064]
[4.4647297859191895]
[0.5075452923774719]
[0.054376568645238876]
[0.23751302063465118]
[3.1721079349517822]
[0.3144848644733429]
[0.49990490078926086]
[8.552534103393555]
[0.3194234371185303]
[1.2856554985046387]
[0.17087650299072266]
[1.9552098512649536]
[6.5737223625183105]
[0.8192482590675354]
[0.2687338590621948]
[0.25169020891189575]
[2.5429346561431885]
[8.865220069885254]
[1.635650634765625]
[0.72663414478302]
[0.1288670301437378]
[0.5852733254432678]
[2.7665140628814697]
[0.6817149519920349]
[4.489750862121582]
[6.683916091918945]
[0.08632255345582962]
[0.767194926738739]
[0.6282350420951843]
[25.9444580078125]
[0.4749608635902405]
[0.26554635167121887]
[1.8199751377105713]
[34.36811447143555]
[0.7095690965652466]
[1.3920423984527588]
[0.9535337686538696]
[1.9055564403533936]
[1.5416580438613892]
[0.5795912742614746]
[0.8893773555755615]
[0.2563287615776062]
[8.106454849243164]
[6.525068283081055]
[4.891159534454346]
[0.3368106782436371]
[8.018620491027832]
[1.317448616027832]
[7.279180526733398]
[0.15030477941036224]
[0.2586938142776489]
[0.9635350704193115]
[1.1368335485458374]
[0.2978125810623169]
[2.579659938812256]
[12.296380996704102]
[2.2192983627319336]
[0.8994911909103394]
[3.8322994709014893]
[0.23682983219623566]
[0.0940275564789772]
[1.4081531763076782]
[0.748045027256012]
[0.05813472345471382]
[3.716359853744507]
[0.865278422832489]
[0.8076198697090149]
[0.6983447074890137]
[1.3866592645645142]
[0.43343105912208557]
[0.5896574258804321]
[0.38177043199539185]
[9.64783763885498]
[3.33003306388855]
[0.44845154881477356]
[0.2786862850189209]
[0.5003964900970459]
[0.36571964621543884]
[0.5861299633979797]
[0.5793576240539551]
[1.1594995260238647]
[6.389451503753662]
[0.05647878721356392]
[0.16616080701351166]
[0.3354647755622864]
[0.16422447562217712]
[0.2999308109283447]
[0.3006424307823181]
[0.2946368157863617]
[0.5689460635185242]
[0.29147762060165405]
[0.1697225719690323]
[2.696620225906372]
[0.134477436542511]
[0.5699099898338318]
[0.13278533518314362]
[0.33605891466140747]
[1.0745360851287842]
[2.3138115406036377]
[0.09279214590787888]
[0.27935951948165894]
[0.7383580207824707]
[0.4732836186885834]
[0.07240106910467148]
[0.5625506639480591]
[2.9830286502838135]
[0.1269347369670868]
[0.6934767961502075]
[0.6427266001701355]
[0.8942031860351562]
[0.10969353467226028]
[0.2027851939201355]
[0.17506270110607147]
[1.051853895187378]
[2.7443249225616455]
[0.9681180715560913]
[0.17094402015209198]
[1.0645099878311157]
[0.9894500970840454]
[0.553519070148468]
[0.07577789574861526]
[0.03612247109413147]
[0.650073230266571]
[1.7525027990341187]
[0.09203170984983444]
[0.10505814850330353]
[1.6621242761611938]
[3.378769874572754]
[2.8070483207702637]
[1.9377541542053223]
[0.913759708404541]
[0.4197298288345337]
[1.389639139175415]
[0.19745488464832306]
[0.1152212843298912]
[0.17265337705612183]
[0.8221277594566345]
[0.8613019585609436]
[2.254685401916504]
[0.1552809476852417]
[1.2727456092834473]
[0.3672996759414673]
[0.36114269495010376]
[1.585853934288025]
[4.5622334480285645]
[0.16025258600711823]
[3.613140344619751]
[0.1298476904630661]
[1.70912766456604]
[0.17701324820518494]
[2.9371347427368164]
[0.8392592072486877]
[0.3311811685562134]
[0.08600892126560211]
[0.2915513217449188]
[0.2851867079734802]
[1.8235644102096558]
[1.6828341484069824]
[2.2714967727661133]
[1.479312777519226]
[0.10005584359169006]
[0.3127915859222412]
[0.5146303176879883]
[0.07153578847646713]
[0.5222101211547852]
[1.246829867362976]
[0.16900604963302612]
[0.22226615250110626]
[0.22092394530773163]
[0.06174996495246887]
[1.3437734842300415]
[2.3543496131896973]
[2.5239272117614746]
[0.13730816543102264]
[0.09988553822040558]
[0.14719568192958832]
[0.057833414524793625]
[0.23363611102104187]
[0.2979419231414795]
[2.306443452835083]
[0.45941075682640076]
[0.8030349612236023]
[1.7899943590164185]
[0.20484912395477295]
[0.28600582480430603]
[0.3349251449108124]
[1.4683903455734253]
[2.078298330307007]
[104.286865234375]
[1.7212289571762085]
[0.15722687542438507]
[0.42302918434143066]
[0.994022011756897]
[1.586670994758606]
[0.8847703337669373]
[0.12742038071155548]
[0.5916344523429871]
[0.40982261300086975]
[0.9692416191101074]
[0.20896239578723907]
[3.3010122776031494]
[0.41519686579704285]
[0.17205089330673218]
[2.2046172618865967]
[1.7573739290237427]
[3.4380569458007812]
[1.3793895244598389]
[1.933418869972229]
[0.35890376567840576]
[1.71245539188385]
[2.816150188446045]
[320.5613708496094]
[1.6999374628067017]
[3.5451278686523438]
[0.5451489090919495]
[3.9283010959625244]
[0.17499133944511414]
[0.24244122207164764]
[1.1035449504852295]
[0.23806694149971008]
[0.9362466931343079]
[0.5368778705596924]
[0.1044236570596695]
[0.3931032121181488]
[0.06508497148752213]
[0.16776491701602936]
[0.5207695960998535]
[33.50048828125]
[6.744960308074951]
[0.4637027382850647]
[0.053333960473537445]
[0.22370769083499908]
[0.3016546964645386]
[1.7958072423934937]
[0.361429363489151]
[0.2517293393611908]
[0.16335760056972504]
[0.5464370846748352]
[0.15323390066623688]
[0.43035250902175903]
[2.592740058898926]
[0.30982887744903564]
[25.225648880004883]
[0.3845140337944031]
[0.07910437136888504]
[0.12655989825725555]
[1.2180348634719849]
[1.96974515914917]
[0.1667066365480423]
[0.22909684479236603]
[0.2948366403579712]
[0.1752191036939621]
[1.8113412857055664]
[0.19970375299453735]
[0.674422025680542]
[0.48306456208229065]
[3.942329168319702]
[1.2062671184539795]
[0.375524640083313]
[1.3186379671096802]
[23.682100296020508]
[1.0055277347564697]
[4.249217987060547]
[0.3856673538684845]
[0.5326932668685913]
[0.459273099899292]
[3.325425386428833]
[0.42498505115509033]
[0.1988483965396881]
[1.3456364870071411]
[1.553292989730835]
[0.28957220911979675]
[0.0897139459848404]
[0.07467024028301239]
[1.4840830564498901]
[0.11563504487276077]
[1.1955897808074951]
[1.9131171703338623]
[0.2955144941806793]
[0.3626084625720978]
[30.031044006347656]
[0.8143277168273926]
[0.1323675960302353]
[0.3026444613933563]
[0.26127851009368896]
[1.243043065071106]
[0.10338034480810165]
[0.26016509532928467]
[0.2923072576522827]
[0.24016974866390228]
[0.9619399309158325]
[0.2647223472595215]
[0.5499175786972046]
[0.5201879143714905]
[1.054086446762085]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.4976131916046143]
[0.1585996299982071]
[0.695437490940094]
[0.157446950674057]
[1.178754448890686]
[1.2836538553237915]
[4.6120381355285645]
[12.620319366455078]
[0.12283564358949661]
[1.0021252632141113]
[2.5527639389038086]
[0.14013926684856415]
[0.9712914824485779]
[0.49800190329551697]
[0.44124457240104675]
[1.0759798288345337]
[1.9271938800811768]
[0.230988547205925]
[1.9339715242385864]
[0.2135075032711029]
[0.35842087864875793]
[0.1720948964357376]
[2.3197286128997803]
[1.0026839971542358]
[0.18717138469219208]
[0.13243116438388824]
[0.16947193443775177]
[0.15506193041801453]
[0.5990400910377502]
[1.605697512626648]
[1.3594355583190918]
[0.1769143044948578]
[73.04487609863281]
[0.46554338932037354]
[0.5242503881454468]
[4.218471527099609]
[1.5826705694198608]
[246.17091369628906]
[1.798274040222168]
[0.1757005751132965]
[2.711001396179199]
[0.08680783957242966]
[1.4397132396697998]
[0.19794616103172302]
[2.9476613998413086]
[0.2093750536441803]
[0.05131380632519722]
[320.82037353515625]
[0.5105360150337219]
[0.18150272965431213]
[0.11248783767223358]
[1.3049075603485107]
[0.44286996126174927]
[90.56842803955078]
[0.6694090366363525]
[1.1744946241378784]
[5.683319568634033]
[0.8210656046867371]
[0.6326696276664734]
[0.2565719187259674]
[0.05239493399858475]
[0.23328827321529388]
[0.13619548082351685]
[0.12608560919761658]
[1.3286314010620117]
[0.44837912917137146]
[1.8079025745391846]
[0.11341580748558044]
[0.7295993566513062]
[0.9534443020820618]
[0.20263788104057312]
[0.0860721692442894]
[101.37214660644531]
[0.2366027981042862]
[6.236780166625977]
[0.35032597184181213]
[0.6860342621803284]
[0.2210211306810379]
[0.21564169228076935]
[0.28841009736061096]
[0.10361924767494202]
[0.7214382886886597]
[16.43413734436035]
[0.7314044833183289]
[0.536599338054657]
[10.541899681091309]
[76.34783172607422]
[0.2780289649963379]
[2.3316433429718018]
[2.152108907699585]
[2.1940677165985107]
[11.243548393249512]
[0.6570658683776855]
[17.768482208251953]
[1.998870849609375]
[6.509881496429443]
[0.13482660055160522]
[0.29777583479881287]
[0.41403648257255554]
[39.963069915771484]
[0.7313305139541626]
[3.4798145294189453]
[4.5441789627075195]
[0.47876301407814026]
[1.6620219945907593]
[2.672062397003174]
[0.20641039311885834]
[0.09434682130813599]
[1.0502957105636597]
[0.29624173045158386]
[1.9403347969055176]
[0.09520993381738663]
[0.126789391040802]
[0.6628116369247437]
[0.3276619017124176]
[0.3855022192001343]
[0.8960784077644348]
[2.5273032188415527]
[0.10983466356992722]
[0.6467097997665405]
[0.09565489739179611]
[0.1425652951002121]
[25.7713623046875]
[0.32962626218795776]
[0.22076763212680817]
[1.6293072700500488]
[1.2834869623184204]
[1.869818925857544]
[0.14103122055530548]
[4.3332977294921875]
[0.217973530292511]
[4.125570297241211]
[1.3650909662246704]
[0.6449432373046875]
[0.4767480492591858]
[1.7451927661895752]
[9.94863510131836]
[1.5366078615188599]
[0.5880284905433655]
[0.14145228266716003]
[4.454634189605713]
[0.15273617208003998]
[1.1754387617111206]
[15.699995040893555]
[0.14180657267570496]
[5.754471302032471]
[0.07288405299186707]
[3.4359188079833984]
[404.2187805175781]
[7.091844081878662]
[0.17097477614879608]
[0.4979172945022583]
[0.2597962021827698]
[0.48096203804016113]
[0.36022597551345825]
[0.4850389361381531]
[0.0766451433300972]
[0.28816312551498413]
[0.9790674448013306]
[0.21339166164398193]
[0.1485850214958191]
[0.5938215851783752]
[0.9237436652183533]
[0.20068229734897614]
[3.415529251098633]
[1.344173550605774]
[0.7353385090827942]
[0.17779704928398132]
[5.384644985198975]
[0.7295624017715454]
[6.409115791320801]
[0.9518384337425232]
[0.4734227657318115]
[0.6285335421562195]
[0.2525557279586792]
[11.858628273010254]
[0.12631389498710632]
[1.72831130027771]
[0.793331503868103]
[18.75199317932129]
[1.7848670482635498]
[0.7667375802993774]
[74.72091674804688]
[0.06602272391319275]
[0.6899308562278748]
[1.6973820924758911]
[0.53171706199646]
[0.6965162754058838]
[0.2798546552658081]
[0.2557085454463959]
[0.1729370504617691]
[1.8259985446929932]
[0.3161972761154175]
[0.06882856041193008]
[5.275051116943359]
[118.66564178466797]
[0.6727027893066406]
[0.5103602409362793]
[3.4509449005126953]
[1.9027503728866577]
[1.4848605394363403]
[504.8365173339844]
[0.2544212341308594]
[20.768936157226562]
[21.258647918701172]
[1.026411533355713]
[0.2091633826494217]
[1.0071548223495483]
[5.152562141418457]
[3.4659688472747803]
[2.9637765884399414]
[6.7341790199279785]
[1.0641895532608032]
[3.4354195594787598]
[20.986923217773438]
[0.9807901978492737]
[126.30496978759766]
[0.3346829116344452]
[1.1903293132781982]
[15.218774795532227]
[1.074991226196289]
[0.8213098049163818]
[2.586637496948242]
[28.829849243164062]
[8.787261009216309]
[0.9732639193534851]
[2.8035149574279785]
[21.293004989624023]
[7.606891632080078]
[0.10323000699281693]
[1.2256956100463867]
[0.6856944561004639]
[1.2989038228988647]
[0.974345326423645]
[0.09989143162965775]
[16.72186851501465]
[1.473177194595337]
[0.5291410684585571]
[1.279659390449524]
[0.7446967959403992]
[2.9430172443389893]
[238.76564025878906]
[0.16250929236412048]
[0.23943454027175903]
[0.4857262670993805]
[5.7204108238220215]
[0.21595953404903412]
[0.16334760189056396]
[0.7075483798980713]
[0.22266095876693726]
[1.1479179859161377]
[0.11646934598684311]
[0.39791950583457947]
[0.22152858972549438]
[1.8074264526367188]
[0.18898607790470123]
[0.9541930556297302]
[2.8775501251220703]
[584.6629028320312]
[0.7994463443756104]
[0.12669989466667175]
[0.2916112244129181]
[0.07973890751600266]
[0.33388638496398926]
[0.0746966153383255]
[0.08398918807506561]
[13.513836860656738]
[0.5790068507194519]
[0.4718788266181946]
[1.121573805809021]
[8.700993537902832]
[0.13921208679676056]
[0.3231337368488312]
[0.6754322052001953]
[0.20333833992481232]
[7.039934158325195]
[0.8488103747367859]
[3.3534188270568848]
[0.13896705210208893]
[0.2642394006252289]
[0.2755674719810486]
[0.16855548322200775]
[13.437958717346191]
[3.6363484859466553]
[0.11308953911066055]
[0.823050856590271]
[0.6080119609832764]
[1.0084941387176514]
[11.875033378601074]
[0.19757108390331268]
[16.051671981811523]
[0.290557861328125]
[2.848419427871704]
[0.35076549649238586]
[1.157963752746582]
[3.0285935401916504]
[2.142916440963745]
[0.24293380975723267]
[0.48894596099853516]
[0.5593667030334473]
[15.974620819091797]
[17.83441734313965]
[0.6746765375137329]
[0.612708330154419]
[0.7932403087615967]
[0.9687086343765259]
[0.6766243577003479]
[0.32885509729385376]
[0.9363452196121216]
[3.4491147994995117]
[0.2066979855298996]
[0.22129714488983154]
[2.4856362342834473]
[1.594613790512085]
[1.9940320253372192]
[0.3461814522743225]
[0.2291489541530609]
[0.3502610921859741]
[0.2405703365802765]
[0.12018194049596786]
[0.4239760637283325]
[0.353703111410141]
[0.473929762840271]
[1.1973129510879517]
[0.7850671410560608]
[1.2817063331604004]
[0.6416851878166199]
[1.1105639934539795]
[1.476776123046875]
[2.9703867435455322]
[0.5593798756599426]
[0.0877712070941925]
[0.09950025379657745]
[1.170974612236023]
[0.18943798542022705]
[1.1607792377471924]
[0.1331145316362381]
[52.609100341796875]
[0.29416924715042114]
[0.1173824816942215]
[0.22266821563243866]
[0.4721125364303589]
[48.13665008544922]
[1.8467881679534912]
[0.689629077911377]
[0.15658307075500488]
[0.8007659912109375]
[0.08142992109060287]
[0.34690988063812256]
[0.1941632777452469]
[0.6755722761154175]
[0.49977052211761475]
[0.8150195479393005]
[0.1444236785173416]
[0.38030919432640076]
[0.1328210085630417]
[0.14262133836746216]
[1.7588881254196167]
[0.41222286224365234]
[42.64750671386719]
[7.431980133056641]
[0.11834493279457092]
[0.921028733253479]
[3.171675682067871]
[0.26028376817703247]
[0.14075826108455658]
[0.1957847774028778]
[0.14485257863998413]
[28.86328125]
[0.3806802034378052]
[2007.1134033203125]
[0.11940860003232956]
[0.15226106345653534]
[1.5053232908248901]
[0.1609887331724167]
[0.22762484848499298]
[2.819352388381958]
[0.8808305859565735]
[0.3591143786907196]
[0.33605921268463135]
[2.2733254432678223]
[0.31462132930755615]
[0.5989954471588135]
[0.9637103080749512]
[0.5617093443870544]
[1.003818154335022]
[1.4352182149887085]
[0.18907329440116882]
[2.930324077606201]
[0.7736811637878418]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[10.904879570007324]
[0.06471062451601028]
[0.19250258803367615]
[0.3093177080154419]
[0.12370463460683823]
[0.3679448366165161]
[1.0325888395309448]
[1.387303113937378]
[0.22446797788143158]
[5.5776872634887695]
[0.1440029889345169]
[0.1243148148059845]
[0.3601854741573334]
[0.2758994996547699]
[6.535771369934082]
[0.29747262597084045]
[4.680545806884766]
[191.87525939941406]
[2.3929786682128906]
[1.3028326034545898]
[1.827345371246338]
[4.133157730102539]
[0.31279101967811584]
[9274.796875]
[0.49791213870048523]
[0.5251574516296387]
[0.5395300984382629]
[0.6389720439910889]
[50.8938102722168]
[3.8855063915252686]
[0.22004790604114532]
[51.682373046875]
[1.385983943939209]
[0.9915444850921631]
[2.632756233215332]
[1.1112571954727173]
[17.586963653564453]
[2.1882822513580322]
[195.7793731689453]
[8.963298797607422]
[151.8010711669922]
[0.13589924573898315]
[0.6086478233337402]
[59.764991760253906]
[2.3716399669647217]
[0.29785120487213135]
[0.939200758934021]
[0.2563154399394989]
[0.5355634689331055]
[105.33132934570312]
[0.1796976923942566]
[13.066960334777832]
[2.6954498291015625]
[0.27834975719451904]
[0.5731116533279419]
[4.026836395263672]
[1.736549973487854]
[2.4786970615386963]
[0.7221782207489014]
[1.543983817100525]
[5.111140251159668]
[0.20501075685024261]
[0.13290327787399292]
[0.2377205491065979]
[0.16437873244285583]
[2.712686061859131]
[0.9414145946502686]
[0.7329253554344177]
[0.25811100006103516]
[0.634387195110321]
[0.20925933122634888]
[2.896913766860962]
[0.29616132378578186]
[0.7257908582687378]
[0.24729709327220917]
[1.280839443206787]
[2.084730863571167]
[1.8033982515335083]
[0.20170606672763824]
[3.4002013206481934]
[0.546294093132019]
[0.23132352530956268]
[153.13783264160156]
[0.657193124294281]
[0.26031264662742615]
[0.2556050717830658]
[1.5894185304641724]
[0.2998979687690735]
[0.35412269830703735]
[0.11460349708795547]
[1.6887649297714233]
[0.10453541576862335]
[0.16893160343170166]
[0.5385440587997437]
[0.42213550209999084]
[0.1129859983921051]
[0.08650340884923935]
[0.15352198481559753]
[31.432811737060547]
[2.2704315185546875]
[3.6783335208892822]
[0.10537341982126236]
[29.17730712890625]
[1.6029940843582153]
[0.6243763566017151]
[0.4286859929561615]
[0.294805645942688]
[1.9370836019515991]
[0.15918885171413422]
[1.190009355545044]
[0.4786209166049957]
[0.3190309405326843]
[0.1653798520565033]
[0.7086307406425476]
[0.2584790885448456]
[1.2024141550064087]
[0.1390535682439804]
[0.43557342886924744]
[0.5295736789703369]
[0.39141562581062317]
[1.4104419946670532]
[0.12783464789390564]
[0.24091395735740662]
[0.507804274559021]
[0.15911568701267242]
[0.4071060121059418]
[51.689510345458984]
[0.27292773127555847]
[0.3745023012161255]
[0.29977530241012573]
[0.6214574575424194]
[3.7879791259765625]
[0.07598492503166199]
[0.7306162118911743]
[0.6593248248100281]
[64.8814697265625]
[0.4464986026287079]
[0.9910082221031189]
[0.3346659541130066]
[0.261136531829834]
[0.36978018283843994]
[2.435490846633911]
[0.11199216544628143]
[0.29064255952835083]
[1.8832025527954102]
[1.6547709703445435]
[0.1376226544380188]
[5.677230358123779]
[0.1309080272912979]
[0.43896305561065674]
[0.21974870562553406]
[1.6228363513946533]
[0.11796831339597702]
[0.21212919056415558]
[10.98178482055664]
[0.14764317870140076]
[0.13635562360286713]
[0.4199787974357605]
[0.34228241443634033]
[0.2572341859340668]
[0.1922612190246582]
[0.20708873867988586]
[2.1573729515075684]
[0.6041839122772217]
[0.08300382643938065]
[0.5113497376441956]
[0.2909367084503174]
[0.1322406828403473]
[0.11607354879379272]
[0.7958654165267944]
[0.10464704781770706]
[1.728532314300537]
[0.08540075272321701]
[0.31862106919288635]
[1.5463305711746216]
[1.5537742376327515]
[0.14000186324119568]
[0.1240987479686737]
[1.5970913171768188]
[0.07855494320392609]
[0.08292821794748306]
[0.35749512910842896]
[0.5742650032043457]
[1791.70947265625]
[8.963236808776855]
[1.5256465673446655]
[0.08410510420799255]
[3.3622002601623535]
[0.14926587045192719]
[2.9028003215789795]
[0.3545609712600708]
[0.47099658846855164]
[0.09839075058698654]
[0.2953694462776184]
[0.32635074853897095]
[0.09644854813814163]
[0.29403114318847656]
[0.09391659498214722]
[1.1344178915023804]
[1.0159811973571777]
[2.564570426940918]
[0.696438729763031]
[3.2269201278686523]
[0.18457679450511932]
[0.09336065500974655]
[0.4482886493206024]
[0.8059738874435425]
[3.7618367671966553]
[8.559152603149414]
[0.2798274755477905]
[1.288440227508545]
[0.5262951254844666]
[0.687792181968689]
[2.825685977935791]
[0.46544188261032104]
[0.23837551474571228]
[1.490768313407898]
[0.37714558839797974]
[1.887822151184082]
[4.267504692077637]
[2.8590283393859863]
[2.786555290222168]
[0.21231897175312042]
[5.715911388397217]
[2.0329160690307617]
[0.10456354171037674]
[0.16978386044502258]
[0.1809031367301941]
[0.48139068484306335]
[397.9994812011719]
[0.1169833093881607]
[0.5909079909324646]
[0.489222913980484]
[0.41880694031715393]
[0.6001985669136047]
[0.1527675837278366]
[0.6362833976745605]
[0.3682057559490204]
[0.514066755771637]
[0.16258686780929565]
[0.2606583535671234]
[1.9073158502578735]
[3.648252487182617]
[0.9125061631202698]
[0.44181060791015625]
[0.7154375314712524]
[0.20011606812477112]
[81.37733459472656]
[35.6350212097168]
[0.08173593878746033]
[0.5158448815345764]
[0.5311717391014099]
[0.329126238822937]
[1.327009677886963]
[12.218195915222168]
[2.9482531547546387]
[0.5429421067237854]
[0.09525486826896667]
[3.981738567352295]
[0.2747020125389099]
[0.39461177587509155]
[664.319091796875]
[0.4943785071372986]
[0.19342023134231567]
[0.1599312424659729]
[2.3295786380767822]
[0.22275207936763763]
[2.8537533283233643]
[2.6546032428741455]
[1.4734927415847778]
[4.380679130554199]
[0.5183829069137573]
[0.34400254487991333]
[0.3739287555217743]
[0.45985737442970276]
[0.2576514482498169]
[0.4773603081703186]
[0.22402960062026978]
[0.4660067856311798]
[1.6583528518676758]
[19.836008071899414]
[0.4894230365753174]
[0.341100811958313]
[0.821014404296875]
[0.719534158706665]
[2.683628559112549]
[0.3609622120857239]
[0.33743202686309814]
[2.4168741703033447]
[0.27648186683654785]
[3.50180721282959]
[0.35131949186325073]
[6.729229927062988]
[0.13681188225746155]
[0.48168623447418213]
[1.1597256660461426]
[0.1134612187743187]
[2.021185874938965]
[12.012354850769043]
[23.665224075317383]
[0.15717996656894684]
[5.471712112426758]
[1.6385055780410767]
[0.23768334090709686]
[1.523842453956604]
[3.3825531005859375]
[0.4397428631782532]
[0.9460529088973999]
[5.083846569061279]
[0.20459581911563873]
[0.7773028016090393]
[0.12046302855014801]
[0.3794579803943634]
[0.37164631485939026]
[2.589728355407715]
[0.7009983658790588]
[0.2346227765083313]
[0.34466466307640076]
[0.5920273065567017]
[8.623272895812988]
[0.33345118165016174]
[1.036109209060669]
[4.066569805145264]
[1.762385368347168]
[0.1390138864517212]
[0.38676711916923523]
[1.6385726928710938]
[1.5682682991027832]
[0.7600923776626587]
[1.055580496788025]
[0.857015073299408]
[24.344728469848633]
[0.24879562854766846]
[0.6321995258331299]
[0.5162853002548218]
[2.9474408626556396]
[0.10090776532888412]
[0.7629237174987793]
[0.12247971445322037]
[0.12907010316848755]
[0.9877679944038391]
[663.4393920898438]
[2.001753330230713]
[3.831336736679077]
[2.488860607147217]
[1.819506049156189]
[0.2769489884376526]
[0.26723945140838623]
[0.7995150089263916]
[0.27514106035232544]
[1.1056571006774902]
[7.820481777191162]
[0.14904659986495972]
[0.11657603085041046]
[0.22095073759555817]
[0.25935086607933044]
[0.274357408285141]
[0.16596437990665436]
[1.282560110092163]
[0.6817870140075684]
[0.38596993684768677]
[0.1795213520526886]
[31.337940216064453]
[0.35347121953964233]
[1.644657850265503]
[0.2512087821960449]
[3.335770845413208]
[0.3464280366897583]
[1.1309095621109009]
[3.483316421508789]
[0.17818240821361542]
[0.1472264677286148]
[0.6747961640357971]
[0.14190185070037842]
[6.193202018737793]
[53.319454193115234]
[24.104948043823242]
[0.09529521316289902]
[0.10276222229003906]
[0.09890184551477432]
[0.3216932713985443]
[0.0765077993273735]
[0.2792135179042816]
[0.12746486067771912]
[2.5691041946411133]
[1.0576434135437012]
[0.23636674880981445]
[5.551891326904297]
[0.2351061999797821]
[0.18919037282466888]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.16923263669013977]
[4.155674934387207]
[0.092951700091362]
[0.14222462475299835]
[6.1408233642578125]
[1.4273626804351807]
[8.240206718444824]
[0.5174965858459473]
[0.5182965993881226]
[0.11934316903352737]
[1.3654201030731201]
[2.191758155822754]
[0.22829097509384155]
[0.5421746969223022]
[0.09362320601940155]
[0.929517924785614]
[0.9512859582901001]
[0.38070541620254517]
[0.2928648293018341]
[0.06298999488353729]
[0.09866618365049362]
[0.07839096337556839]
[0.7032385468482971]
[0.7182211875915527]
[0.19474190473556519]
[4.127326488494873]
[0.3908163011074066]
[1.1308276653289795]
[0.49635401368141174]
[0.3984251022338867]
[1.0919981002807617]
[0.2552288770675659]
[0.06131494417786598]
[0.16064509749412537]
[5.861400127410889]
[0.3851194381713867]
[1.206688404083252]
[0.10742957890033722]
[0.0828450471162796]
[0.11472800374031067]
[0.5493689179420471]
[3.7981228828430176]
[0.45830851793289185]
[1.5190534591674805]
[0.330130934715271]
[1.0746616125106812]
[0.37013259530067444]
[0.5751842856407166]
[0.35554084181785583]
[5.531399726867676]
[0.0946444422006607]
[0.4542943835258484]
[23.693124771118164]
[72.6390151977539]
[0.18539340794086456]
[0.2571848928928375]
[1.541310429573059]
[0.1203119307756424]
[0.2179626226425171]
[0.2598837912082672]
[440.6929931640625]
[0.445186048746109]
[0.10717658698558807]
[0.4111175835132599]
[0.26339393854141235]
[77.952392578125]
[0.6262325048446655]
[0.5774251222610474]
[0.4519681930541992]
[0.3148787319660187]
[1.529178261756897]
[3.04902720451355]
[1.3550424575805664]
[0.25340259075164795]
[307.11016845703125]
[0.22156818211078644]
[0.3953365087509155]
[0.20710903406143188]
[0.7863506078720093]
[0.10250837355852127]
[0.4570866823196411]
[2.0965323448181152]
[8.597860336303711]
[1.0074563026428223]
[3.1969616413116455]
[1.7384939193725586]
[0.10137505829334259]
[0.5335346460342407]
[0.5803653597831726]
[0.23109328746795654]
[7.5641350746154785]
[0.4393903613090515]
[0.253591924905777]
[0.21301181614398956]
[0.36379051208496094]
[0.19285345077514648]
[0.35628724098205566]
[0.23263172805309296]
[0.124059297144413]
[0.4582413136959076]
[0.05756892263889313]
[0.33268994092941284]
[948.3837280273438]
[0.9549156427383423]
[0.908433735370636]
[3.9128122329711914]
[2.085373878479004]
[0.5407016277313232]
[0.3709903359413147]
[1.6574896574020386]
[0.6032667756080627]
[0.5771215558052063]
[2.188154697418213]
[11.241523742675781]
[1.0478272438049316]
[19.819536209106445]
[4.637348651885986]
[4.573251724243164]
[1.8344409465789795]
[787.6913452148438]
[11.962767601013184]
[11.262031555175781]
[4.04516077041626]
[0.7785258293151855]
[0.0785946175456047]
[0.3678647577762604]
[0.26547694206237793]
[14.465778350830078]
[2.046720027923584]
[3.829636573791504]
[48.12672424316406]
[1.9227995872497559]
[0.12169210612773895]
[0.12806646525859833]
[0.19191378355026245]
[0.5238493084907532]
[9.733865737915039]
[0.30531883239746094]
[1.9082512855529785]
[0.7262289524078369]
[0.30328795313835144]
[0.663444459438324]
[0.27750080823898315]
[0.3434949815273285]
[0.2985752820968628]
[2.355715036392212]
[0.9427400827407837]
[1.3917593955993652]
[0.890981912612915]
[0.6681937575340271]
[0.3265897333621979]
[1.5954904556274414]
[0.8748855590820312]
[11.678444862365723]
[0.16684655845165253]
[2.1657943725585938]
[0.28058260679244995]
[0.2793377637863159]
[1.4906004667282104]
[0.6681733727455139]
[3.6123099327087402]
[0.5361910462379456]
[1.3896872997283936]
[5.041926860809326]
[1.024312138557434]
[2.8662421703338623]
[9.326844215393066]
[0.2655542492866516]
[2.2721686363220215]
[4.900328159332275]
[0.7799121737480164]
[0.763720691204071]
[12.289773941040039]
[0.1261623054742813]
[0.40564343333244324]
[0.7245197892189026]
[0.9354660511016846]
[0.22065477073192596]
[0.3991711437702179]
[3.5771148204803467]
[0.641355037689209]
[0.0808316320180893]
[90.19506072998047]
[1.861819863319397]
[1.815535068511963]
[3.8060033321380615]
[0.47268202900886536]
[0.17562203109264374]
[1.234176516532898]
[1.2566360235214233]
[1.1149922609329224]
[1.867652416229248]
[6.927935600280762]
[1.714918851852417]
[0.6228991746902466]
[0.3433300256729126]
[0.44403332471847534]
[41.949466705322266]
[0.513012707233429]
[0.5378771424293518]
[0.9465284943580627]
[1.678971767425537]
[0.26544272899627686]
[0.3609747290611267]
[0.9492683410644531]
[0.3420861065387726]
[4.593735218048096]
[0.9419733285903931]
[0.9780336022377014]
[1.7443187236785889]
[0.23830364644527435]
[5.436244010925293]
[0.19560717046260834]
[0.12522216141223907]
[158.9585723876953]
[0.2093363255262375]
[0.4350830316543579]
[0.16123653948307037]
[0.17039920389652252]
[0.29386961460113525]
[10.141066551208496]
[0.33974719047546387]
[0.526985764503479]
[3.208538293838501]
[0.8427857756614685]
[0.3051234185695648]
[0.4792426824569702]
[0.28040191531181335]
[0.3861950933933258]
[227.8101043701172]
[0.181593120098114]
[0.3039374053478241]
[0.33266937732696533]
[0.28030121326446533]
[2.7341818809509277]
[0.2182638794183731]
[0.45136559009552]
[0.4599553346633911]
[11.362207412719727]
[0.12467432767152786]
[19.544586181640625]
[0.7791963219642639]
[0.9654299020767212]
[0.38223105669021606]
[0.43472468852996826]
[10.783987998962402]
[0.2723281979560852]
[0.42938244342803955]
[2.074307441711426]
[0.10270164161920547]
[0.9968319535255432]
[0.2794387936592102]
[0.3486255407333374]
[2.869478225708008]
[0.09863218665122986]
[1.7272634506225586]
[0.566881537437439]
[23.892349243164062]
[0.8534947037696838]
[0.11190397292375565]
[0.2624839246273041]
[0.22379028797149658]
[0.44077399373054504]
[1.6209148168563843]
[7.307569980621338]
[0.5031605362892151]
[1.7480838298797607]
[1.1623934507369995]
[0.2146613448858261]
[1.6459654569625854]
[0.8242903351783752]
[0.9461125731468201]
[0.33788377046585083]
[1.6513475179672241]
[0.16231422126293182]
[0.06231402978301048]
[3.5086183547973633]
[200.1410675048828]
[2.08374285697937]
[0.41581523418426514]
[2.7055046558380127]
[0.182785302400589]
[0.3177812993526459]
[0.8264015316963196]
[3.025122880935669]
[0.05975034832954407]
[0.2760445177555084]
[1.0662733316421509]
[0.17622779309749603]
[0.11436375975608826]
[3.1225762367248535]
[14.146540641784668]
[0.46458616852760315]
[1.6607904434204102]
[0.3558601140975952]
[7.537304878234863]
[0.17966319620609283]
[1.0154608488082886]
[0.8272800445556641]
[0.08819586783647537]
[0.3158304691314697]
[0.4061669111251831]
[3.0767745971679688]
[0.11963392049074173]
[0.0833246260881424]
[2.4806101322174072]
[23.318262100219727]
[0.37227246165275574]
[0.8361278772354126]
[0.9382297396659851]
[0.14731040596961975]
[3.0127735137939453]
[0.2798338830471039]
[2.1300101280212402]
[0.16062554717063904]
[1.0521479845046997]
[3.8610787391662598]
[0.11251324415206909]
[1688.180908203125]
[1.051824688911438]
[1.2897664308547974]
[0.19056612253189087]
[7.133330821990967]
[0.17538928985595703]
[0.09762593358755112]
[0.08639989793300629]
[0.39021140336990356]
[0.22050099074840546]
[2.2541022300720215]
[0.13253441452980042]
[1.6039412021636963]
[0.1426054686307907]
[16.229461669921875]
[1.416213035583496]
[0.7486052513122559]
[1.7542964220046997]
[0.1547919660806656]
[45.014766693115234]
[9.687982559204102]
[8.623174667358398]
[1.3910428285598755]
[0.4305635690689087]
[0.17223045229911804]
[0.3023735284805298]
[1.6882011890411377]
[0.2615686058998108]
[0.08751728385686874]
[2.499917507171631]
[2.317023515701294]
[0.1313145011663437]
[0.17704761028289795]
[0.8698779344558716]
[0.2610173225402832]
[0.8472221493721008]
[2.405689239501953]
[0.1708696186542511]
[0.3057216703891754]
[0.10458818078041077]
[0.405782014131546]
[1.882796049118042]
[0.5637209415435791]
[0.19748468697071075]
[0.18282712996006012]
[0.8971930146217346]
[0.461027592420578]
[0.15098559856414795]
[0.6897013783454895]
[1.261743426322937]
[0.3935146629810333]
[0.3588007390499115]
[1.2738438844680786]
[1.1286982297897339]
[1.287124752998352]
[0.45705151557922363]
[0.18558871746063232]
[0.14047546684741974]
[0.09506149590015411]
[0.36612841486930847]
[0.22406810522079468]
[0.16992643475532532]
[1.2406104803085327]
[1.7394053936004639]
[0.4906719923019409]
[2.1335151195526123]
[0.1637260764837265]
[0.27164918184280396]
[1.1384315490722656]
[0.25339409708976746]
[0.12561218440532684]
[0.334681898355484]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.2853513956069946]
[0.10375439375638962]
[0.15126721560955048]
[0.7522188425064087]
[0.10237764567136765]
[6.1432929039001465]
[17.043296813964844]
[0.2736571729183197]
[0.1470777988433838]
[0.06435560435056686]
[1.1439584493637085]
[0.30324429273605347]
[0.2843587398529053]
[1.5528770685195923]
[0.3671075403690338]
[4.181606292724609]
[0.1203978955745697]
[0.29296162724494934]
[0.3372478485107422]
[0.774547815322876]
[7.149346828460693]
[2.303945541381836]
[0.12733153998851776]
[1.5003756284713745]
[0.111216239631176]
[0.23648281395435333]
[0.8754808902740479]
[0.17386314272880554]
[0.11624345928430557]
[1.4121867418289185]
[0.08530793339014053]
[0.16301824152469635]
[0.27011287212371826]
[1.107877254486084]
[0.12264078855514526]
[0.18051496148109436]
[1.543755292892456]
[0.44301047921180725]
[0.10608170181512833]
[0.2648916244506836]
[0.7225873470306396]
[0.42865344882011414]
[0.16656990349292755]
[74.97313690185547]
[0.08752508461475372]
[0.1626209020614624]
[0.10568369925022125]
[1.4295563697814941]
[0.2145918607711792]
[0.07054076343774796]
[10.188703536987305]
[0.7688409686088562]
[1.2656699419021606]
[1.4270696640014648]
[0.1362610012292862]
[40.354888916015625]
[1.6655632257461548]
[0.6720567941665649]
[0.5412151217460632]
[0.11446261405944824]
[0.7517337203025818]
[0.1635931432247162]
[0.4825432598590851]
[1.1257442235946655]
[0.23392438888549805]
[0.29816359281539917]
[6.769527435302734]
[0.3696860373020172]
[0.3559441864490509]
[1.005679726600647]
[1.0237014293670654]
[0.13425597548484802]
[1.6560962200164795]
[2.042680263519287]
[0.19727453589439392]
[0.3506948947906494]
[0.08759123086929321]
[3.976003646850586]
[0.11610713601112366]
[1.3127763271331787]
[0.3143998086452484]
[0.20791298151016235]
[0.15733793377876282]
[0.45378512144088745]
[0.09112467616796494]
[0.12541326880455017]
[7.700847625732422]
[2.8058602809906006]
[0.0982418805360794]
[0.17529740929603577]
[2.7260568141937256]
[3.4687750339508057]
[0.2563938796520233]
[0.1911351978778839]
[0.16585363447666168]
[1.1516718864440918]
[1.4006779193878174]
[0.8868716955184937]
[0.15763486921787262]
[0.17471343278884888]
[0.13233405351638794]
[0.3338997960090637]
[0.12278291583061218]
[0.08956551551818848]
[0.664298415184021]
[0.5151380896568298]
[0.2915622293949127]
[0.4009915292263031]
[0.3839353919029236]
[0.17042385041713715]
[0.48775213956832886]
[0.23864738643169403]
[0.2676162123680115]
[0.17170697450637817]
[0.14788700640201569]
[0.11984333395957947]
[2.124682664871216]
[0.06505481898784637]
[1.038867712020874]
[0.0970209613442421]
[0.24622444808483124]
[0.47252270579338074]
[0.12020089477300644]
[0.09536093473434448]
[0.07594022899866104]
[0.10649385303258896]
[0.16298332810401917]
[0.23297052085399628]
[0.10576483607292175]
[0.10468015819787979]
[3.6403658390045166]
[0.23193198442459106]
[0.07666603475809097]
[0.05062098801136017]
[0.20604342222213745]
[0.15194326639175415]
[0.3078960180282593]
[1.1573532819747925]
[0.11220499873161316]
[0.8641825318336487]
[0.046604499220848083]
[3.948471784591675]
[0.05681588128209114]
[0.30520153045654297]
[0.7664394378662109]
[0.5641096234321594]
[0.5545066595077515]
[0.1708916276693344]
[0.14238187670707703]
[0.1850661337375641]
[0.2605656385421753]
[0.07505564391613007]
[0.0601283460855484]
[1.665310263633728]
[0.07416929304599762]
[0.7844903469085693]
[0.10927683115005493]
[0.12608717381954193]
[0.12433498352766037]
[1.6598011255264282]
[1.7363582849502563]
[0.15847153961658478]
[0.255258172750473]
[0.08999477326869965]
[1.2513881921768188]
[0.1580083966255188]
[2.4716172218322754]
[0.05961718410253525]
[0.138823464512825]
[0.06551562994718552]
[0.25604498386383057]
[0.2547914981842041]
[0.14270177483558655]
[0.15512070059776306]
[0.5844917297363281]
[0.2528237998485565]
[0.23322172462940216]
[0.5059553384780884]
[0.16801199316978455]
[2.0106935501098633]
[1.8495956659317017]
[0.09877128899097443]
[0.09833355247974396]
[0.16648557782173157]
[0.5979278087615967]
[3.5479156970977783]
[11.858454704284668]
[1.4766900539398193]
[0.8626644611358643]
[1.2157180309295654]
[0.08070135861635208]
[1.228397011756897]
[0.08237691968679428]
[0.10853950679302216]
[0.28070133924484253]
[0.4360695779323578]
[0.9887146949768066]
[1.18024480342865]
[0.23981285095214844]
[0.08142305165529251]
[0.1245785728096962]
[0.21279071271419525]
[55.17655944824219]
[1.176790714263916]
[0.08705852180719376]
[0.29959341883659363]
[0.1145549938082695]
[0.7006487846374512]
[0.8230445981025696]
[252.61257934570312]
[1.187243103981018]
[0.1962612271308899]
[3.2763049602508545]
[4.664079666137695]
[5.232563495635986]
[0.3127988576889038]
[2.7574329376220703]
[0.14177073538303375]
[46.98636245727539]
[0.1887361854314804]
[1.2402892112731934]
[1.7915153503417969]
[0.2454943209886551]
[0.8790310621261597]
[5.188711166381836]
[0.09671684354543686]
[0.6795476675033569]
[0.060318995267152786]
[0.08142982423305511]
[0.1250445395708084]
[1.7092678546905518]
[1.7837098836898804]
[0.5533179044723511]
[11.252784729003906]
[6.430184364318848]
[0.07090247422456741]
[0.08465512096881866]
[6.838220596313477]
[0.46157029271125793]
[0.8468592166900635]
[4.253600597381592]
[0.15116773545742035]
[0.1019660085439682]
[1.5416587591171265]
[0.10373573005199432]
[0.11775616556406021]
[0.15124653279781342]
[0.7187573909759521]
[0.14697888493537903]
[0.09477271139621735]
[1.9787306785583496]
[0.1542145013809204]
[0.8646222949028015]
[0.5505701303482056]
[0.10749629139900208]
[1.4370918273925781]
[1.5858769416809082]
[1.347074031829834]
[0.09810726344585419]
[0.30667662620544434]
[1.9481406211853027]
[0.08431560546159744]
[0.10925716161727905]
[0.3086879253387451]
[0.06190766766667366]
[8.313187599182129]
[1.7296473979949951]
[0.09554208070039749]
[0.04481534659862518]
[1.099374771118164]
[1.305303931236267]
[0.22702229022979736]
[3.464071035385132]
[1.1629538536071777]
[0.7064002156257629]
[17.979312896728516]
[1.6144912242889404]
[0.9275339245796204]
[0.21679002046585083]
[0.09221602231264114]
[0.4489896297454834]
[0.14985382556915283]
[2.421279191970825]
[0.375557541847229]
[0.2002885937690735]
[0.11817387491464615]
[0.6761651039123535]
[1.534206509590149]
[0.3346896469593048]
[3.3281142711639404]
[0.27347180247306824]
[0.6394592523574829]
[0.12177661061286926]
[0.15022684633731842]
[0.25251397490501404]
[0.14642669260501862]
[0.22570228576660156]
[0.11986501514911652]
[0.2372189313173294]
[0.7872990965843201]
[0.4958140254020691]
[0.0941082164645195]
[0.10690686106681824]
[1.4792598485946655]
[0.3261733949184418]
[0.17208176851272583]
[0.07287544012069702]
[0.07666981220245361]
[0.28929969668388367]
[1.3788833618164062]
[1.0484099388122559]
[0.1536445915699005]
[0.18362918496131897]
[1.8462934494018555]
[1.9348772764205933]
[0.14909669756889343]
[0.1460520625114441]
[0.12548469007015228]
[0.269172340631485]
[0.1468164324760437]
[0.30372172594070435]
[0.2960822880268097]
[1.0333858728408813]
[0.18849784135818481]
[1.197743535041809]
[1.5311888456344604]
[0.9007980227470398]
[0.15686647593975067]
[0.09327776730060577]
[0.08812925219535828]
[1.0042461156845093]
[0.19080495834350586]
[0.5358484387397766]
[1.1890218257904053]
[0.5420510172843933]
[24.530132293701172]
[0.30164197087287903]
[0.1228071004152298]
[0.1968991905450821]
[0.1300828903913498]
[0.13622364401817322]
[0.10865380614995956]
[0.9815088510513306]
[0.09627467393875122]
[0.0488581620156765]
[0.22747886180877686]
[0.04877537861466408]
[0.07909710705280304]
[0.4764658212661743]
[1.6474692821502686]
[0.2120635211467743]
[0.44984057545661926]
[0.08259857445955276]
[27.907882690429688]
[0.40815839171409607]
[161.78726196289062]
[2.0113754272460938]
[1.6070644855499268]
[0.1584818810224533]
[0.16502664983272552]
[0.16472966969013214]
[1.1450153589248657]
[0.2180103063583374]
[0.13758297264575958]
[0.3900638222694397]
[0.14853216707706451]
[0.17636699974536896]
[150.7628173828125]
[1.594770908355713]
[0.7095457315444946]
[2461.384765625]
[0.3193495571613312]
[0.9764799475669861]
[0.4231409430503845]
[1.164333701133728]
[0.44337669014930725]
[0.9430949687957764]
[0.5521670579910278]
[0.8387657403945923]
[0.4845086932182312]
[1.162779450416565]
[0.1458340734243393]
[0.6228496432304382]
[2.711077928543091]
[0.12665624916553497]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.713172435760498]
[0.8680180907249451]
[0.4068286120891571]
[0.19714096188545227]
[0.9102309942245483]
[4.230203151702881]
[1.741734266281128]
[6.48061466217041]
[0.1395198106765747]
[7.068498611450195]
[0.751851499080658]
[1.2136151790618896]
[0.8879992961883545]
[0.33554285764694214]
[10.934881210327148]
[0.3161107003688812]
[7.900829315185547]
[0.839887797832489]
[0.1912374645471573]
[2.031254768371582]
[0.5667339563369751]
[9.915979385375977]
[0.6781965494155884]
[0.41960349678993225]
[0.4852949380874634]
[3.2434332370758057]
[9.324819564819336]
[0.5750944018363953]
[1.3189976215362549]
[1.8332477807998657]
[1.7753371000289917]
[0.7762811183929443]
[0.41581517457962036]
[0.9814049601554871]
[3.7469875812530518]
[0.20272822678089142]
[0.33212512731552124]
[3.2782981395721436]
[0.632602334022522]
[0.4956534206867218]
[138.65664672851562]
[0.7456379532814026]
[0.7063263654708862]
[0.07308076322078705]
[5.702930927276611]
[0.15070712566375732]
[0.8372339606285095]
[5.785836696624756]
[1.8247877359390259]
[7.307227611541748]
[0.11686202138662338]
[0.6912609934806824]
[0.07806233316659927]
[0.1485615372657776]
[0.946918785572052]
[0.08580903708934784]
[0.5117552280426025]
[0.09277162700891495]
[0.14441579580307007]
[0.882401704788208]
[0.12131702154874802]
[2.353044033050537]
[1.0675190687179565]
[0.1635131686925888]
[0.2412758618593216]
[0.36561867594718933]
[0.40198439359664917]
[1.1295418739318848]
[0.12432850897312164]
[4.037081718444824]
[0.12454158067703247]
[1.7419228553771973]
[0.8521716594696045]
[2.11958646774292]
[1.1935985088348389]
[0.3062881529331207]
[0.13314475119113922]
[0.13959163427352905]
[221.4192352294922]
[0.10073421150445938]
[0.15741519629955292]
[0.16465328633785248]
[0.15797923505306244]
[0.2989388406276703]
[0.6572598814964294]
[0.09662855416536331]
[0.2288406938314438]
[0.49532997608184814]
[0.3506782650947571]
[1.6124285459518433]
[0.12405336648225784]
[0.6837561726570129]
[0.24473905563354492]
[4.722515106201172]
[0.21582208573818207]
[1.1101709604263306]
[1.5212762355804443]
[2.2233805656433105]
[13.390323638916016]
[0.07779443264007568]
[0.22595132887363434]
[0.29559817910194397]
[0.15090791881084442]
[0.17182807624340057]
[1.944035530090332]
[3.915829658508301]
[0.23806722462177277]
[28.338159561157227]
[1.8460499048233032]
[0.15126340091228485]
[0.3008178472518921]
[0.48289451003074646]
[0.39883002638816833]
[0.4775119721889496]
[0.10682323575019836]
[0.21875594556331635]
[0.43359625339508057]
[0.20371046662330627]
[0.46686094999313354]
[0.08630654215812683]
[0.15472522377967834]
[0.34874221682548523]
[2.821627616882324]
[0.821439266204834]
[2.066612482070923]
[0.4664558172225952]
[2.5942978858947754]
[0.1463880091905594]
[3.4801275730133057]
[0.14704860746860504]
[0.17780601978302002]
[0.14784780144691467]
[0.11894114315509796]
[0.30307507514953613]
[0.12427184730768204]
[0.43969643115997314]
[0.20163778960704803]
[0.21344207227230072]
[1.0511748790740967]
[0.16996487975120544]
[0.8969727158546448]
[0.04439917579293251]
[0.14605143666267395]
[0.34594711661338806]
[0.09741207212209702]
[0.10484054684638977]
[2.470358371734619]
[4.021940231323242]
[0.3137917220592499]
[0.2119879275560379]
[5.067590713500977]
[0.2069254368543625]
[0.31885066628456116]
[0.2413865476846695]
[0.5292301177978516]
[0.14137214422225952]
[0.27124613523483276]
[1.8675521612167358]
[2.560878038406372]
[0.9684969186782837]
[4.907278060913086]
[59.553855895996094]
[1.5475413799285889]
[0.9435337781906128]
[0.35612669587135315]
[54.27891159057617]
[1.0236891508102417]
[0.18480612337589264]
[0.13734890520572662]
[0.055729273706674576]
[9.4934663772583]
[0.46200647950172424]
[0.6140145659446716]
[0.17690788209438324]
[0.23567165434360504]
[1.0795261859893799]
[0.14702974259853363]
[2.177659749984741]
[0.12764546275138855]
[0.18861694633960724]
[0.36586761474609375]
[0.8077881336212158]
[0.2199668288230896]
[5.438336372375488]
[4.112852096557617]
[0.19071578979492188]
[0.7865529656410217]
[0.5577373504638672]
[0.12027034908533096]
[0.0731411725282669]
[0.6916191577911377]
[0.17494064569473267]
[0.5218603610992432]
[189.82000732421875]
[0.1183483824133873]
[0.07894249260425568]
[2.1281702518463135]
[0.30416664481163025]
[0.26407143473625183]
[0.1893058717250824]
[0.060985490679740906]
[1.8283522129058838]
[0.2505171298980713]
[0.6399232745170593]
[0.826830267906189]
[0.5693560838699341]
[0.15522345900535583]
[2.4786019325256348]
[0.47923603653907776]
[0.046154703944921494]
[0.06414003670215607]
[0.21222230792045593]
[0.46964675188064575]
[1.3748137950897217]
[0.03988639637827873]
[0.14744004607200623]
[0.046188339591026306]
[0.10724795609712601]
[0.09291695803403854]
[0.15053988993167877]
[1.0718605518341064]
[2.3391127586364746]
[4.423122882843018]
[1.390108346939087]
[0.03561500087380409]
[0.7578914761543274]
[5.687135219573975]
[1.0227577686309814]
[2.2048256397247314]
[4.7176618576049805]
[0.20055527985095978]
[5.340854644775391]
[0.1299533247947693]
[1.7407859563827515]
[0.08174007385969162]
[2.1716015338897705]
[1.9784748554229736]
[0.23148228228092194]
[0.47202640771865845]
[0.10604346543550491]
[0.32119929790496826]
[0.12235099077224731]
[747.4996948242188]
[0.18738847970962524]
[0.08590751886367798]
[0.11237369477748871]
[0.05767839029431343]
[0.22105325758457184]
[8.47706413269043]
[0.3543474078178406]
[1.3377662897109985]
[1.8412721157073975]
[4.636183738708496]
[0.6523077487945557]
[0.03790256008505821]
[0.42234957218170166]
[100.52224731445312]
[0.4823404550552368]
[12.055822372436523]
[2.130971908569336]
[0.08585305511951447]
[0.48139017820358276]
[0.24372455477714539]
[1.4748655557632446]
[0.14557482302188873]
[8.030342102050781]
[0.10625817626714706]
[0.618790864944458]
[0.3224945366382599]
[0.35498642921447754]
[0.1340000331401825]
[0.4444209039211273]
[0.20482657849788666]
[1.0058058500289917]
[0.9979798793792725]
[0.47064948081970215]
[0.13478372991085052]
[2.4750261306762695]
[0.2241062968969345]
[0.307382732629776]
[0.23307424783706665]
[0.1354091763496399]
[0.3956896960735321]
[0.14622588455677032]
[0.17115716636180878]
[0.596453845500946]
[0.18160417675971985]
[0.18446457386016846]
[2.5416419506073]
[0.14560075104236603]
[0.14439134299755096]
[0.5523242950439453]
[1.655616044998169]
[4.7779221534729]
[0.674832820892334]
[0.09480947256088257]
[0.5736101269721985]
[1.4129339456558228]
[0.6284424066543579]
[0.528721034526825]
[0.20574752986431122]
[0.3372129797935486]
[0.767551600933075]
[0.5040939450263977]
[2.4661612510681152]
[0.568446159362793]
[0.7846055030822754]
[0.5730862021446228]
[3.6069347858428955]
[0.4030497670173645]
[0.10897969454526901]
[0.17689846456050873]
[0.6886634826660156]
[0.23538564145565033]
[4.745767593383789]
[0.2120029628276825]
[0.27860355377197266]
[0.17522220313549042]
[0.36651232838630676]
[0.07980307936668396]
[0.26692089438438416]
[0.08289678394794464]
[0.6475234031677246]
[1.3241562843322754]
[0.08649801462888718]
[0.1189909353852272]
[1.2923301458358765]
[0.13800300657749176]
[0.38923779129981995]
[0.12160108238458633]
[0.9695550799369812]
[0.17463941872119904]
[23.60858917236328]
[9.044388771057129]
[43.3269157409668]
[3.989945650100708]
[298.352294921875]
[3.0288193225860596]
[0.21167762577533722]
[0.25145018100738525]
[0.80171799659729]
[0.43409934639930725]
[0.14302417635917664]
[0.8073594570159912]
[0.619320809841156]
[3.806105136871338]
[0.6114362478256226]
[1.3846381902694702]
[1.553078293800354]
[0.2918674945831299]
[1.8974093198776245]
[0.579087495803833]
[1.345790982246399]
[0.39903509616851807]
[0.5504847764968872]
[0.5700640678405762]
[0.889434278011322]
[2.2994422912597656]
[0.3145614564418793]
[0.8746021389961243]
[0.3787093758583069]
[0.5869650840759277]
[0.6195650696754456]
[0.28167638182640076]
[1.1917766332626343]
[1.0735726356506348]
[8.368751525878906]
[0.3902221620082855]
[0.9344976544380188]
[0.2811885476112366]
[0.6957122087478638]
[0.5729038715362549]
[0.17331887781620026]
[1.6271083354949951]
[0.04474828764796257]
[0.2179800271987915]
[4.140237808227539]
[3.536983013153076]
[0.18461358547210693]
[1.415645718574524]
[1.9826321601867676]
[0.13954930007457733]
[0.21720050275325775]
[0.15483790636062622]
[0.5019052028656006]
[0.6076080203056335]
[0.15862680971622467]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.9378511309623718]
[0.6027584075927734]
[0.39660000801086426]
[0.5906954407691956]
[1.9614864587783813]
[0.18424394726753235]
[0.19539818167686462]
[3186.045654296875]
[0.6674848198890686]
[0.3248066306114197]
[0.48256736993789673]
[0.7350684404373169]
[11.702674865722656]
[4.006640434265137]
[12.727970123291016]
[11.23391342163086]
[2.2615115642547607]
[4.331097602844238]
[0.5156561136245728]
[0.5022523403167725]
[0.5776134133338928]
[0.2082044780254364]
[0.800929844379425]
[0.645602285861969]
[0.1329203099012375]
[1.4816917181015015]
[51.946632385253906]
[18.25237274169922]
[2459.132080078125]
[9.448862075805664]
[1.2175999879837036]
[3.6894915103912354]
[5.434932708740234]
[0.8352376818656921]
[23.792177200317383]
[11.337718963623047]
[13.610684394836426]
[2.82607364654541]
[1.5636101961135864]
[8.868133544921875]
[2.5958685874938965]
[15.760807991027832]
[2.558898687362671]
[0.29897022247314453]
[1.232997179031372]
[54.84776306152344]
[8.987079620361328]
[1.0898672342300415]
[1.2843260765075684]
[1.2765438556671143]
[0.30631327629089355]
[0.44703617691993713]
[5.206246852874756]
[0.8619400262832642]
[7.308269500732422]
[2.8351244926452637]
[90.23353576660156]
[0.10760173946619034]
[3.209444999694824]
[2.1668074131011963]
[0.3175593316555023]
[0.2693771421909332]
[0.29386624693870544]
[0.24337677657604218]
[0.5312274694442749]
[0.11856332421302795]
[0.040253471583127975]
[9.558271408081055]
[0.11737989634275436]
[49.13828659057617]
[0.16241103410720825]
[0.13206857442855835]
[0.4360782206058502]
[0.39408552646636963]
[0.6848642230033875]
[2.9741196632385254]
[1.176887035369873]
[0.2456233948469162]
[0.5367631316184998]
[0.17778687179088593]
[3.6722571849823]
[2.2684152126312256]
[0.03567817807197571]
[1.851367473602295]
[0.279971718788147]
[0.09779258072376251]
[3.0391428470611572]
[0.11743480712175369]
[0.043518491089344025]
[2.0617685317993164]
[4.009667873382568]
[1.5076161623001099]
[1.8036456108093262]
[0.16792669892311096]
[0.8713517785072327]
[1.761777639389038]
[0.5639196038246155]
[0.7718285918235779]
[10.286044120788574]
[0.11448745429515839]
[0.7625317573547363]
[0.5311989784240723]
[2.9442784786224365]
[0.137274831533432]
[0.13291031122207642]
[0.22302836179733276]
[0.17042909562587738]
[0.18271692097187042]
[0.4490477442741394]
[0.24320679903030396]
[0.3816693127155304]
[0.2061825394630432]
[0.2555350959300995]
[9.59312629699707]
[0.9347048401832581]
[6.874694347381592]
[0.15300609171390533]
[0.24984289705753326]
[0.032954681664705276]
[0.37816494703292847]
[4.216949939727783]
[1.0154242515563965]
[0.05892111361026764]
[0.14903520047664642]
[3.9039125442504883]
[0.2456274926662445]
[0.06256103515625]
[1904.7744140625]
[31.781343460083008]
[1.4453577995300293]
[5.392141819000244]
[3.115302801132202]
[36.73760986328125]
[0.3870824873447418]
[8.955485343933105]
[2.600870132446289]
[1.5684213638305664]
[6.4041595458984375]
[0.027799416333436966]
[5.189855575561523]
[3.47512149810791]
[0.31266024708747864]
[3.333310604095459]
[0.5173844695091248]
[0.18166910111904144]
[0.43629181385040283]
[8.716368675231934]
[0.10962972044944763]
[0.35478144884109497]
[0.03250487521290779]
[1.1329975128173828]
[1.0821036100387573]
[0.99853515625]
[0.09720652550458908]
[2.1243913173675537]
[0.033897724002599716]
[0.2501448094844818]
[649.127685546875]
[1.4900108575820923]
[5.900750637054443]
[0.6085914373397827]
[0.7699844241142273]
[0.564699113368988]
[1.8263332843780518]
[0.44459912180900574]
[1.1233667135238647]
[1337.056884765625]
[8.331363677978516]
[34.127193450927734]
[2.2277770042419434]
[17.92717170715332]
[0.5463594794273376]
[2.414809465408325]
[1.5868769884109497]
[0.19136372208595276]
[1.0755085945129395]
[1.2604697942733765]
[5.305505275726318]
[0.23951266705989838]
[0.1672719419002533]
[4.931556701660156]
[1.737167477607727]
[0.7238339781761169]
[0.699191153049469]
[1.719566822052002]
[0.5275252461433411]
[346.15313720703125]
[0.07011735439300537]
[48.840213775634766]
[7.906347274780273]
[1.5084751844406128]
[0.333688348531723]
[0.03972719609737396]
[0.18772736191749573]
[10.409363746643066]
[2.9414169788360596]
[0.4609447419643402]
[1.0145716667175293]
[0.7135330438613892]
[0.8910590410232544]
[0.05760364606976509]
[1.7707304954528809]
[1.0188558101654053]
[0.4094160199165344]
[1.8252297639846802]
[0.6945784091949463]
[0.5690611004829407]
[4.8800554275512695]
[0.687195360660553]
[1.5189406871795654]
[2.3898563385009766]
[5.723608493804932]
[113.12251281738281]
[274.9154052734375]
[0.9004259705543518]
[0.9527167677879333]
[0.5457324385643005]
[0.4804898202419281]
[0.16102248430252075]
[1.0775673389434814]
[4.688179969787598]
[0.7035950422286987]
[2.0018057823181152]
[4.775602340698242]
[0.2252068668603897]
[1.7229386568069458]
[7.123478412628174]
[0.972521960735321]
[5.2339911460876465]
[0.286763459444046]
[0.6441383957862854]
[8.241703033447266]
[0.411443293094635]
[2.553130865097046]
[1.3912602663040161]
[0.05914359167218208]
[0.6019926071166992]
[1.2358111143112183]
[4.253427028656006]
[0.7005437612533569]
[82.06245422363281]
[0.09994339942932129]
[6.322305202484131]
[0.45940014719963074]
[1.4971776008605957]
[0.9244109988212585]
[2.370063066482544]
[0.5943556427955627]
[0.5537851452827454]
[0.5505540370941162]
[0.10009408742189407]
[0.0392032116651535]
[0.06853876262903214]
[6.3039140701293945]
[0.46359413862228394]
[39.4090461730957]
[0.7712497115135193]
[0.09549179673194885]
[0.27733269333839417]
[1.327451467514038]
[0.7808122038841248]
[1.897387981414795]
[8.474226951599121]
[1.002697467803955]
[0.08061051368713379]
[0.26933810114860535]
[0.9391872882843018]
[1.4616212844848633]
[0.09874040633440018]
[0.9999822974205017]
[2.658986806869507]
[0.49070245027542114]
[0.24487726390361786]
[4.718560695648193]
[0.6449644565582275]
[0.5115048885345459]
[4.600176811218262]
[1.615749716758728]
[0.4729251563549042]
[3.1308693885803223]
[0.2945809066295624]
[0.6622188687324524]
[10.949433326721191]
[1.0894759893417358]
[3.894108533859253]
[0.40081873536109924]
[1.046128511428833]
[1.5642536878585815]
[0.055904820561409]
[0.8400486707687378]
[11.926885604858398]
[0.37262195348739624]
[0.13744047284126282]
[1.8629412651062012]
[66.59715270996094]
[1.1119598150253296]
[0.05044856667518616]
[0.8763051629066467]
[0.20964248478412628]
[0.9796255230903625]
[0.5231001377105713]
[3.7439584732055664]
[0.07462602853775024]
[0.5346137285232544]
[0.3431430160999298]
[0.4285565912723541]
[0.6833395957946777]
[0.4012354612350464]
[2.537625312805176]
[0.29331958293914795]
[0.37818557024002075]
[1.1798547506332397]
[3.777846336364746]
[0.39835482835769653]
[0.2660949230194092]
[0.9270939826965332]
[0.4443780183792114]
[2.7018685340881348]
[0.8829300403594971]
[1.21458899974823]
[0.7016127705574036]
[0.3406633734703064]
[0.049930278211832047]
[0.7466713190078735]
[0.36833569407463074]
[1.8990315198898315]
[0.6480152606964111]
[6.247401714324951]
[0.1443881094455719]
[0.1332293450832367]
[0.14730922877788544]
[1.2450834512710571]
[0.26610541343688965]
[1.7783125638961792]
[2.0629827976226807]
[0.6003566980361938]
[2.082509756088257]
[0.26725029945373535]
[0.07978759706020355]
[0.07101549208164215]
[0.07326976954936981]
[1.910090684890747]
[0.06876913458108902]
[0.16288702189922333]
[1.2578662633895874]
[0.05051359534263611]
[0.25471436977386475]
[0.21027924120426178]
[0.1353186070919037]
[0.26693299412727356]
[1.6066160202026367]
[7.952821254730225]
[47.547664642333984]
[0.14918400347232819]
[787.1451416015625]
[1.1795997619628906]
[0.1738361120223999]
[0.3396269977092743]
[0.3450266718864441]
[3.0270354747772217]
[3.739042282104492]
[0.4124150574207306]
[0.42130064964294434]
[0.3415795862674713]
[0.2707138955593109]
[0.49216118454933167]
[0.07302135974168777]
[1.6896389722824097]
[0.9004380702972412]
[0.4527794122695923]
[0.12064006924629211]
[0.27519869804382324]
[1.4878345727920532]
[0.7399356365203857]
[0.6693274974822998]
[0.3612789213657379]
[0.20036852359771729]
[4.442083358764648]
[0.20905332267284393]
[0.508647620677948]
[3.7291812896728516]
[8.856964111328125]
[0.9327375292778015]
[0.3609839677810669]
[1.4571512937545776]
[92.39387512207031]
[0.25846177339553833]
[0.2980838119983673]
[1.3826180696487427]
[0.5024695992469788]
[0.1601744294166565]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.10743178427219391]
[0.043323636054992676]
[0.3422767221927643]
[0.38394781947135925]
[0.37952721118927]
[0.5029352307319641]
[11.691224098205566]
[0.2562642991542816]
[0.2824942469596863]
[1.523045301437378]
[0.1118023470044136]
[3.055208683013916]
[0.2813531160354614]
[0.29692429304122925]
[0.49594536423683167]
[0.9707987904548645]
[0.30445000529289246]
[1.0544471740722656]
[1.6491590738296509]
[0.11764154583215714]
[1.7883065938949585]
[0.9328376650810242]
[0.1606820672750473]
[0.33847033977508545]
[0.2734196186065674]
[0.09642869979143143]
[0.11989782005548477]
[0.19690895080566406]
[0.16775555908679962]
[0.5902161002159119]
[0.12289408594369888]
[0.02613937109708786]
[0.1542140245437622]
[0.8951928019523621]
[0.06302109360694885]
[1.4691147804260254]
[2.4894721508026123]
[0.14786183834075928]
[0.1005396917462349]
[0.1658787578344345]
[0.09237643331289291]
[0.21031835675239563]
[28.345518112182617]
[2.321986198425293]
[0.26003894209861755]
[3.6692190170288086]
[0.08577552437782288]
[0.09542297571897507]
[0.301255464553833]
[0.31472477316856384]
[1128.169677734375]
[0.6342494487762451]
[0.16672901809215546]
[0.22281529009342194]
[391.840087890625]
[84.70618438720703]
[10.006470680236816]
[0.34652039408683777]
[1.0262147188186646]
[1.2005548477172852]
[10.86999225616455]
[1.0756844282150269]
[2.0085134506225586]
[3.244035243988037]
[0.5215272307395935]
[0.5179792642593384]
[0.577288806438446]
[1.023308277130127]
[0.9166558980941772]
[2.964503526687622]
[0.48782870173454285]
[2.018960952758789]
[0.4686228930950165]
[0.5882576704025269]
[0.35590657591819763]
[4.655003547668457]
[0.49369919300079346]
[1.0375717878341675]
[0.16376487910747528]
[0.7849202156066895]
[0.20897892117500305]
[0.1671488732099533]
[0.37294214963912964]
[0.13403232395648956]
[0.7768235802650452]
[11.025604248046875]
[0.3043193519115448]
[0.3170226216316223]
[1.2174506187438965]
[1.1920570135116577]
[0.105467788875103]
[0.08911162614822388]
[1.1751956939697266]
[1.6941041946411133]
[7.480601787567139]
[0.175368994474411]
[0.5730524659156799]
[1.362255573272705]
[2.466008186340332]
[0.21855588257312775]
[1.0349019765853882]
[0.5886622071266174]
[6.100700855255127]
[0.5140008926391602]
[0.7841267585754395]
[0.5603780746459961]
[0.4296191930770874]
[1.2274211645126343]
[0.13575364649295807]
[1.5440773963928223]
[0.14102289080619812]
[82.59428405761719]
[0.07853023707866669]
[0.7889118790626526]
[0.7562623023986816]
[0.2658863067626953]
[4.643801212310791]
[1.6160262823104858]
[0.08773156255483627]
[4.744351387023926]
[0.5343050360679626]
[0.30541014671325684]
[0.836199939250946]
[0.4030071496963501]
[4.78054141998291]
[1.3787480592727661]
[1.3152742385864258]
[3.5610668659210205]
[0.8914321064949036]
[0.052700310945510864]
[0.15946215391159058]
[0.08599585294723511]
[0.7081341743469238]
[0.1184837743639946]
[4.553605556488037]
[0.1390971839427948]
[3.012925386428833]
[0.21432432532310486]
[0.4122861623764038]
[0.13088807463645935]
[0.5184979438781738]
[1.8518832921981812]
[0.11322631686925888]
[0.043004609644412994]
[4.261245250701904]
[0.1445324867963791]
[0.06902365386486053]
[0.1713021993637085]
[4.826478481292725]
[0.21507468819618225]
[4.601789474487305]
[1.1711291074752808]
[0.1689535677433014]
[0.8739007711410522]
[0.2609017789363861]
[0.37599441409111023]
[0.16337065398693085]
[0.06113012880086899]
[2.8158979415893555]
[0.06323140114545822]
[0.9382433891296387]
[2.530369520187378]
[0.1098644956946373]
[0.3220590651035309]
[0.059912778437137604]
[0.18596524000167847]
[1.5972304344177246]
[0.16603833436965942]
[0.25927096605300903]
[0.8196361064910889]
[0.17975717782974243]
[0.8541169166564941]
[0.0632585883140564]
[0.10871621966362]
[0.05553511530160904]
[0.16025064885616302]
[1.0443758964538574]
[0.9910798072814941]
[1.4003334045410156]
[0.08216800540685654]
[0.03481060639023781]
[0.6017197370529175]
[0.29962158203125]
[0.16604343056678772]
[0.20926961302757263]
[1.984095811843872]
[0.3452627658843994]
[0.17870880663394928]
[0.12519484758377075]
[8.086518287658691]
[0.13440069556236267]
[0.04295338690280914]
[0.17457306385040283]
[3.5577831268310547]
[0.3777143359184265]
[2.0104830265045166]
[1.174800157546997]
[0.26084259152412415]
[0.040158167481422424]
[2.738607168197632]
[2.499624490737915]
[1.2323520183563232]
[0.06960830092430115]
[0.23334556818008423]
[0.10009191185235977]
[0.24763992428779602]
[0.8786991834640503]
[0.3511030972003937]
[0.06465166807174683]
[0.770121157169342]
[0.3473037779331207]
[0.09531335532665253]
[0.04115593433380127]
[0.05825633555650711]
[0.03376606106758118]
[0.8131542801856995]
[1.122970700263977]
[51.17295837402344]
[1.7673994302749634]
[0.09087903797626495]
[1.8912904262542725]
[283.2383117675781]
[0.03545137867331505]
[1.218856930732727]
[0.16993384063243866]
[2.4564435482025146]
[0.11717495322227478]
[0.2579355835914612]
[0.13702812790870667]
[0.09427767992019653]
[1.1235706806182861]
[215.9911346435547]
[0.6158146858215332]
[1.404820442199707]
[0.12756934762001038]
[4.349658966064453]
[0.7326339483261108]
[0.044855691492557526]
[0.44466307759284973]
[0.4775495231151581]
[2.9095265865325928]
[0.5397067070007324]
[0.04575259983539581]
[0.8792188763618469]
[7.175662994384766]
[3.9877517223358154]
[3.2146286964416504]
[0.3793545961380005]
[6.176843166351318]
[0.6799356937408447]
[1.6078022718429565]
[0.09602444618940353]
[195.90101623535156]
[0.9643769264221191]
[0.3704676926136017]
[0.08712539076805115]
[0.24709565937519073]
[0.6999784708023071]
[3.6771504878997803]
[0.9085515737533569]
[2.8267204761505127]
[0.34334754943847656]
[4.112780570983887]
[0.8775591850280762]
[27.989734649658203]
[9.457310676574707]
[6.886898040771484]
[0.08579806238412857]
[0.22159850597381592]
[0.1269051879644394]
[1.1521300077438354]
[0.6246486902236938]
[0.4870041310787201]
[0.9015941619873047]
[0.18905940651893616]
[0.5229387879371643]
[0.3555270731449127]
[1.5231672525405884]
[0.36131608486175537]
[0.03229590505361557]
[0.7398223280906677]
[4.59549617767334]
[0.9152830243110657]
[5.502933502197266]
[0.321482390165329]
[0.3740975558757782]
[0.2828406095504761]
[49.591758728027344]
[0.20241908729076385]
[10.414332389831543]
[0.12581616640090942]
[0.2853946387767792]
[0.04847009479999542]
[0.09239461272954941]
[1.0658072233200073]
[0.044713400304317474]
[0.7186827659606934]
[0.05867544561624527]
[1.1435960531234741]
[3.2153372764587402]
[0.7821729779243469]
[0.15669569373130798]
[0.0805518850684166]
[0.2890840470790863]
[0.4751540720462799]
[0.08877743780612946]
[1.7229084968566895]
[0.40307125449180603]
[5.047369003295898]
[0.06171133369207382]
[0.4990667998790741]
[1.9903205633163452]
[2.5048303604125977]
[0.4358482360839844]
[0.8139051198959351]
[55.554813385009766]
[0.3755374550819397]
[0.15974338352680206]
[0.15495477616786957]
[0.844702959060669]
[0.12294139713048935]
[0.18093980848789215]
[0.31500008702278137]
[0.12087760120630264]
[0.03415452316403389]
[0.03676564618945122]
[0.7745704054832458]
[0.6676940321922302]
[0.321105033159256]
[0.1119815856218338]
[12.309671401977539]
[0.6097228527069092]
[0.18368856608867645]
[1.3571500778198242]
[0.10206583142280579]
[0.15355630218982697]
[0.41839808225631714]
[45.4064826965332]
[0.07804125547409058]
[0.9128677248954773]
[0.3575882613658905]
[0.29222726821899414]
[0.10585887730121613]
[0.20717136561870575]
[3.3909990787506104]
[1.4931330680847168]
[0.2553955316543579]
[1.5082392692565918]
[0.045008569955825806]
[7.575123310089111]
[0.17236027121543884]
[1.0911327600479126]
[0.05762498453259468]
[0.22727489471435547]
[1.291544795036316]
[0.2030264437198639]
[50.2431755065918]
[0.3352510929107666]
[0.0714183822274208]
[1.1584956645965576]
[4.043534755706787]
[0.0436815470457077]
[0.07065203785896301]
[1.107803225517273]
[203.42457580566406]
[0.10574552416801453]
[0.20997533202171326]
[0.041530508548021317]
[1.6749540567398071]
[0.300095796585083]
[0.056843314319849014]
[0.18932922184467316]
[1.7456657886505127]
[0.1576513797044754]
[0.04117579385638237]
[0.05551615357398987]
[0.09138404577970505]
[168.9865264892578]
[0.07749707251787186]
[0.21411019563674927]
[0.0635874941945076]
[0.15733972191810608]
[1.8271342515945435]
[0.9554967284202576]
[0.8483127355575562]
[0.07164604961872101]
[0.2863180935382843]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.6109669208526611]
[0.20904351770877838]
[0.20840945839881897]
[0.07022259384393692]
[148.55673217773438]
[0.06695730239152908]
[0.13755860924720764]
[0.14352108538150787]
[51.31438446044922]
[2.2573659420013428]
[0.038093045353889465]
[0.06429552286863327]
[2.6586415767669678]
[2.2838900089263916]
[0.17406818270683289]
[0.5593289136886597]
[1.9844787120819092]
[0.19122029840946198]
[0.4236874282360077]
[0.08893080055713654]
[0.4857117831707001]
[17.653343200683594]
[34.987281799316406]
[0.11907954514026642]
[0.20705091953277588]
[0.5224494338035583]
[2.0034420490264893]
[0.39830997586250305]
[0.27171534299850464]
[0.31887301802635193]
[0.2841949760913849]
[1.388482928276062]
[0.8256039619445801]
[0.15522390604019165]
[15.438547134399414]
[0.04046172276139259]
[0.6503971815109253]
[2.996116876602173]
[0.14306628704071045]
[0.40361741185188293]
[0.995556652545929]
[1.9159674644470215]
[0.22518299520015717]
[0.23824112117290497]
[2.8306643962860107]
[0.14806996285915375]
[1.4803189039230347]
[8.470294952392578]
[0.04570070654153824]
[25.583789825439453]
[0.11438237130641937]
[42.006710052490234]
[0.3616936504840851]
[0.1316606104373932]
[0.09380161017179489]
[0.08682851493358612]
[0.20817288756370544]
[8.516377449035645]
[2.336247205734253]
[0.09480360150337219]
[0.48638466000556946]
[0.13461805880069733]
[0.0813150629401207]
[0.152139350771904]
[0.12298893928527832]
[0.06974321603775024]
[1.6607404947280884]
[5.381860733032227]
[0.08401792496442795]
[0.15244856476783752]
[0.5938101410865784]
[0.5121440887451172]
[0.07707314193248749]
[13.805611610412598]
[1.1965534687042236]
[0.28668901324272156]
[0.09539797157049179]
[0.07841536402702332]
[28.094884872436523]
[0.07755038887262344]
[0.1858004331588745]
[0.3738615810871124]
[126.96080017089844]
[2.6808037757873535]
[0.07467488944530487]
[0.3747237026691437]
[69.47543334960938]
[1.1283740997314453]
[0.17973430454730988]
[0.2321946769952774]
[0.7146036028862]
[11.127270698547363]
[1.0419838428497314]
[0.05593252182006836]
[3.0506293773651123]
[3.540022850036621]
[0.9074285626411438]
[0.3589809536933899]
[1.7421702146530151]
[0.19490158557891846]
[0.2409379631280899]
[0.31669485569000244]
[7.036794662475586]
[1.8938440084457397]
[3.1307730674743652]
[0.2038852572441101]
[5.1451005935668945]
[0.13629457354545593]
[8.7578763961792]
[0.8597753047943115]
[1.2021052837371826]
[0.08750119805335999]
[0.1287710815668106]
[0.10932687669992447]
[0.5940239429473877]
[0.2001989483833313]
[1.55291748046875]
[0.19237463176250458]
[1.348770022392273]
[0.9929301738739014]
[0.03374292701482773]
[0.09853100031614304]
[0.03657786548137665]
[0.11554766446352005]
[0.1700722724199295]
[0.19820217788219452]
[22.603395462036133]
[0.05817580223083496]
[0.4792957305908203]
[0.06516852229833603]
[2.2557215690612793]
[0.1183852106332779]
[0.4197980463504791]
[363.4804992675781]
[0.06152990460395813]
[0.9376827478408813]
[0.060546040534973145]
[0.4661861062049866]
[1.0180346965789795]
[0.06263279169797897]
[0.35339629650115967]
[0.19870349764823914]
[0.08532281965017319]
[6.5127129554748535]
[0.12396293878555298]
[0.11945011466741562]
[0.38223797082901]
[1.580957055091858]
[4.20504903793335]
[0.49361947178840637]
[0.1795005351305008]
[2.4220287799835205]
[0.02677539549767971]
[0.675955057144165]
[0.06351134926080704]
[0.3925777077674866]
[0.9712134599685669]
[2.188180446624756]
[0.04453513026237488]
[0.13457927107810974]
[1.1128664016723633]
[0.26562049984931946]
[0.218589186668396]
[0.03025873936712742]
[1.5814253091812134]
[0.5401118993759155]
[0.1445203721523285]
[0.1526128351688385]
[0.24079912900924683]
[13.059536933898926]
[0.3587441146373749]
[0.2957153618335724]
[0.30288824439048767]
[0.7291662693023682]
[280.49676513671875]
[0.14165815711021423]
[0.45092469453811646]
[0.072091244161129]
[0.3813726007938385]
[0.9060346484184265]
[0.08210748434066772]
[0.26405274868011475]
[0.5446759462356567]
[0.0660446509718895]
[0.14581485092639923]
[0.6695799231529236]
[1.1843549013137817]
[0.14575965702533722]
[0.04720328748226166]
[0.09621062129735947]
[0.10050619393587112]
[0.2738407850265503]
[5.2588276863098145]
[0.31409797072410583]
[7.373665809631348]
[0.08570786565542221]
[17.545625686645508]
[6.244100570678711]
[0.017003102228045464]
[0.1246064156293869]
[0.082809679210186]
[8.20864486694336]
[0.8853588700294495]
[1.3205139636993408]
[0.11813662201166153]
[0.14921946823596954]
[0.10850770771503448]
[3.1037557125091553]
[0.34026408195495605]
[0.430436372756958]
[7.359082221984863]
[0.40471524000167847]
[0.06431228667497635]
[0.15048642456531525]
[2.4293782711029053]
[0.7541549205780029]
[0.07211659103631973]
[0.14788606762886047]
[0.1473965346813202]
[1.1045546531677246]
[2.4813051223754883]
[0.01927925832569599]
[4.518182277679443]
[0.1437196582555771]
[55.479454040527344]
[0.254169762134552]
[1.9958194494247437]
[1.9454219341278076]
[0.14761218428611755]
[51.30479049682617]
[1.0390340089797974]
[0.11128142476081848]
[0.20210415124893188]
[0.9202908277511597]
[0.04643307626247406]
[0.6256083250045776]
[0.23987002670764923]
[0.06321614235639572]
[0.07046710699796677]
[0.6419576406478882]
[0.08460994064807892]
[76.49009704589844]
[0.15007425844669342]
[0.2059558629989624]
[0.5912284255027771]
[1.2638792991638184]
[0.052443727850914]
[0.3825238049030304]
[0.10413920134305954]
[0.29201701283454895]
[0.09395109862089157]
[0.024740654975175858]
[1.5963621139526367]
[0.10856454819440842]
[0.1184888556599617]
[0.03566845878958702]
[0.1442515254020691]
[11.782649993896484]
[0.21075698733329773]
[0.1830286979675293]
[0.29321709275245667]
[0.1407623589038849]
[0.17767059803009033]
[0.09868855774402618]
[58.43202590942383]
[0.5950590372085571]
[0.09548589587211609]
[11.103004455566406]
[0.13479557633399963]
[0.11899854987859726]
[0.0227916669100523]
[0.1126977726817131]
[0.1737297773361206]
[0.07051403820514679]
[0.11815708130598068]
[0.06893379241228104]
[0.15743175148963928]
[1.0672690868377686]
[2.002235174179077]
[1.4605029821395874]
[0.5185572504997253]
[0.03298860043287277]
[0.5942085981369019]
[0.30065685510635376]
[2.7024545669555664]
[0.036451470106840134]
[9.649630546569824]
[0.04358118027448654]
[1.188248872756958]
[0.5742290019989014]
[7.680902481079102]
[0.1929004043340683]
[0.3637903332710266]
[77.3902359008789]
[0.8981099724769592]
[1.2085703611373901]
[0.06541334837675095]
[0.04362894594669342]
[0.04078681021928787]
[0.4385499060153961]
[0.13289083540439606]
[0.09426280856132507]
[0.44829413294792175]
[1.3012574911117554]
[0.08753613382577896]
[0.5601544380187988]
[0.18201863765716553]
[0.028695065528154373]
[37.454681396484375]
[0.24706467986106873]
[0.09662926942110062]
[0.36508405208587646]
[0.16578060388565063]
[0.26869839429855347]
[0.065018430352211]
[6.851507186889648]
[0.1396961659193039]
[1.147821307182312]
[0.20759278535842896]
[0.028769666329026222]
[0.02990855649113655]
[0.3160054683685303]
[11.695199012756348]
[0.03622427210211754]
[3.4776248931884766]
[3.1551713943481445]
[45.84001159667969]
[0.41686752438545227]
[0.13480447232723236]
[0.2246200442314148]
[3.90877628326416]
[0.3262316584587097]
[3.983729600906372]
[0.16955292224884033]
[0.7220807075500488]
[0.43989795446395874]
[1.2908596992492676]
[0.19235636293888092]
[0.13791653513908386]
[0.1698731631040573]
[0.07376828789710999]
[0.05933083966374397]
[0.39235755801200867]
[0.02271871641278267]
[0.2739041745662689]
[0.07087169587612152]
[0.6604102849960327]
[0.6139289140701294]
[0.10023549944162369]
[0.9123039841651917]
[1.285725712776184]
[0.11012883484363556]
[0.11010156571865082]
[0.18023797869682312]
[0.05520769581198692]
[0.06697501242160797]
[3.6293087005615234]
[1.498412013053894]
[0.17004144191741943]
[0.7814145684242249]
[0.020782962441444397]
[1.5683218240737915]
[0.22220665216445923]
[0.08380527794361115]
[1.3528507947921753]
[0.1870485544204712]
[2.0333805084228516]
[3.2371063232421875]
[0.5373501777648926]
[0.09577780961990356]
[0.17508536577224731]
[0.1754118949174881]
[0.49735450744628906]
[0.08580465614795685]
[1.5075325965881348]
[0.5117983818054199]
[0.2139069139957428]
[3.5736279487609863]
[37.09894561767578]
[11.62014389038086]
[0.12174028158187866]
[0.4884525239467621]
[0.19356760382652283]
[0.9981033802032471]
[0.0735836774110794]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.37676575779914856]
[1.0220338106155396]
[2.1594414710998535]
[0.27321022748947144]
[0.3056534230709076]
[0.1100158616900444]
[0.15496009588241577]
[20.598278045654297]
[0.12391403317451477]
[0.6750938892364502]
[0.15230946242809296]
[0.08214238286018372]
[28.666032791137695]
[4.7633891105651855]
[0.2997314929962158]
[0.07200346887111664]
[0.0793973058462143]
[0.049615319818258286]
[0.0376163087785244]
[0.05818930268287659]
[0.14055073261260986]
[0.06357220560312271]
[3.0747950077056885]
[0.6749735474586487]
[0.4968337118625641]
[0.7031682729721069]
[0.2654520869255066]
[0.05338644981384277]
[0.5972660779953003]
[0.5923555493354797]
[0.5960981249809265]
[0.9201422929763794]
[0.11969994753599167]
[0.36697208881378174]
[3.9209952354431152]
[1.9509321451187134]
[0.13147252798080444]
[0.06776291131973267]
[0.16155315935611725]
[0.03510605916380882]
[4.452369213104248]
[1.8952163457870483]
[0.5212035179138184]
[2.7211904525756836]
[0.5521853566169739]
[0.10924985259771347]
[0.15254932641983032]
[0.3073737919330597]
[0.08581370115280151]
[0.5173887014389038]
[2.8837473392486572]
[0.3893016576766968]
[0.06695949286222458]
[1.1103949546813965]
[0.09147223830223083]
[0.08806701004505157]
[0.2188742756843567]
[0.05663027614355087]
[0.6368298530578613]
[0.6127576231956482]
[0.610642671585083]
[0.05703895166516304]
[0.016537610441446304]
[0.05820471793413162]
[1.095486044883728]
[1.0153632164001465]
[0.1477678120136261]
[1.7427928447723389]
[0.05325540527701378]
[27.82770347595215]
[0.34478941559791565]
[0.13259339332580566]
[6.893210411071777]
[0.5849622488021851]
[0.6145523190498352]
[0.1969325840473175]
[1.4367432594299316]
[0.21321386098861694]
[0.06600696593523026]
[0.11025241762399673]
[0.09080944210290909]
[0.15350207686424255]
[0.058409228920936584]
[0.5777965784072876]
[0.4813138246536255]
[44.11261749267578]
[0.09035148471593857]
[0.0764242559671402]
[0.6372838020324707]
[0.2058737725019455]
[0.15245260298252106]
[1.3014580011367798]
[0.31614476442337036]
[1.9965661764144897]
[0.06317088752985]
[0.1165309026837349]
[0.09144793450832367]
[0.6935116648674011]
[1.6098216772079468]
[0.05984704568982124]
[1.236270546913147]
[0.07519430667161942]
[0.28255364298820496]
[0.10489559918642044]
[1.5024313926696777]
[0.13026063144207]
[0.23185254633426666]
[24.167699813842773]
[0.5701635479927063]
[0.882743239402771]
[0.04686776176095009]
[3.0596346855163574]
[0.10687269270420074]
[0.05801396444439888]
[0.06318818032741547]
[12.126827239990234]
[0.37108275294303894]
[0.07310932874679565]
[0.07067941874265671]
[0.3251644968986511]
[0.47961074113845825]
[0.10073366016149521]
[0.15442200005054474]
[0.9480235576629639]
[0.2533349394798279]
[0.026064064353704453]
[3.3512532711029053]
[1.6148217916488647]
[0.9870826601982117]
[0.06098496913909912]
[0.8262056112289429]
[0.06528962403535843]
[0.13985209167003632]
[0.3657307028770447]
[0.11991997063159943]
[0.09532094746828079]
[0.3645961284637451]
[0.1485377550125122]
[0.037373922765254974]
[0.07197699695825577]
[1.5487871170043945]
[0.2919629216194153]
[1.424709677696228]
[0.20224836468696594]
[2.4290072917938232]
[0.20898517966270447]
[0.06853628158569336]
[0.2664183974266052]
[0.06847894191741943]
[0.07252178341150284]
[1.8168327808380127]
[0.11031658947467804]
[0.1129995808005333]
[1.7399351596832275]
[0.1819448620080948]
[0.3466058671474457]
[0.5294184684753418]
[0.2976982593536377]
[0.18182365596294403]
[0.7622841596603394]
[0.6410121321678162]
[0.019672833383083344]
[3.819592237472534]
[0.06139775365591049]
[0.3465072214603424]
[0.7285423874855042]
[0.059127286076545715]
[0.10763118416070938]
[1.167066216468811]
[0.09032759070396423]
[0.19772298634052277]
[0.29104483127593994]
[0.0704953670501709]
[0.14551953971385956]
[0.02265016734600067]
[0.9763563275337219]
[0.01911253295838833]
[2.7739217281341553]
[0.026595233008265495]
[0.8037629723548889]
[21.078542709350586]
[0.10535261034965515]
[1.0498391389846802]
[0.12666843831539154]
[0.6611835360527039]
[0.02916967310011387]
[0.04274200275540352]
[0.07906494289636612]
[2.125495195388794]
[0.0652707889676094]
[0.05788658559322357]
[0.11518550664186478]
[0.36408889293670654]
[0.5438981056213379]
[4.975688934326172]
[0.07305604219436646]
[195.86956787109375]
[0.07863420993089676]
[1.0577211380004883]
[0.014549343846738338]
[0.019351016730070114]
[0.6397446990013123]
[0.10748855769634247]
[1.4539272785186768]
[0.8974747657775879]
[0.03527744859457016]
[0.05201055854558945]
[0.01741671748459339]
[0.14649714529514313]
[0.40627163648605347]
[1.089269757270813]
[0.08674084395170212]
[0.09384326636791229]
[0.10386975109577179]
[0.088455431163311]
[0.4552748203277588]
[0.10309764742851257]
[1.63934326171875]
[0.07067110389471054]
[0.1278885304927826]
[0.19097688794136047]
[0.3823226988315582]
[0.6641404032707214]
[0.04900946095585823]
[0.10279355198144913]
[0.18796752393245697]
[0.1040361225605011]
[0.01983114331960678]
[0.33033859729766846]
[0.18141527473926544]
[0.03345736116170883]
[0.10702504962682724]
[2.3334717750549316]
[0.020378412678837776]
[0.4897935092449188]
[0.4323839843273163]
[0.08435910940170288]
[0.11080588400363922]
[0.062297459691762924]
[0.0623079352080822]
[0.11787112057209015]
[0.07912248373031616]
[0.03044019639492035]
[0.8138220310211182]
[0.2672584354877472]
[0.022850587964057922]
[0.272440105676651]
[0.9256892204284668]
[0.2748339772224426]
[0.13444624841213226]
[0.04135748744010925]
[0.05142885074019432]
[0.3507991135120392]
[0.022012557834386826]
[0.23059087991714478]
[0.14747899770736694]
[0.1780177503824234]
[2.007810592651367]
[0.05764414742588997]
[11.565235137939453]
[0.6266825795173645]
[0.39590534567832947]
[8.44472599029541]
[0.5842860341072083]
[0.6959030032157898]
[0.3375370502471924]
[2.024982213973999]
[0.32988354563713074]
[0.055779971182346344]
[0.3470580577850342]
[136.50794982910156]
[0.05421174690127373]
[0.4048227071762085]
[2.0123062133789062]
[0.10592985153198242]
[0.30346861481666565]
[0.11551123857498169]
[0.12194819748401642]
[0.1071566492319107]
[0.0941554456949234]
[0.08301419019699097]
[0.046620193868875504]
[0.24257265031337738]
[0.06997568160295486]
[0.04696695879101753]
[0.20330828428268433]
[0.054274916648864746]
[19.711544036865234]
[0.11120125651359558]
[0.14066176116466522]
[0.7521414160728455]
[0.05963509529829025]
[0.20495392382144928]
[2.5943429470062256]
[0.10450543463230133]
[0.2241746336221695]
[0.04112939536571503]
[0.5898767709732056]
[0.12926770746707916]
[1.974287509918213]
[40.749996185302734]
[1.917572021484375]
[0.12942816317081451]
[0.9599957466125488]
[0.6561822295188904]
[0.14263959228992462]
[0.23962217569351196]
[0.11571107804775238]
[0.10476329922676086]
[0.09161883592605591]
[12.1309232711792]
[0.6819450259208679]
[0.056018952280282974]
[3.6136224269866943]
[0.12832659482955933]
[0.05605721473693848]
[0.9734535813331604]
[0.04279195889830589]
[0.10220513492822647]
[0.43619105219841003]
[1.0515551567077637]
[0.10227006673812866]
[1.6146481037139893]
[0.06089404970407486]
[0.05877130106091499]
[0.5872249603271484]
[0.049687646329402924]
[0.06339167803525925]
[1.1513946056365967]
[0.22524985671043396]
[0.050703682005405426]
[28.385560989379883]
[0.04420952871441841]
[0.016153661534190178]
[0.07805169373750687]
[0.06840194016695023]
[2.8449530601501465]
[0.3699031174182892]
[0.05256632715463638]
[0.10487811267375946]
[0.05227038264274597]
[0.1123495027422905]
[2.0062553882598877]
[0.38155868649482727]
[0.5585958361625671]
[0.07899323105812073]
[0.08473053574562073]
[0.61292964220047]
[0.208297997713089]
[16.040136337280273]
[0.3281497657299042]
[0.09291990101337433]
[0.3832957446575165]
[0.06493639945983887]
[15.075691223144531]
[0.17764440178871155]
[1.7153438329696655]
[0.8761815428733826]
[0.34646034240722656]
[0.12763762474060059]
[2.314300775527954]
[0.16916660964488983]
[0.5449120402336121]
[0.325156569480896]
[0.02498818375170231]
[0.35269659757614136]
[1.3486053943634033]
[0.06548788398504257]
[0.056542396545410156]
[0.3588070571422577]
[0.47223013639450073]
[14.6398286819458]
[0.0716925784945488]
[0.03848353028297424]
[0.09820421040058136]
[0.6054471135139465]
[0.22658681869506836]
[0.13078607618808746]
[0.050127945840358734]
[1.063667893409729]
[0.2853599786758423]
[0.0462910495698452]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.25864100456237793]
[0.03775420039892197]
[0.04169302433729172]
[0.09058284014463425]
[0.05525505542755127]
[0.22126053273677826]
[0.04235091060400009]
[0.4409258961677551]
[0.09178005903959274]
[0.4852900803089142]
[0.9390493631362915]
[0.06948652118444443]
[0.20090894401073456]
[6.2525529861450195]
[0.01732609234750271]
[0.7118876576423645]
[0.05671213939785957]
[0.07901377975940704]
[0.08414012938737869]
[0.13783687353134155]
[0.08369966596364975]
[0.08967645466327667]
[66.32855987548828]
[0.09245159476995468]
[1.2367736101150513]
[0.23306798934936523]
[0.3024888336658478]
[2.327047348022461]
[1.4602940082550049]
[0.45451653003692627]
[27.1542911529541]
[0.07740037143230438]
[0.11624886840581894]
[0.46398627758026123]
[0.43983185291290283]
[0.32817089557647705]
[3.1017158031463623]
[0.28949952125549316]
[6.422151565551758]
[0.08795607835054398]
[0.45749473571777344]
[0.47650817036628723]
[0.19080305099487305]
[0.15993718802928925]
[0.05229467898607254]
[0.10785139352083206]
[0.09646528214216232]
[0.3959997296333313]
[0.012317098677158356]
[0.41069164872169495]
[0.12405049055814743]
[0.07595717906951904]
[0.9811217784881592]
[0.14801360666751862]
[1.142611026763916]
[0.0696457177400589]
[0.2979428768157959]
[0.2720053493976593]
[0.0464421845972538]
[0.6603484153747559]
[1.966071605682373]
[0.0938938707113266]
[1.1069674491882324]
[2.7953450679779053]
[0.584579586982727]
[0.09331552684307098]
[0.0427142009139061]
[1.6392468214035034]
[0.1631925255060196]
[0.1901785284280777]
[0.022235825657844543]
[0.07171715795993805]
[0.051035571843385696]
[0.05717383697628975]
[18.088544845581055]
[0.05799742788076401]
[0.22822561860084534]
[0.08549325913190842]
[0.22141572833061218]
[1.153516411781311]
[0.10224250704050064]
[0.15915581583976746]
[0.029944438487291336]
[5.886075019836426]
[0.089775450527668]
[1.6512216329574585]
[0.3314942419528961]
[0.013998950831592083]
[0.31986191868782043]
[0.03230193629860878]
[0.03008118085563183]
[0.15962858498096466]
[0.03170201927423477]
[0.06571080535650253]
[2.2196576595306396]
[4.341676235198975]
[0.02343079075217247]
[0.07518190145492554]
[0.22970269620418549]
[0.05368936434388161]
[0.3599129915237427]
[0.09974373131990433]
[0.08595902472734451]
[2.1220171451568604]
[0.09597299247980118]
[1.0738227367401123]
[0.05534672364592552]
[0.11842267215251923]
[15.684810638427734]
[0.2650677561759949]
[0.06086193397641182]
[0.37497764825820923]
[17.8809814453125]
[0.04009268805384636]
[0.027581192553043365]
[0.9963909387588501]
[0.059085436165332794]
[0.06993066519498825]
[0.30942395329475403]
[26.78423309326172]
[0.24836799502372742]
[0.030659550800919533]
[0.3314887583255768]
[0.09781020879745483]
[0.05226639658212662]
[0.9378465414047241]
[0.15303878486156464]
[0.15772323310375214]
[0.5954449772834778]
[0.09797678142786026]
[0.2820063829421997]
[0.0951647013425827]
[158.46957397460938]
[0.1044282466173172]
[0.4190863370895386]
[0.8760483264923096]
[1.3845237493515015]
[1.513959527015686]
[0.21139167249202728]
[0.14626219868659973]
[0.06112715229392052]
[0.8144740462303162]
[0.7701930403709412]
[0.10453477501869202]
[0.07125990837812424]
[0.07551851123571396]
[0.172286257147789]
[0.17483919858932495]
[0.05297129973769188]
[0.07907726615667343]
[0.8747503161430359]
[0.7017560601234436]
[0.45855551958084106]
[0.2675710618495941]
[0.22149346768856049]
[1.6666582822799683]
[0.7331768274307251]
[0.13597579300403595]
[1.0670989751815796]
[0.4503668248653412]
[0.2750590443611145]
[0.06693939864635468]
[0.3367958962917328]
[0.06783698499202728]
[0.055101219564676285]
[0.10451246052980423]
[0.9761393666267395]
[27.31191635131836]
[0.18829768896102905]
[1.9328830242156982]
[2.1367709636688232]
[0.17790234088897705]
[0.02214180678129196]
[0.32665637135505676]
[0.2283102571964264]
[3.2269904613494873]
[0.32764002680778503]
[0.05833079293370247]
[0.25977134704589844]
[1.6076208353042603]
[0.08423075079917908]
[0.06171922758221626]
[27.067285537719727]
[0.04874076694250107]
[0.048689451068639755]
[4.977351188659668]
[0.4302304983139038]
[0.5943315625190735]
[0.17330333590507507]
[0.2296399623155594]
[0.1380602866411209]
[0.0752376839518547]
[0.16520486772060394]
[25.93279266357422]
[0.09340919554233551]
[0.1528613120317459]
[0.32122668623924255]
[0.047207191586494446]
[0.7645919919013977]
[3.697441816329956]
[2.6592025756835938]
[6.844504356384277]
[2.596411943435669]
[0.67596435546875]
[0.8097605109214783]
[0.46383365988731384]
[0.3314410150051117]
[0.02507934346795082]
[0.10708225518465042]
[3.376774787902832]
[0.13651682436466217]
[0.1541871875524521]
[4.307126998901367]
[0.044555358588695526]
[0.5016178488731384]
[0.3549731373786926]
[108.17292022705078]
[0.12839244306087494]
[0.1846541166305542]
[0.30574843287467957]
[0.09646008163690567]
[0.3413247764110565]
[0.5499414205551147]
[0.4999006986618042]
[0.5812799334526062]
[0.28145894408226013]
[0.32916632294654846]
[0.1679133176803589]
[0.16684894263744354]
[0.26375919580459595]
[0.15467213094234467]
[4.580219745635986]
[0.25573959946632385]
[0.09209223091602325]
[0.40212756395339966]
[1.7790722846984863]
[2.2413151264190674]
[0.2484263926744461]
[0.1582377552986145]
[0.274776816368103]
[0.6761211156845093]
[0.17818354070186615]
[0.5711958408355713]
[0.5552510023117065]
[0.25509724020957947]
[0.3083690404891968]
[0.750314474105835]
[100.4363021850586]
[0.41269537806510925]
[0.25372904539108276]
[1.1346831321716309]
[0.28869277238845825]
[0.3116346597671509]
[1.0405751466751099]
[1.6006948947906494]
[0.16125814616680145]
[0.13609381020069122]
[0.03861698508262634]
[0.025498997420072556]
[0.3758834898471832]
[0.09151963889598846]
[0.9127551317214966]
[6.619304656982422]
[0.1834084540605545]
[0.06549110263586044]
[8.040658950805664]
[0.15121862292289734]
[3.435823440551758]
[0.5108193159103394]
[0.0375693216919899]
[0.1877070814371109]
[0.041709717363119125]
[0.03820141404867172]
[1.0202994346618652]
[0.6567903161048889]
[0.2918742299079895]
[0.021512310951948166]
[3.6741137504577637]
[1.658034086227417]
[0.05318041890859604]
[0.04313143715262413]
[0.20667196810245514]
[0.17599418759346008]
[0.036832164973020554]
[0.09243947267532349]
[0.16296695172786713]
[0.20933619141578674]
[0.1646990031003952]
[0.4181864857673645]
[0.11219033598899841]
[0.15928812325000763]
[0.5470362901687622]
[0.38108617067337036]
[0.11103673279285431]
[0.04242323711514473]
[0.021212656050920486]
[0.37674057483673096]
[2.0634071826934814]
[0.05584729090332985]
[0.16981658339500427]
[0.08286178857088089]
[0.9303857684135437]
[0.5944454669952393]
[13.87269401550293]
[0.1328979730606079]
[0.31425362825393677]
[0.06566988676786423]
[0.030047791078686714]
[0.06203014403581619]
[0.8074090480804443]
[0.0671767070889473]
[0.11827554553747177]
[0.6144213080406189]
[0.27385401725769043]
[0.8133782148361206]
[0.20150381326675415]
[148.3447723388672]
[107.9193344116211]
[0.13851898908615112]
[0.047320861369371414]
[0.018717892467975616]
[0.01961445063352585]
[0.13797327876091003]
[1.1615649461746216]
[0.2932579219341278]
[1.8977442979812622]
[121.10873413085938]
[0.2549743950366974]
[0.11053295433521271]
[0.4765082597732544]
[0.2152879685163498]
[0.1832568496465683]
[0.9976373910903931]
[0.05389067530632019]
[0.1713498830795288]
[0.36786749958992004]
[1.5337141752243042]
[0.29139816761016846]
[0.0662001222372055]
[0.1858995258808136]
[0.057259008288383484]
[0.18775230646133423]
[0.04804406315088272]
[0.3550416827201843]
[9.218114852905273]
[0.28162822127342224]
[0.6360187530517578]
[0.6073024868965149]
[0.08090127259492874]
[0.5553075075149536]
[0.1259518414735794]
[0.3694588840007782]
[0.5247175693511963]
[0.6640652418136597]
[0.11100409179925919]
[22.41305923461914]
[6.108322620391846]
[0.03189709782600403]
[74.59154510498047]
[0.02670886367559433]
[0.10508737713098526]
[0.08067191392183304]
[0.07118910551071167]
[0.36533188819885254]
[0.10854515433311462]
[1.004966139793396]
[0.26109597086906433]
[0.12620562314987183]
[0.17855791747570038]
[0.10350220650434494]
[0.10657947510480881]
[0.5165181756019592]
[0.6645395159721375]
[0.2715314030647278]
[2.3860654830932617]
[0.32272103428840637]
[1.5549249649047852]
[0.549224853515625]
[176.46839904785156]
[0.30391553044319153]
[3.324157476425171]
[0.14374573528766632]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.12000641971826553]
[0.1355549395084381]
[0.2227042317390442]
[0.17236101627349854]
[0.4217790365219116]
[0.1550983488559723]
[20.432353973388672]
[0.17740841209888458]
[12.070225715637207]
[0.116169273853302]
[4.342483043670654]
[0.10976654291152954]
[0.30479758977890015]
[0.1250573843717575]
[0.5404818058013916]
[0.23503294587135315]
[0.3231889009475708]
[0.38816574215888977]
[0.1795942634344101]
[0.1375611573457718]
[1.3322017192840576]
[2.3086516857147217]
[1.3587661981582642]
[0.07433325052261353]
[0.09218809753656387]
[0.9486122727394104]
[0.45689019560813904]
[9.663717269897461]
[0.26467952132225037]
[24.287160873413086]
[0.1385779231786728]
[1.2833175659179688]
[0.6076973080635071]
[0.5711942911148071]
[0.4283706247806549]
[0.19425994157791138]
[0.8183923363685608]
[0.8545523881912231]
[0.22419792413711548]
[0.15667852759361267]
[0.30606141686439514]
[0.027045583352446556]
[0.10476228594779968]
[0.03516138345003128]
[3.296854257583618]
[0.02765483222901821]
[0.3844710886478424]
[0.2512476146221161]
[0.09364717453718185]
[0.11478501558303833]
[0.12218359857797623]
[0.06875631213188171]
[0.33607417345046997]
[0.16660946607589722]
[0.14351792633533478]
[0.030142487958073616]
[0.07099702954292297]
[0.09296397864818573]
[0.05717838183045387]
[0.04685710370540619]
[0.12581083178520203]
[0.12541189789772034]
[0.19503509998321533]
[0.3068818151950836]
[0.0736934170126915]
[0.06726426631212234]
[0.019555626437067986]
[0.10506407916545868]
[0.13207875192165375]
[0.16219322383403778]
[0.044757090508937836]
[0.33134886622428894]
[0.07821673154830933]
[0.03355667367577553]
[15.484596252441406]
[0.029972296208143234]
[0.7449938058853149]
[0.3556356728076935]
[0.15450823307037354]
[0.14236436784267426]
[0.23529313504695892]
[28.956707000732422]
[0.21622486412525177]
[15.276617050170898]
[0.3491850197315216]
[0.1524086445569992]
[0.31863364577293396]
[0.19182312488555908]
[0.37023961544036865]
[0.3746304214000702]
[0.13511168956756592]
[0.24356494843959808]
[0.3021068274974823]
[3.0049972534179688]
[0.21072545647621155]
[0.21554045379161835]
[0.13955393433570862]
[0.15244504809379578]
[0.606170654296875]
[0.3467140197753906]
[3.478517532348633]
[0.583493173122406]
[0.06812509894371033]
[2.820671796798706]
[0.2844603657722473]
[0.6024386882781982]
[0.10479612648487091]
[0.13788969814777374]
[0.7317468523979187]
[0.676465630531311]
[0.941748857498169]
[0.19684210419654846]
[0.05508833006024361]
[0.16051869094371796]
[0.03814827278256416]
[0.18334829807281494]
[0.36504268646240234]
[0.034252796322107315]
[20.31985855102539]
[0.8441006541252136]
[0.7329415678977966]
[2.2687435150146484]
[0.21060852706432343]
[0.09496106952428818]
[0.07193474471569061]
[0.5120159983634949]
[0.09244714677333832]
[0.7063633799552917]
[8.56062126159668]
[0.21833665668964386]
[2.375021457672119]
[0.30387356877326965]
[1.3904824256896973]
[0.15524563193321228]
[0.09559909999370575]
[0.49608778953552246]
[0.03193794935941696]
[0.9250384569168091]
[1.1935158967971802]
[0.13767820596694946]
[1.3368618488311768]
[0.23963676393032074]
[0.2584671080112457]
[1.0667731761932373]
[1.4668654203414917]
[40.856170654296875]
[0.07278717309236526]
[1.8278756141662598]
[22.82628631591797]
[0.0387030728161335]
[0.5179563760757446]
[0.43426772952079773]
[0.15917104482650757]
[0.03793448582291603]
[0.05635438859462738]
[0.28400862216949463]
[0.3264479339122772]
[0.22437407076358795]
[0.5956577658653259]
[0.4570199251174927]
[0.5269851684570312]
[0.013805730268359184]
[0.05707558989524841]
[0.05371774360537529]
[0.06297355145215988]
[0.11439767479896545]
[0.07340018451213837]
[0.02850992977619171]
[0.1437794417142868]
[0.1123666986823082]
[7.637670516967773]
[0.7954076528549194]
[1.326076865196228]
[0.13891743123531342]
[2.6816277503967285]
[0.05790504440665245]
[0.5904232263565063]
[0.017353270202875137]
[0.7316057682037354]
[0.10248426347970963]
[0.2951045632362366]
[0.1702280044555664]
[0.8902020454406738]
[5.100807189941406]
[0.18492893874645233]
[0.17934410274028778]
[0.33639323711395264]
[0.46578311920166016]
[0.2536120116710663]
[0.2805372476577759]
[0.07154878228902817]
[0.11739897727966309]
[0.19624023139476776]
[0.14355945587158203]
[0.20139819383621216]
[0.014932437799870968]
[0.020635437220335007]
[0.4990842342376709]
[0.30693018436431885]
[0.6163445115089417]
[0.23155908286571503]
[0.30305689573287964]
[0.3419293463230133]
[0.15202581882476807]
[0.1455356478691101]
[0.07360493391752243]
[0.414076030254364]
[0.19190633296966553]
[12.666773796081543]
[0.05071543529629707]
[0.2377849519252777]
[0.024280283600091934]
[0.3176625967025757]
[1.6029815673828125]
[16.69620704650879]
[0.07443757355213165]
[0.11762554943561554]
[0.6827092170715332]
[0.09568248689174652]
[0.02697860635817051]
[0.2360294908285141]
[0.6799582839012146]
[1.6145315170288086]
[1.29840886592865]
[0.9543878436088562]
[0.038831789046525955]
[0.06829008460044861]
[305.8917541503906]
[0.20128124952316284]
[0.07946934551000595]
[0.16114377975463867]
[0.13127325475215912]
[0.062281347811222076]
[1.6565388441085815]
[0.3285416066646576]
[0.05685180798172951]
[0.1381176859140396]
[10.47637939453125]
[3.4097323417663574]
[0.056519292294979095]
[0.3867489993572235]
[0.04200734570622444]
[20.21918487548828]
[0.643728494644165]
[0.5859499573707581]
[0.12855398654937744]
[0.2711603045463562]
[0.07285115122795105]
[0.05371356010437012]
[0.5722841620445251]
[0.09863617271184921]
[0.04816976189613342]
[0.0967550203204155]
[0.5246864557266235]
[0.07377345114946365]
[5.21366024017334]
[0.4881090819835663]
[1.073966145515442]
[0.04991460219025612]
[0.07902786135673523]
[58.03140640258789]
[0.813774585723877]
[0.5026291012763977]
[0.10351067781448364]
[0.3651723563671112]
[0.1202639490365982]
[0.042418222874403]
[0.7224761843681335]
[0.022815635427832603]
[0.17082083225250244]
[0.11645634472370148]
[0.11443842202425003]
[0.5744392275810242]
[0.87602698802948]
[0.045853883028030396]
[1.4239200353622437]
[0.21083401143550873]
[0.7612935900688171]
[0.4537324905395508]
[14.838122367858887]
[0.21704788506031036]
[2.555495023727417]
[0.07537911087274551]
[0.07631967216730118]
[0.07066504657268524]
[0.039790522307157516]
[0.4261206090450287]
[1.2215144634246826]
[0.039670828729867935]
[1.9448120594024658]
[0.023706886917352676]
[0.30379417538642883]
[0.9693273305892944]
[0.1891135722398758]
[0.23789255321025848]
[8.918985366821289]
[8.383255958557129]
[236.10569763183594]
[0.11083974689245224]
[0.0746932104229927]
[0.7096916437149048]
[0.19179382920265198]
[1.3714590072631836]
[1.434708595275879]
[0.19263608753681183]
[0.6034703850746155]
[0.44681572914123535]
[0.10083253681659698]
[0.408356249332428]
[1.4887933731079102]
[0.018522916361689568]
[0.1736731380224228]
[0.48301440477371216]
[0.6194635629653931]
[0.8653918504714966]
[0.4045090973377228]
[3.2377960681915283]
[0.051044050604104996]
[0.15171818435192108]
[0.20829077064990997]
[18.59697723388672]
[0.08308082818984985]
[0.3045712411403656]
[0.17857645452022552]
[1.7468701601028442]
[34.373687744140625]
[0.03429123014211655]
[0.02942395955324173]
[0.6492141485214233]
[0.17341476678848267]
[0.17067354917526245]
[0.1050969809293747]
[7.305474281311035]
[0.0620010644197464]
[0.8976765275001526]
[1.3136143684387207]
[0.3003460764884949]
[0.8065066337585449]
[1.1522976160049438]
[0.2575671374797821]
[0.8499759435653687]
[0.10794316232204437]
[0.8108969330787659]
[1.5372182130813599]
[0.04108267277479172]
[0.08850555121898651]
[0.1870267242193222]
[0.12673801183700562]
[0.125314861536026]
[0.12438271194696426]
[0.11316932737827301]
[0.01670997403562069]
[0.20194052159786224]
[0.3860407769680023]
[0.14087437093257904]
[0.05146169289946556]
[0.33871620893478394]
[0.2380174845457077]
[0.06578760594129562]
[0.19260269403457642]
[0.1274717003107071]
[0.2621581554412842]
[0.07302988320589066]
[0.14396072924137115]
[0.5188536047935486]
[0.20934705436229706]
[1.046125888824463]
[0.09626571834087372]
[0.09568507969379425]
[0.7565671801567078]
[0.06970235705375671]
[0.15909695625305176]
[0.2519329786300659]
[0.30556705594062805]
[0.042505789548158646]
[3.1199347972869873]
[0.2131279706954956]
[0.0343279093503952]
[1.2703603506088257]
[0.12040736526250839]
[0.8534884452819824]
[0.360624223947525]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.2718950510025024]
[0.04956549033522606]
[0.15999598801136017]
[0.057686664164066315]
[0.08777321875095367]
[0.05301542207598686]
[0.09853968769311905]
[0.4281730651855469]
[0.13635045289993286]
[0.09199532866477966]
[0.36567366123199463]
[0.34158122539520264]
[0.12168943136930466]
[0.05041651800274849]
[0.6850810050964355]
[0.09086097031831741]
[1.9294934272766113]
[0.2976435422897339]
[0.08147144317626953]
[0.19848287105560303]
[0.031780339777469635]
[0.1437215358018875]
[1.7538813352584839]
[0.9396043419837952]
[0.15128540992736816]
[0.05355876311659813]
[14.66346549987793]
[0.06699031591415405]
[0.04340203106403351]
[1.6328136920928955]
[0.110775887966156]
[0.05357277765870094]
[0.8979737758636475]
[0.2001522183418274]
[0.10089636594057083]
[0.07792609930038452]
[0.16320820152759552]
[0.6519401669502258]
[0.39100757241249084]
[4.265802383422852]
[1.8092029094696045]
[0.2782805562019348]
[0.0537966787815094]
[0.1725030094385147]
[0.09720966964960098]
[0.28232088685035706]
[0.014163097366690636]
[0.6179584860801697]
[0.060490772128105164]
[0.06034908443689346]
[1.449569821357727]
[0.25161540508270264]
[0.027906769886612892]
[1.2418417930603027]
[0.1776861548423767]
[0.07781481742858887]
[0.06248259171843529]
[0.2638697922229767]
[0.23655135929584503]
[0.4814905822277069]
[0.1221504658460617]
[1.2161520719528198]
[0.1704506129026413]
[0.12191161513328552]
[3.8009276390075684]
[0.4072006642818451]
[0.8140329122543335]
[0.04344674572348595]
[0.18412549793720245]
[0.06094055622816086]
[0.17074795067310333]
[0.14974114298820496]
[0.5358314514160156]
[0.010806100443005562]
[0.08114419877529144]
[0.10412103682756424]
[0.481111079454422]
[0.0757879838347435]
[0.15037500858306885]
[0.23808006942272186]
[1.318405032157898]
[0.5680863857269287]
[0.05185668170452118]
[1.2051990032196045]
[0.3005838394165039]
[0.18092967569828033]
[4.750317573547363]
[0.2824096083641052]
[0.03616546839475632]
[0.15284104645252228]
[0.03705625981092453]
[0.08119048178195953]
[0.11472228914499283]
[0.7194530963897705]
[0.4113348424434662]
[0.10946235060691833]
[0.025967979803681374]
[0.2487475425004959]
[33.947818756103516]
[0.3237840235233307]
[0.036696262657642365]
[0.05484232306480408]
[2.0948777198791504]
[11.928659439086914]
[0.41617926955223083]
[1.4347467422485352]
[0.19472496211528778]
[0.011565537191927433]
[0.09784284234046936]
[0.012572216801345348]
[1.2024544477462769]
[0.07973185181617737]
[0.0836552232503891]
[1.213863492012024]
[0.02643807977437973]
[26.613866806030273]
[0.665190577507019]
[1.4179954528808594]
[0.06298479437828064]
[0.03637123480439186]
[0.026706799864768982]
[0.07266853749752045]
[0.029120344668626785]
[0.06283643841743469]
[1.4155501127243042]
[0.16755656898021698]
[0.09578973799943924]
[0.16194991767406464]
[0.28945082426071167]
[0.10164502263069153]
[0.06498599052429199]
[0.09327231347560883]
[0.0812055841088295]
[0.06525853276252747]
[0.27344563603401184]
[0.5000516176223755]
[0.11131566762924194]
[2.4887313842773438]
[0.17345170676708221]
[0.1102791577577591]
[0.47100794315338135]
[0.636841356754303]
[0.35496047139167786]
[0.07587964087724686]
[0.10180869698524475]
[2.437598943710327]
[0.10092363506555557]
[0.28732237219810486]
[0.0633312314748764]
[0.3358173668384552]
[0.20614707469940186]
[0.6439950466156006]
[0.07223137468099594]
[0.0865153893828392]
[0.13102975487709045]
[0.43603694438934326]
[0.08640740066766739]
[0.12722530961036682]
[0.03517448529601097]
[0.21991422772407532]
[0.0823695957660675]
[0.9953330755233765]
[0.27455928921699524]
[0.012622849084436893]
[0.28103965520858765]
[0.38177669048309326]
[0.8536180853843689]
[0.9365956783294678]
[0.2743563950061798]
[0.6234679222106934]
[0.06651695817708969]
[0.43192771077156067]
[0.06744613498449326]
[0.06814615428447723]
[0.15790840983390808]
[0.6874549984931946]
[0.0386236347258091]
[0.06366272270679474]
[1.4808181524276733]
[0.4901597499847412]
[0.4365761876106262]
[0.09529817849397659]
[0.20910687744617462]
[0.2598912715911865]
[0.06280242651700974]
[0.054380156099796295]
[0.2577514350414276]
[0.039059631526470184]
[0.14688800275325775]
[0.08025771379470825]
[0.1223636269569397]
[0.17806264758110046]
[0.02668573707342148]
[0.6956443786621094]
[0.10617410391569138]
[0.16419395804405212]
[2.159513473510742]
[0.09648360311985016]
[0.7865938544273376]
[0.13463321328163147]
[1.2935125827789307]
[0.12477476894855499]
[0.12067246437072754]
[0.10411886125802994]
[0.5689408779144287]
[0.16238966584205627]
[0.09187721461057663]
[0.06798424571752548]
[0.06795951724052429]
[0.05300726369023323]
[0.12625814974308014]
[0.07188651710748672]
[0.17772996425628662]
[0.2219182401895523]
[0.11202419549226761]
[19.282072067260742]
[0.11481370031833649]
[0.04446509853005409]
[0.6581881642341614]
[0.13755525648593903]
[0.03994886577129364]
[0.031213335692882538]
[0.02793436124920845]
[0.08870772272348404]
[0.06618713587522507]
[0.3126072585582733]
[0.20664243400096893]
[0.2009870707988739]
[0.5500872135162354]
[0.10404989123344421]
[0.048781782388687134]
[0.16613060235977173]
[0.05616970360279083]
[0.04167011380195618]
[1.3804510831832886]
[0.20260997116565704]
[16.998014450073242]
[0.022153634577989578]
[0.5345011353492737]
[0.03262253478169441]
[0.5328856110572815]
[0.3097607493400574]
[0.3201630115509033]
[0.04230823367834091]
[0.030188962817192078]
[0.04427193105220795]
[0.09419891983270645]
[0.09416589140892029]
[109.01654052734375]
[0.738698422908783]
[0.04626725614070892]
[0.056489743292331696]
[0.6880661249160767]
[22.826494216918945]
[0.29193180799484253]
[0.14899033308029175]
[0.1147724837064743]
[21.736356735229492]
[11.032337188720703]
[0.6853296756744385]
[0.6157547235488892]
[0.055737510323524475]
[0.19020862877368927]
[0.14392401278018951]
[0.017288286238908768]
[0.08517217636108398]
[0.10469943284988403]
[1.2204135656356812]
[56.235191345214844]
[2.057828426361084]
[1.0601269006729126]
[4.669672012329102]
[0.07262831926345825]
[0.7124355435371399]
[0.19233602285385132]
[1.4657570123672485]
[1.914384126663208]
[0.8256661891937256]
[0.16649454832077026]
[0.6584950089454651]
[0.3784266710281372]
[0.1120697483420372]
[0.39700496196746826]
[3.2594499588012695]
[2.783139228820801]
[29.86489486694336]
[0.31515786051750183]
[0.1389342099428177]
[0.7642974257469177]
[1.3876930475234985]
[0.537899911403656]
[0.6225799918174744]
[61.18058776855469]
[4.029788970947266]
[0.2290995568037033]
[0.1765146255493164]
[0.9589036703109741]
[1.2512133121490479]
[0.3044653832912445]
[0.3746398985385895]
[1.0882999897003174]
[5.889025688171387]
[0.3148151636123657]
[0.11291827261447906]
[58.20018005371094]
[0.2954230308532715]
[2.225752115249634]
[212.1754150390625]
[0.9733227491378784]
[0.9917089343070984]
[0.1110457107424736]
[1.8222099542617798]
[7.563962459564209]
[0.7536784410476685]
[0.23996251821517944]
[1.5133278369903564]
[0.7328038811683655]
[0.3528994619846344]
[0.33916565775871277]
[9.045429229736328]
[4.087619781494141]
[1.2718485593795776]
[9.33301830291748]
[9.780640602111816]
[1.763429880142212]
[0.32490646839141846]
[0.7394185662269592]
[0.12916457653045654]
[2.9544904232025146]
[2.8579933643341064]
[0.9448969960212708]
[1.5596504211425781]
[5.186028957366943]
[0.5987065434455872]
[6.236179828643799]
[2.0652098655700684]
[2.1975455284118652]
[0.22249433398246765]
[0.8352887630462646]
[0.24544060230255127]
[0.248531773686409]
[1.7253947257995605]
[1.241735577583313]
[0.6935383081436157]
[3.764148473739624]
[0.40904688835144043]
[1.202163577079773]
[14.29944133758545]
[0.17708612978458405]
[1.115515112876892]
[1.6840792894363403]
[3.573998212814331]
[0.6048439741134644]
[6.991909027099609]
[0.24955417215824127]
[0.027518711984157562]
[0.43339017033576965]
[0.37955302000045776]
[0.19566002488136292]
[0.12427838146686554]
[0.14601139724254608]
[0.1329292356967926]
[2.290726900100708]
[27.746362686157227]
[0.9001346826553345]
[1.1168882846832275]
[0.06092163175344467]
[0.44259247183799744]
[1.088774561882019]
[1.1391043663024902]
[1.7764859199523926]
[1.8407536745071411]
[0.1633046269416809]
[2.3663017749786377]
[0.3913421928882599]
[0.8974521160125732]
[0.3828653395175934]
[0.8389151096343994]
[1.3631396293640137]
[0.04061074182391167]
[0.19780942797660828]
[56.647727966308594]
[0.37304505705833435]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.24564722180366516]
[0.10487865656614304]
[0.04527896270155907]
[0.16217352449893951]
[0.1430472433567047]
[0.08817968517541885]
[0.07262085378170013]
[0.061327505856752396]
[0.5391812324523926]
[0.08520122617483139]
[7.860011100769043]
[0.14618739485740662]
[0.19085632264614105]
[0.29657822847366333]
[1.0557223558425903]
[0.09942211210727692]
[0.07945752888917923]
[0.030570929870009422]
[0.8295923471450806]
[0.06552180647850037]
[0.05656018853187561]
[0.3125569522380829]
[0.036173466593027115]
[0.015947218984365463]
[0.3171316087245941]
[0.6750580668449402]
[0.07957898825407028]
[0.4034404456615448]
[0.21389761567115784]
[0.010360730811953545]
[0.05085030570626259]
[0.11711443960666656]
[0.9460539817810059]
[0.020886054262518883]
[0.24713654816150665]
[0.6568698287010193]
[0.03806060552597046]
[0.1252109408378601]
[0.37864381074905396]
[75.29228210449219]
[11.586748123168945]
[0.612521231174469]
[0.7635394930839539]
[0.48213404417037964]
[0.3494274616241455]
[0.04735255241394043]
[0.09074562042951584]
[0.5325521230697632]
[0.2587674856185913]
[0.9310715198516846]
[0.1427779197692871]
[0.06110118329524994]
[0.2618447244167328]
[0.29312512278556824]
[0.5942615866661072]
[115.08753204345703]
[0.14498373866081238]
[1.5326833724975586]
[1.0673257112503052]
[0.29594355821609497]
[0.3807525336742401]
[27.428726196289062]
[97.79251861572266]
[0.6122097373008728]
[0.06836727261543274]
[0.4201814532279968]
[0.3043806552886963]
[17.086450576782227]
[2.138739585876465]
[0.2708771526813507]
[0.5572203993797302]
[0.15390193462371826]
[0.0741284117102623]
[0.829792857170105]
[13.23138427734375]
[2.9455442428588867]
[0.17182081937789917]
[0.4668246805667877]
[0.08399701863527298]
[0.06495554745197296]
[0.08372089266777039]
[0.07386671006679535]
[0.19946518540382385]
[0.08400338888168335]
[0.6644865274429321]
[0.09233272820711136]
[2.9962499141693115]
[0.7120266556739807]
[0.09333205968141556]
[0.07782652974128723]
[23.07193374633789]
[0.07480698078870773]
[0.04055379703640938]
[2.723950147628784]
[0.42439350485801697]
[0.5709483623504639]
[0.4073348641395569]
[0.0723254382610321]
[0.7754059433937073]
[0.2054489254951477]
[0.07447001338005066]
[0.070789635181427]
[0.21931028366088867]
[0.11437545716762543]
[0.04813214763998985]
[7.653389930725098]
[0.02456243336200714]
[1.2290863990783691]
[0.1346900910139084]
[0.12623494863510132]
[0.10202601552009583]
[0.14833112061023712]
[0.09012331813573837]
[2.272979259490967]
[0.04390665516257286]
[0.12788555026054382]
[0.15670965611934662]
[0.2623743712902069]
[0.11173902451992035]
[0.26573875546455383]
[0.23403118550777435]
[0.06379864364862442]
[0.07809564471244812]
[0.10879343003034592]
[0.20233528316020966]
[0.1332276463508606]
[18.86154556274414]
[0.030727405101060867]
[1.0895336866378784]
[0.3892422616481781]
[0.05378396436572075]
[0.044724687933921814]
[0.050305113196372986]
[1.403160572052002]
[0.12530198693275452]
[0.07979298382997513]
[0.338128000497818]
[2.3803083896636963]
[0.05269157513976097]
[0.05543164908885956]
[0.1187385767698288]
[0.26370224356651306]
[0.30817940831184387]
[0.3362521231174469]
[0.02671888656914234]
[0.033609356731176376]
[0.2969292402267456]
[0.28138792514801025]
[0.096558578312397]
[0.8466440439224243]
[0.04128582775592804]
[0.21903514862060547]
[0.13643552362918854]
[0.07982975989580154]
[0.09866940230131149]
[0.04005388915538788]
[0.5091093182563782]
[11.296317100524902]
[0.3466768264770508]
[0.047527976334095]
[0.03921913355588913]
[0.24569591879844666]
[0.09215838462114334]
[0.8028712272644043]
[0.5964550971984863]
[0.04685972258448601]
[0.0344482883810997]
[0.06298360228538513]
[0.030231868848204613]
[0.9762489795684814]
[0.08945155143737793]
[0.01925269328057766]
[0.06545929610729218]
[0.11725112050771713]
[0.7734887003898621]
[0.21145322918891907]
[0.2683718800544739]
[0.08163601905107498]
[0.4451965391635895]
[0.8397617340087891]
[0.3928428292274475]
[0.10562875866889954]
[1.3757160902023315]
[0.6931376457214355]
[0.06228458508849144]
[0.10013046115636826]
[0.05594092234969139]
[0.5477891564369202]
[0.08917467296123505]
[0.4465296268463135]
[0.12009759992361069]
[0.2546609938144684]
[0.05010727047920227]
[0.622402012348175]
[0.08803261816501617]
[0.1376388967037201]
[0.01962437853217125]
[4.166589260101318]
[0.028298165649175644]
[0.2635985314846039]
[0.08373790979385376]
[0.11179657280445099]
[0.23893876373767853]
[0.05798373371362686]
[0.37107425928115845]
[0.13484030961990356]
[0.0526227131485939]
[0.06343665719032288]
[0.48266667127609253]
[0.20423786342144012]
[0.07565563917160034]
[0.08199556171894073]
[2.2285830974578857]
[0.1053687185049057]
[0.09909553825855255]
[0.04825348034501076]
[142.83006286621094]
[1.1404967308044434]
[0.7510178089141846]
[0.06585513800382614]
[2.17563796043396]
[0.47122398018836975]
[0.07089146971702576]
[0.717440664768219]
[1.360591173171997]
[0.07423250377178192]
[40.71580505371094]
[0.7519329190254211]
[1.5209087133407593]
[0.9730295538902283]
[0.03617999702692032]
[1.0000832080841064]
[24.6178035736084]
[4.091092109680176]
[0.36235424876213074]
[0.04237191379070282]
[1.1364216804504395]
[0.050924528390169144]
[0.24865831434726715]
[0.2814302444458008]
[0.23245976865291595]
[0.1354239135980606]
[0.1601942777633667]
[0.20655333995819092]
[0.2376335859298706]
[0.24285541474819183]
[0.0675823912024498]
[0.15106046199798584]
[0.5880923271179199]
[0.33271682262420654]
[0.22349199652671814]
[0.5115947723388672]
[0.39419907331466675]
[0.22027011215686798]
[0.08572190999984741]
[0.07967217266559601]
[0.12271043658256531]
[0.8466886281967163]
[0.0720137283205986]
[0.07551731169223785]
[0.06376498937606812]
[1.0992329120635986]
[1.9939508438110352]
[0.7177426218986511]
[0.06894312053918839]
[0.06775350123643875]
[0.5334804058074951]
[0.2377314567565918]
[0.060010600835084915]
[0.6830289959907532]
[0.342752605676651]
[1.448084831237793]
[0.8091809153556824]
[0.7999268174171448]
[6.2248077392578125]
[0.058745283633470535]
[0.021678859367966652]
[0.18646511435508728]
[0.06303896754980087]
[0.13762186467647552]
[0.05746901407837868]
[0.0484430156648159]
[13.601079940795898]
[0.6687924861907959]
[1.702102541923523]
[0.03688300773501396]
[0.025802597403526306]
[0.055987220257520676]
[0.07819521427154541]
[0.24555043876171112]
[0.06067737191915512]
[0.05901767686009407]
[0.14470922946929932]
[0.06162901222705841]
[0.01784726418554783]
[2.207775354385376]
[0.3476801812648773]
[0.054435405880212784]
[0.26724421977996826]
[0.012322204187512398]
[2.720890998840332]
[0.08848274499177933]
[0.06544859707355499]
[0.0574486218392849]
[0.08811631053686142]
[0.3510642945766449]
[0.2824786305427551]
[0.4473428428173065]
[0.34375858306884766]
[0.54848313331604]
[0.061476144939661026]
[3.8185577392578125]
[0.11069588363170624]
[0.2284262776374817]
[0.2777041494846344]
[17.772533416748047]
[0.04907703399658203]
[6.041257381439209]
[0.0728074386715889]
[0.7534367442131042]
[0.16988636553287506]
[0.2186712771654129]
[1.4389625787734985]
[0.38110825419425964]
[0.48258259892463684]
[0.21026769280433655]
[0.056493014097213745]
[0.15647688508033752]
[0.07146850973367691]
[0.14800560474395752]
[0.13928857445716858]
[0.08432245999574661]
[0.07246885448694229]
[0.0587189644575119]
[0.0300577562302351]
[0.08311738073825836]
[25.622356414794922]
[0.7920746803283691]
[0.1294582635164261]
[0.05602613463997841]
[0.1264505386352539]
[0.802023708820343]
[0.06634759157896042]
[0.11394453048706055]
[0.08051890134811401]
[0.07453273236751556]
[0.3277340233325958]
[0.16042231023311615]
[0.2881695628166199]
[1.1297657489776611]
[0.1187053769826889]
[0.241296648979187]
[0.032933901995420456]
[0.0619175098836422]
[0.021561704576015472]
[0.02065912075340748]
[0.061342302709817886]
[0.11319156736135483]
[0.2159213125705719]
[0.05213883891701698]
[0.32855159044265747]
[0.2341141253709793]
[0.48392364382743835]
[0.07437606900930405]
[0.052702464163303375]
[0.5909222960472107]
[0.07705572247505188]
[0.0594974122941494]
[0.9554833173751831]
[0.0317276269197464]
[0.05425996705889702]
[0.14846642315387726]
[0.13284048438072205]
[0.37799522280693054]
[0.13021928071975708]
[0.10380479693412781]
[0.12802451848983765]
[24.887094497680664]
[0.7518442273139954]
[0.5577843189239502]
[0.09248897433280945]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.06773480772972107]
[0.03377912938594818]
[0.32007476687431335]
[1.5906591415405273]
[2.11618709564209]
[0.019192511215806007]
[0.06061140447854996]
[0.07238955795764923]
[0.563468873500824]
[0.018180010840296745]
[0.09083196520805359]
[0.22004058957099915]
[1.013037085533142]
[0.07229609042406082]
[0.2733134925365448]
[20.259418487548828]
[0.05818205699324608]
[0.5913635492324829]
[12.446281433105469]
[0.27044594287872314]
[0.06986144185066223]
[0.20640641450881958]
[0.4149523675441742]
[0.06202201917767525]
[0.9085420966148376]
[0.23299448192119598]
[0.2297833412885666]
[0.176317036151886]
[0.17976127564907074]
[0.07000160217285156]
[2.434323310852051]
[0.06003450229763985]
[0.05538882315158844]
[0.08223949372768402]
[0.13037711381912231]
[0.11445260047912598]
[0.3260479271411896]
[0.8555344343185425]
[0.2746032178401947]
[0.0600479394197464]
[0.11262097954750061]
[3.1844818592071533]
[0.21427753567695618]
[0.05203689634799957]
[0.8276108503341675]
[2.3691039085388184]
[0.06529993563890457]
[0.046639714390039444]
[11.964776992797852]
[0.6696437001228333]
[0.7265012860298157]
[0.06377377361059189]
[1.6525615453720093]
[0.04546612128615379]
[0.07851818203926086]
[0.035427965223789215]
[0.4469476044178009]
[0.016099898144602776]
[0.013541046530008316]
[0.08023208379745483]
[2.575772285461426]
[0.27619296312332153]
[0.49461013078689575]
[0.8159937262535095]
[0.6456281542778015]
[0.03600606322288513]
[0.01927320659160614]
[0.11837001144886017]
[1.1911206245422363]
[0.6991048455238342]
[29.486774444580078]
[0.015203685499727726]
[0.13222214579582214]
[0.3515520989894867]
[0.06511297821998596]
[0.09177251160144806]
[1.1915690898895264]
[4.299981594085693]
[0.014045613817870617]
[0.9069815278053284]
[0.09499873220920563]
[0.43343254923820496]
[0.08866620063781738]
[0.5313527584075928]
[0.11285591870546341]
[0.3916094899177551]
[0.05422023683786392]
[0.07004161179065704]
[0.04878602549433708]
[0.10192336142063141]
[0.07727307081222534]
[0.07770483195781708]
[0.0721750259399414]
[0.017210720106959343]
[0.8026229739189148]
[0.8511867523193359]
[0.02475074492394924]
[22.712844848632812]
[0.5789281725883484]
[0.09396132826805115]
[0.5430212616920471]
[0.04113350063562393]
[36.90113067626953]
[0.2614731788635254]
[0.5832163095474243]
[0.045313116163015366]
[15.06418228149414]
[0.020714716985821724]
[0.026653356850147247]
[8.495294570922852]
[0.09054548293352127]
[0.8161143660545349]
[0.08552933484315872]
[0.10786918550729752]
[0.19095197319984436]
[0.058961354196071625]
[0.10535097122192383]
[0.7170504927635193]
[1.8281264305114746]
[1.2974931001663208]
[0.08254633098840714]
[0.13317376375198364]
[0.12107028067111969]
[0.11277410387992859]
[0.8167850375175476]
[0.03615702688694]
[1.7706503868103027]
[0.035296883434057236]
[0.03497302904725075]
[0.24428077042102814]
[0.15283365547657013]
[0.10785846412181854]
[0.03761206194758415]
[173.20040893554688]
[0.0643005445599556]
[0.48897412419319153]
[0.09346634149551392]
[0.9915504455566406]
[0.04412033036351204]
[0.7485049366950989]
[0.1517098993062973]
[0.013031315989792347]
[3.177100419998169]
[0.009911008179187775]
[0.04739154502749443]
[0.02182275615632534]
[0.05904766544699669]
[0.02811472862958908]
[0.07035212218761444]
[0.28531351685523987]
[0.08278679102659225]
[0.06979799270629883]
[0.3940873444080353]
[0.14620326459407806]
[0.3204829692840576]
[0.04099656268954277]
[0.08531263470649719]
[0.03859435394406319]
[0.03197838366031647]
[0.011492359451949596]
[0.8512387871742249]
[0.05338485166430473]
[0.29736849665641785]
[1.0503618717193604]
[0.12355140596628189]
[0.20017479360103607]
[0.22821544110774994]
[1.2876441478729248]
[1.3006056547164917]
[0.05741829797625542]
[0.019296763464808464]
[0.4809262454509735]
[0.2231900840997696]
[0.5966253280639648]
[0.06652495265007019]
[0.06052779033780098]
[0.11224561929702759]
[0.2823227345943451]
[0.26032352447509766]
[0.3056968152523041]
[0.05739938095211983]
[0.8645877242088318]
[0.038241319358348846]
[0.08306346088647842]
[0.09836073219776154]
[0.027509691193699837]
[0.08248743414878845]
[0.028302829712629318]
[0.6206943392753601]
[0.03239220753312111]
[0.012891581282019615]
[0.020577916875481606]
[0.3504576086997986]
[0.015071745961904526]
[0.03346911445260048]
[1.2392299175262451]
[3.4647464752197266]
[0.4570806920528412]
[0.04723985493183136]
[2.1320836544036865]
[0.13727997243404388]
[0.1512245088815689]
[0.08371981978416443]
[0.05443273484706879]
[0.01662539504468441]
[23.06683349609375]
[0.7618067860603333]
[0.20078152418136597]
[0.08394496887922287]
[0.10406190156936646]
[0.06606514751911163]
[0.06422007828950882]
[0.19334763288497925]
[0.16283157467842102]
[0.1503549963235855]
[0.7344335913658142]
[0.13626760244369507]
[1.0892375707626343]
[0.19429929554462433]
[1.148909568786621]
[0.08298318088054657]
[0.1516955941915512]
[0.18508051335811615]
[5.135307788848877]
[0.28595781326293945]
[10.897594451904297]
[0.07789716124534607]
[0.16889090836048126]
[0.6471274495124817]
[0.13098731637001038]
[0.06478136777877808]
[0.08905750513076782]
[0.6965212225914001]
[0.0968557745218277]
[0.055801935493946075]
[0.05306579917669296]
[0.04227972403168678]
[0.030429795384407043]
[0.48272210359573364]
[0.11383295059204102]
[0.04593311622738838]
[1.6539605855941772]
[0.09242033213376999]
[0.033047497272491455]
[0.23265506327152252]
[0.10954701155424118]
[0.07546669244766235]
[0.09347973018884659]
[0.0688367709517479]
[1.2920658588409424]
[0.0421590618789196]
[0.7370172142982483]
[0.9952020049095154]
[0.4021662771701813]
[1.796409249305725]
[0.05938150733709335]
[0.07094265520572662]
[0.16326762735843658]
[0.029933135956525803]
[0.5837060213088989]
[0.06166790425777435]
[0.030648179352283478]
[28.96169662475586]
[1.23655366897583]
[0.13374486565589905]
[1.9754256010055542]
[0.015467517077922821]
[0.07313340157270432]
[0.8776209950447083]
[0.20318885147571564]
[0.046531662344932556]
[0.12162414193153381]
[0.3981722295284271]
[0.3686255216598511]
[0.05252315104007721]
[0.017385238781571388]
[0.28193244338035583]
[0.17511339485645294]
[0.25093311071395874]
[0.5634231567382812]
[0.05143427848815918]
[0.2574940025806427]
[0.7718369960784912]
[0.09967994689941406]
[0.1336129903793335]
[0.9320157766342163]
[0.7628706097602844]
[0.07883091270923615]
[0.1525932252407074]
[0.06289110332727432]
[0.1928369402885437]
[0.039837680757045746]
[0.8176373839378357]
[0.021701546385884285]
[0.6353198289871216]
[0.08288431167602539]
[0.9176843762397766]
[0.05931655317544937]
[0.08481647819280624]
[0.12148185074329376]
[0.01958959549665451]
[0.167853444814682]
[0.6459581851959229]
[0.0239158496260643]
[0.060668982565402985]
[0.05629655718803406]
[0.23792262375354767]
[0.06049364432692528]
[89.97042846679688]
[0.017268506810069084]
[0.40134334564208984]
[0.2822626233100891]
[0.6963757276535034]
[0.8490742444992065]
[0.046153683215379715]
[0.34721821546554565]
[0.7515255808830261]
[0.10888756811618805]
[0.013883824460208416]
[0.014679738320410252]
[1.1726642847061157]
[0.03301256150007248]
[0.12962669134140015]
[1293.3636474609375]
[0.03129715844988823]
[0.08026827126741409]
[0.0599253848195076]
[0.025620853528380394]
[23.093294143676758]
[0.08124330639839172]
[0.060234326869249344]
[0.096786268055439]
[70.72460174560547]
[0.06911813467741013]
[0.20522376894950867]
[0.09152738749980927]
[0.3715428113937378]
[0.4603390395641327]
[50.528987884521484]
[1.5443764925003052]
[0.13590171933174133]
[0.32622894644737244]
[1.0958248376846313]
[2.13030743598938]
[0.21153822541236877]
[0.2554764747619629]
[2.1602914333343506]
[0.23518630862236023]
[0.20137855410575867]
[0.4679137170314789]
[0.028657294809818268]
[23.965906143188477]
[0.04380251094698906]
[0.04137275740504265]
[0.03741173446178436]
[0.013117668218910694]
[0.24269051849842072]
[2.6278111934661865]
[0.02395716868340969]
[0.06490341573953629]
[21.936378479003906]
[0.028350815176963806]
[0.10711333900690079]
[0.03953356668353081]
[0.25535711646080017]
[0.02816147357225418]
[0.20109298825263977]
[0.4086114168167114]
[0.06118452921509743]
[0.2643137574195862]
[0.051314614713191986]
[0.10301283746957779]
[0.11593543738126755]
[0.5076554417610168]
[0.046049389988183975]
[0.05941770225763321]
[0.0450848713517189]
[0.19886450469493866]
[0.0655548945069313]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.3872819244861603]
[0.10873434692621231]
[1.0013099908828735]
[0.7251113057136536]
[0.10779216885566711]
[29.886789321899414]
[0.6895856261253357]
[0.2553357183933258]
[0.625138521194458]
[0.04369629546999931]
[0.06432678550481796]
[0.16715297102928162]
[0.027202147990465164]
[0.04417954385280609]
[0.07633280009031296]
[0.10678959637880325]
[1.1017272472381592]
[0.009060223586857319]
[1.2351549863815308]
[0.23817898333072662]
[0.062466420233249664]
[0.04774296656250954]
[47.927059173583984]
[0.10719050467014313]
[0.11446192115545273]
[1.1858813762664795]
[0.20241518318653107]
[0.22631874680519104]
[89.91891479492188]
[0.0375913642346859]
[16.836597442626953]
[0.03724406659603119]
[0.2615319490432739]
[0.11172749847173691]
[0.20385538041591644]
[0.17007142305374146]
[0.08972757309675217]
[0.16550588607788086]
[29.56621551513672]
[0.20419877767562866]
[0.09739715605974197]
[21058.126953125]
[0.07245795428752899]
[0.1582316756248474]
[0.2173968106508255]
[55.9569206237793]
[1.6578510999679565]
[0.0358242392539978]
[0.024892432615160942]
[18.750595092773438]
[4.082873344421387]
[5.479208946228027]
[0.16355329751968384]
[0.686556875705719]
[6.000917911529541]
[0.18319082260131836]
[0.6810179948806763]
[0.5009633302688599]
[2.3474245071411133]
[0.8771920800209045]
[63.119300842285156]
[0.1999068707227707]
[1.4086607694625854]
[4.200979232788086]
[2.316016435623169]
[0.9869447946548462]
[4.143573760986328]
[0.17377004027366638]
[0.4484570324420929]
[1.3908965587615967]
[0.6843920946121216]
[1.3841818571090698]
[40.227169036865234]
[8.671670913696289]
[0.09382697194814682]
[0.0387214794754982]
[1.2407138347625732]
[4.624000072479248]
[1.433684229850769]
[6.843914031982422]
[1.4488943815231323]
[1.2810899019241333]
[1.1874535083770752]
[4.565059661865234]
[0.03891061246395111]
[1.1691248416900635]
[1.0595349073410034]
[1.849539041519165]
[0.7620832920074463]
[2.4849188327789307]
[1.218104600906372]
[0.06373313069343567]
[0.2735549211502075]
[0.4402827322483063]
[17.94095802307129]
[0.07728471606969833]
[0.7803410887718201]
[2.843161106109619]
[3.2812111377716064]
[0.3868447244167328]
[0.6118217706680298]
[0.4136020243167877]
[2.076045036315918]
[4.553894996643066]
[1.152624487876892]
[0.18047866225242615]
[2.3953137397766113]
[692.9374389648438]
[172.08982849121094]
[7.69345760345459]
[0.014019038528203964]
[0.1036810427904129]
[0.2231006771326065]
[0.7611414194107056]
[0.2832816243171692]
[2.8938162326812744]
[1.237471342086792]
[0.22116005420684814]
[0.030654646456241608]
[4.694335460662842]
[374.6256103515625]
[0.2149004489183426]
[0.1974436193704605]
[7.273804187774658]
[0.43739014863967896]
[0.5282533764839172]
[1.2841867208480835]
[0.9501199126243591]
[5.448730945587158]
[0.12540672719478607]
[2.4742941856384277]
[2.7646048069000244]
[4.036395072937012]
[0.0743405744433403]
[0.07513958215713501]
[0.33188939094543457]
[0.3562818467617035]
[0.5047420859336853]
[1.7569835186004639]
[0.022192571312189102]
[11.810779571533203]
[0.315134197473526]
[1.0159729719161987]
[0.10819391906261444]
[0.02963305078446865]
[0.06648726016283035]
[0.1921059787273407]
[0.07128158211708069]
[0.15566003322601318]
[0.06515055894851685]
[1.663870096206665]
[1.137897253036499]
[3.5075674057006836]
[2.7135519981384277]
[0.08850489556789398]
[0.30004313588142395]
[0.022043518722057343]
[0.07464682310819626]
[0.949128270149231]
[5139.64111328125]
[0.382844477891922]
[0.35569480061531067]
[0.123563252389431]
[0.7236810326576233]
[0.11593519896268845]
[0.0781860500574112]
[0.21800877153873444]
[0.20226076245307922]
[0.18109078705310822]
[0.11334923654794693]
[3.40107798576355]
[0.3954843580722809]
[0.9340437054634094]
[0.10307509452104568]
[0.15164901316165924]
[284.853271484375]
[11.613709449768066]
[0.27910739183425903]
[2.0704827308654785]
[1.3858181238174438]
[0.1593196988105774]
[2.8315694332122803]
[0.04422906041145325]
[0.09251169860363007]
[0.11425654590129852]
[1.3703203201293945]
[0.27309492230415344]
[0.592303991317749]
[0.8941144347190857]
[0.2120233029127121]
[0.2010476440191269]
[145.84925842285156]
[0.09441357851028442]
[0.2256421148777008]
[0.1236969530582428]
[0.1367402970790863]
[0.11699512600898743]
[0.23340243101119995]
[0.02756870910525322]
[0.07125800102949142]
[0.8349791765213013]
[0.09801613539457321]
[0.03952716663479805]
[0.5320762395858765]
[0.6852638721466064]
[0.03830530494451523]
[0.04401004686951637]
[0.17573842406272888]
[0.5061776041984558]
[0.3152586817741394]
[0.11154003441333771]
[0.01433130819350481]
[1.700435757637024]
[0.21541336178779602]
[0.12043842673301697]
[0.0449838861823082]
[0.38281163573265076]
[0.09080761671066284]
[0.43053722381591797]
[1.8525816202163696]
[0.07933566719293594]
[2.8445448875427246]
[0.2431768774986267]
[0.14046762883663177]
[2.2325503826141357]
[0.1193322092294693]
[0.1961333453655243]
[0.6502569317817688]
[0.3273550868034363]
[0.07723139226436615]
[1.0077916383743286]
[0.18437442183494568]
[0.05319325625896454]
[0.18733036518096924]
[16.301898956298828]
[0.04800604283809662]
[0.6992621421813965]
[0.7279191613197327]
[0.6347453594207764]
[0.02301717735826969]
[0.048483043909072876]
[0.30757954716682434]
[0.03061496466398239]
[0.03988068923354149]
[0.054670967161655426]
[0.08174614608287811]
[0.03470253571867943]
[0.065617635846138]
[0.12293770164251328]
[0.9967243075370789]
[0.14735203981399536]
[0.06383129954338074]
[28.618104934692383]
[0.08361125737428665]
[0.06751802563667297]
[1.2722209692001343]
[0.1609291285276413]
[0.4624234437942505]
[0.17531654238700867]
[0.15066325664520264]
[0.10317236185073853]
[0.12815481424331665]
[0.02845626510679722]
[0.23288697004318237]
[0.13216549158096313]
[0.22049613296985626]
[1.1626249551773071]
[2.2633516788482666]
[0.09816411882638931]
[1.1635469198226929]
[0.2841314971446991]
[0.43863314390182495]
[0.1027306541800499]
[0.5345267057418823]
[1.1968739032745361]
[0.10117008537054062]
[5.6530280113220215]
[1.1923558712005615]
[0.10214696079492569]
[0.10446561127901077]
[0.5466419458389282]
[16.949708938598633]
[0.17366360127925873]
[0.09394737333059311]
[0.14621390402317047]
[0.010818904265761375]
[0.1328536421060562]
[0.010931224562227726]
[1.1626638174057007]
[0.8409505486488342]
[0.5631872415542603]
[0.4280114769935608]
[0.14383552968502045]
[0.43566033244132996]
[0.04080282151699066]
[0.1021442860364914]
[0.07114734500646591]
[1.898282527923584]
[0.3942510187625885]
[0.413522332906723]
[0.09107160568237305]
[0.01023581251502037]
[38.916046142578125]
[0.1369055062532425]
[0.05921003967523575]
[1.8587555885314941]
[0.031869664788246155]
[0.026309484615921974]
[0.2796371877193451]
[0.04171503707766533]
[1.9544528722763062]
[0.05734311416745186]
[0.8031995296478271]
[0.11292518675327301]
[7.541928768157959]
[0.027498193085193634]
[0.057712480425834656]
[0.714905858039856]
[0.11425061523914337]
[0.31397563219070435]
[0.12445098161697388]
[0.21404266357421875]
[0.05591787025332451]
[0.05771723762154579]
[0.06414177268743515]
[0.12240675091743469]
[0.16324692964553833]
[0.24379225075244904]
[0.08091287314891815]
[1.6213078498840332]
[35.9200553894043]
[0.5209486484527588]
[0.04849063232541084]
[0.06217171996831894]
[18.519882202148438]
[0.019505642354488373]
[0.3158678114414215]
[0.07651516795158386]
[0.19947844743728638]
[0.2411014884710312]
[0.08305645734071732]
[0.1303366869688034]
[0.02140142023563385]
[0.6069589853286743]
[0.04784548282623291]
[0.3188018500804901]
[0.15816226601600647]
[0.21246959269046783]
[0.00770271010696888]
[0.27351731061935425]
[1.115614891052246]
[0.03126782178878784]
[0.1461588740348816]
[0.4841856360435486]
[0.9600172638893127]
[0.09690342098474503]
[0.103544682264328]
[0.052171871066093445]
[0.15585055947303772]
[0.04899212718009949]
[0.08423181623220444]
[1.5319197177886963]
[0.8370432257652283]
[0.03296281024813652]
[0.05908282846212387]
[0.050084058195352554]
[0.09507667273283005]
[2.3135712146759033]
[0.04312118515372276]
[0.22337178885936737]
[796.7443237304688]
[0.8644741773605347]
[0.035372380167245865]
[43.943565368652344]
[0.26756587624549866]
[0.04330473765730858]
[0.04536664858460426]
[1.0189392566680908]
[0.611494243144989]
[0.06085282936692238]
[0.07633315771818161]
[26.18256187438965]
[0.10037435591220856]
[0.056071773171424866]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.6750744581222534]
[0.05565071478486061]
[0.07830139994621277]
[0.8626352548599243]
[0.03378170356154442]
[0.5129929780960083]
[0.10584967583417892]
[12.634123802185059]
[0.17255964875221252]
[0.0803857073187828]
[0.4978911578655243]
[0.08800847828388214]
[2.347805976867676]
[11.327322006225586]
[0.09381267428398132]
[0.12022814154624939]
[0.04458354040980339]
[1.8142050504684448]
[0.6015996336936951]
[0.009989201091229916]
[10.46160888671875]
[0.05125442519783974]
[0.3569108843803406]
[0.6759638786315918]
[0.05358533933758736]
[0.08384302258491516]
[0.8311189413070679]
[0.14691033959388733]
[0.7701067924499512]
[0.05775170400738716]
[0.02069062553346157]
[0.10567989945411682]
[1.5920648574829102]
[0.37752434611320496]
[0.007243807893246412]
[1.0859458446502686]
[0.06692934781312943]
[0.02496274560689926]
[0.08946683257818222]
[0.740909218788147]
[0.04319349303841591]
[1.0333549976348877]
[0.049388810992240906]
[0.04098151624202728]
[0.05711674317717552]
[0.007475121412426233]
[0.5824617147445679]
[0.169230118393898]
[9.738208770751953]
[0.8623366355895996]
[0.07112041860818863]
[0.46607911586761475]
[0.06314072012901306]
[0.09124630689620972]
[0.01198281068354845]
[0.04237232729792595]
[0.1377153843641281]
[0.03947772830724716]
[0.018420323729515076]
[0.18773432075977325]
[0.05461730435490608]
[1.183038592338562]
[0.11695237457752228]
[0.35870060324668884]
[1.1988263130187988]
[0.012760731391608715]
[0.5983024835586548]
[0.17103439569473267]
[0.11235908418893814]
[5.075125217437744]
[0.05916416645050049]
[0.2516419589519501]
[0.7850263714790344]
[0.042842231690883636]
[0.7705778479576111]
[0.008245594799518585]
[0.10238105058670044]
[0.9634385108947754]
[0.04504568502306938]
[0.197405144572258]
[1.042763113975525]
[0.837207019329071]
[0.7476087808609009]
[0.0417039580643177]
[0.05895455181598663]
[0.5719614624977112]
[0.14655379951000214]
[0.7625283002853394]
[0.12109722942113876]
[0.49086448550224304]
[0.4552847743034363]
[0.06394050270318985]
[0.08883922547101974]
[0.8062080144882202]
[0.1501438170671463]
[0.16187354922294617]
[0.15468956530094147]
[0.13512684404850006]
[0.172977015376091]
[0.8274877071380615]
[0.09639610350131989]
[0.15435771644115448]
[0.11244262009859085]
[0.013685444369912148]
[0.06914270669221878]
[0.04527008533477783]
[0.03928244113922119]
[0.10281290858983994]
[0.05502721667289734]
[0.7915736436843872]
[0.10473857820034027]
[0.04344649240374565]
[0.44593220949172974]
[0.5648530721664429]
[0.2685835361480713]
[12.570901870727539]
[0.11717885732650757]
[0.155522882938385]
[0.03972543030977249]
[0.10722780972719193]
[0.08127083629369736]
[0.022511404007673264]
[1.8865540027618408]
[12.752606391906738]
[0.06172452121973038]
[0.8175655603408813]
[0.2577884793281555]
[0.042690861970186234]
[0.09698867797851562]
[0.09720310568809509]
[2.0170068740844727]
[0.18183229863643646]
[0.07287422567605972]
[8.42728328704834]
[1.099494218826294]
[0.10650262236595154]
[0.5191646814346313]
[0.24688252806663513]
[0.14349636435508728]
[0.06451766192913055]
[0.02864927612245083]
[0.05746299400925636]
[0.4046935737133026]
[0.1273277997970581]
[0.5921517014503479]
[0.3305390477180481]
[0.06751833111047745]
[0.5871517658233643]
[0.06918991357088089]
[0.06493071466684341]
[0.0561569407582283]
[0.03803325816988945]
[0.019451448693871498]
[0.045708540827035904]
[0.18402113020420074]
[0.1265135258436203]
[0.09394580125808716]
[0.038879383355379105]
[0.0469440259039402]
[0.049084533005952835]
[0.03169190138578415]
[0.06334293633699417]
[0.04752939194440842]
[1.5838983058929443]
[0.040744390338659286]
[0.10426467657089233]
[0.7956886887550354]
[1.086217999458313]
[0.020338911563158035]
[0.06220153719186783]
[0.8226179480552673]
[0.05378527194261551]
[0.20651791989803314]
[10.034729957580566]
[0.040999989956617355]
[0.10396018624305725]
[0.04918501898646355]
[0.036183904856443405]
[0.7633504271507263]
[0.06005202233791351]
[0.030535103753209114]
[0.7054210901260376]
[0.06559502333402634]
[0.10698647797107697]
[10.810355186462402]
[9.255171775817871]
[0.02778390608727932]
[0.054166413843631744]
[0.07568930834531784]
[0.05655382201075554]
[0.026438694447278976]
[0.05216062068939209]
[0.03772766515612602]
[0.47045689821243286]
[0.08609648793935776]
[0.29599055647850037]
[0.04639856889843941]
[0.17953990399837494]
[0.08924715965986252]
[0.02370220609009266]
[0.33475613594055176]
[0.02546638250350952]
[1.8273686170578003]
[0.04237474501132965]
[0.43149158358573914]
[0.10288742929697037]
[9.105560302734375]
[0.5129844546318054]
[0.042957890778779984]
[0.014607262797653675]
[0.02593311108648777]
[0.8000625371932983]
[0.01694169081747532]
[0.012656335718929768]
[0.07863830029964447]
[0.4918857514858246]
[25.882841110229492]
[0.11137904226779938]
[0.8772496581077576]
[0.2092248946428299]
[0.026690347120165825]
[0.21033567190170288]
[0.11133716255426407]
[0.4891817569732666]
[0.6466599106788635]
[0.5550079345703125]
[0.05184389650821686]
[0.08299785852432251]
[0.033238500356674194]
[0.09184176474809647]
[0.3007723391056061]
[0.05489041283726692]
[0.5767936706542969]
[0.07339931279420853]
[0.28653430938720703]
[0.1629137247800827]
[0.21076397597789764]
[0.046984199434518814]
[0.0946531891822815]
[0.03276287391781807]
[0.05902625620365143]
[0.04258033260703087]
[0.04357708990573883]
[0.6163987517356873]
[0.14266164600849152]
[0.07501798868179321]
[0.07916217297315598]
[0.19631603360176086]
[0.03695487231016159]
[0.3005181849002838]
[0.039770353585481644]
[0.017053212970495224]
[0.78450608253479]
[0.05323699861764908]
[0.05565755069255829]
[0.1913166642189026]
[0.21288837492465973]
[0.06572870165109634]
[1.0299831628799438]
[0.07666327804327011]
[0.029843518510460854]
[0.047063544392585754]
[0.025848686695098877]
[2.1010358333587646]
[0.5103297829627991]
[0.04009285569190979]
[0.10399547219276428]
[0.3419843018054962]
[0.05922222137451172]
[0.274633526802063]
[0.016046326607465744]
[8.969459533691406]
[0.016692571341991425]
[0.3243862986564636]
[0.08271197229623795]
[0.017818495631217957]
[0.13734985888004303]
[0.0681268498301506]
[0.12684127688407898]
[10.840694427490234]
[0.03961602970957756]
[0.08037003874778748]
[0.7812627553939819]
[1.5580146312713623]
[4.353385925292969]
[0.0692606121301651]
[0.9596605896949768]
[0.027138449251651764]
[0.09530007094144821]
[0.7833951711654663]
[0.050517547875642776]
[0.0940127968788147]
[0.03965286165475845]
[0.14574575424194336]
[0.546112596988678]
[0.06329208612442017]
[0.041687533259391785]
[0.11108341068029404]
[0.42957913875579834]
[16.637113571166992]
[0.5523385405540466]
[0.024712596088647842]
[0.03198631852865219]
[7.849652290344238]
[0.12158255279064178]
[0.2112092524766922]
[0.029956139624118805]
[2.116236925125122]
[0.04944463074207306]
[0.18794119358062744]
[0.0647149533033371]
[0.07162093371152878]
[0.01999792829155922]
[2.234253168106079]
[0.05781140178442001]
[0.027854416519403458]
[0.04291088879108429]
[0.06057179346680641]
[0.5467617511749268]
[0.10775678604841232]
[0.05605107173323631]
[0.16748344898223877]
[0.026617515832185745]
[0.07752317935228348]
[0.10767343640327454]
[0.007430762052536011]
[0.020929448306560516]
[0.17985814809799194]
[0.026128463447093964]
[0.07325085252523422]
[0.2011175900697708]
[0.09777957201004028]
[0.02574494294822216]
[0.061977680772542953]
[0.030295541509985924]
[0.029057107865810394]
[0.08750243484973907]
[0.028906075283885002]
[0.1255536675453186]
[0.08954945206642151]
[0.04749315232038498]
[0.02482081577181816]
[0.06164572760462761]
[0.08863633871078491]
[0.02586507983505726]
[1.0709015130996704]
[0.0459500327706337]
[0.06263343244791031]
[0.022905318066477776]
[0.045995987951755524]
[0.06850387901067734]
[0.2292669713497162]
[0.036599453538656235]
[0.057641901075839996]
[0.14548982679843903]
[0.06559527665376663]
[11.270236015319824]
[0.3930215835571289]
[0.08326517790555954]
[0.06854303181171417]
[0.038010068237781525]
[0.025635160505771637]
[0.04185017570853233]
[0.06595714390277863]
[0.18213196098804474]
[0.02541572041809559]
[0.07819383591413498]
[0.10473228245973587]
[0.03255258500576019]
[0.5634397864341736]
[1.0797277688980103]
[0.03286776691675186]
[0.22197268903255463]
[0.06137990579009056]
[0.05440250784158707]
[0.18940947949886322]
[0.10099735110998154]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.2851189076900482]
[0.0673523023724556]
[0.09978075325489044]
[0.04115075618028641]
[1.651249647140503]
[0.07424584031105042]
[0.04447701573371887]
[0.1930154412984848]
[0.011719143018126488]
[0.007803304120898247]
[0.1862282007932663]
[0.8151014447212219]
[0.03437167778611183]
[9.949524879455566]
[0.04258406534790993]
[0.3441375494003296]
[0.028588464483618736]
[7.414237022399902]
[0.04391399398446083]
[1.4668703079223633]
[0.3021610379219055]
[0.04889041930437088]
[0.026882801204919815]
[0.42586520314216614]
[0.07867500931024551]
[0.7463618516921997]
[1.268997311592102]
[6.565553665161133]
[0.043498434126377106]
[0.05447490140795708]
[0.16891738772392273]
[0.060503292828798294]
[0.08885665982961655]
[0.04800580069422722]
[0.021505272015929222]
[0.049829818308353424]
[16.02266502380371]
[0.07494910061359406]
[0.046256184577941895]
[0.02490885742008686]
[0.010052758269011974]
[0.059349216520786285]
[0.012447323650121689]
[0.026549383997917175]
[0.0504913367331028]
[0.20871490240097046]
[0.19948625564575195]
[0.09183018654584885]
[0.03183569014072418]
[0.7012983560562134]
[0.048078346997499466]
[0.0471426397562027]
[0.041701603680849075]
[0.10048575699329376]
[0.07990463078022003]
[0.031276676803827286]
[2.1225223541259766]
[0.1888767033815384]
[1.3206924200057983]
[0.08382504433393478]
[0.03041120059788227]
[0.13742321729660034]
[0.043089453130960464]
[0.04502605274319649]
[0.09468536078929901]
[0.08459622412919998]
[0.7914464473724365]
[0.1873573362827301]
[0.03801477327942848]
[0.3131192922592163]
[0.059889283031225204]
[0.1534392088651657]
[0.0883970558643341]
[0.06789296865463257]
[35.10614013671875]
[0.028114035725593567]
[0.04720203951001167]
[0.10810140520334244]
[0.21460969746112823]
[35.27180862426758]
[0.11243067681789398]
[0.014297643676400185]
[1.7329130172729492]
[0.04351519048213959]
[0.03060096502304077]
[0.06216432526707649]
[0.19143018126487732]
[0.5065154433250427]
[1.1705807447433472]
[0.08391645550727844]
[0.16673395037651062]
[0.008115753531455994]
[0.6770383715629578]
[0.6556925177574158]
[0.02741280011832714]
[0.5281996726989746]
[0.0719570443034172]
[0.038436032831668854]
[0.06660442054271698]
[0.8610725998878479]
[0.006657893769443035]
[0.7703898549079895]
[0.4289569556713104]
[0.0796312466263771]
[0.07314067333936691]
[0.06317119300365448]
[0.039473697543144226]
[0.5981542468070984]
[0.18895988166332245]
[0.08895567804574966]
[0.025113439187407494]
[0.013847552239894867]
[1.9840372800827026]
[17.43545150756836]
[1.8702157735824585]
[0.04048226773738861]
[0.039680659770965576]
[0.011908644810318947]
[0.023464741185307503]
[0.05709810554981232]
[0.03408996760845184]
[0.5724450945854187]
[0.9089747667312622]
[1.3499641418457031]
[0.05132865905761719]
[0.48097601532936096]
[0.04890860244631767]
[2.3525304794311523]
[0.2647327780723572]
[0.4680882692337036]
[0.2843438982963562]
[0.32098880410194397]
[0.0506446398794651]
[0.2390855997800827]
[0.21510851383209229]
[0.05023911967873573]
[0.026608895510435104]
[0.9695524573326111]
[0.04895663261413574]
[0.026066241785883904]
[0.04171035811305046]
[0.059468843042850494]
[0.04128675162792206]
[0.02706632763147354]
[0.32860827445983887]
[0.01160419825464487]
[0.03609165549278259]
[1.5862306356430054]
[0.5591669678688049]
[0.05191020667552948]
[0.09087453037500381]
[0.14934943616390228]
[0.05794645845890045]
[0.17363430559635162]
[0.9056028127670288]
[0.11752932518720627]
[0.03230603411793709]
[0.043306365609169006]
[0.25033506751060486]
[0.032420214265584946]
[0.09078782051801682]
[0.013202152214944363]
[0.03649524971842766]
[0.03211962431669235]
[0.09908857196569443]
[0.08808966726064682]
[0.4985641539096832]
[0.5063673257827759]
[0.45760437846183777]
[0.06181040406227112]
[4.37077522277832]
[0.03168010711669922]
[1.07030189037323]
[0.044765885919332504]
[0.027653347700834274]
[0.07278047502040863]
[0.07884980738162994]
[0.5066589117050171]
[1.3605833053588867]
[0.0937851220369339]
[0.03693708777427673]
[4.19895076751709]
[0.05474332347512245]
[0.050436630845069885]
[0.18570640683174133]
[0.12947052717208862]
[1.4399023056030273]
[0.022988174110651016]
[0.03952031955122948]
[1.1312156915664673]
[0.31290480494499207]
[0.05717809498310089]
[0.20664186775684357]
[0.04170176386833191]
[0.22876302897930145]
[0.6255265474319458]
[0.07278098911046982]
[0.048517856746912]
[0.2792071998119354]
[0.016946572810411453]
[0.026136333122849464]
[1.585330843925476]
[0.10385319590568542]
[0.40639641880989075]
[0.5534254312515259]
[0.13122907280921936]
[0.020557580515742302]
[0.06284871697425842]
[0.5718386173248291]
[0.07977321743965149]
[0.05066658928990364]
[0.038547299802303314]
[0.0413670539855957]
[0.030884400010108948]
[0.08671756088733673]
[0.045529674738645554]
[23.851282119750977]
[0.2542893588542938]
[0.023741772398352623]
[0.029678134247660637]
[0.02720552124083042]
[0.6225711107254028]
[0.022849082946777344]
[0.04051782190799713]
[12.657570838928223]
[0.22252418100833893]
[0.027453219518065453]
[0.24690411984920502]
[0.17299187183380127]
[0.08361860364675522]
[7.5319719314575195]
[0.06130751222372055]
[26.5369930267334]
[0.036567024886608124]
[0.08201003074645996]
[0.1724255383014679]
[0.0376356765627861]
[0.025698253884911537]
[0.11131244897842407]
[0.6148562431335449]
[10.035441398620605]
[0.03067106008529663]
[0.014292987994849682]
[0.07702923566102982]
[0.5983886122703552]
[0.03767429664731026]
[0.04333869367837906]
[0.5037329196929932]
[0.11151796579360962]
[2.3365793228149414]
[0.5575989484786987]
[0.5180198550224304]
[1.3578846454620361]
[23.757307052612305]
[0.0625901147723198]
[0.04912548139691353]
[0.05178041756153107]
[0.08561192452907562]
[0.050333164632320404]
[0.05821976065635681]
[0.28900763392448425]
[0.09182292222976685]
[0.10492130368947983]
[0.06294316053390503]
[0.04075099155306816]
[0.11930901557207108]
[0.7434455752372742]
[0.1135328933596611]
[0.525631844997406]
[0.19814155995845795]
[0.24533921480178833]
[0.9115685820579529]
[4.2543110847473145]
[0.11552216857671738]
[0.19316034018993378]
[0.1621893048286438]
[2.5334949493408203]
[0.9172241687774658]
[1.0662848949432373]
[0.5509775876998901]
[0.10887015610933304]
[0.16045904159545898]
[0.13094140589237213]
[85.98120880126953]
[0.5267704129219055]
[0.0385885126888752]
[0.14936810731887817]
[0.0362902507185936]
[0.08511276543140411]
[0.06288842111825943]
[0.06766075640916824]
[0.0388648547232151]
[0.05338084697723389]
[0.3525368869304657]
[0.04762449860572815]
[0.05338073894381523]
[0.04670405387878418]
[0.8912460803985596]
[0.21565647423267365]
[0.041890230029821396]
[0.027059512212872505]
[0.06881910562515259]
[0.4220436215400696]
[0.26197493076324463]
[0.013628619723021984]
[2.815293788909912]
[0.038105495274066925]
[0.8933488726615906]
[0.0312238447368145]
[0.07375724613666534]
[0.9035247564315796]
[0.2611812949180603]
[0.047990769147872925]
[0.03965674713253975]
[3.0716371536254883]
[0.017034655436873436]
[0.16940385103225708]
[0.3560367226600647]
[0.015303368680179119]
[0.018939675763249397]
[0.12365631014108658]
[0.06674080342054367]
[0.06342396885156631]
[4.288066864013672]
[0.011134768836200237]
[0.10544421523809433]
[0.033188074827194214]
[0.09167551249265671]
[0.24349218606948853]
[0.4499644935131073]
[0.03710491582751274]
[0.2959250807762146]
[0.1755140721797943]
[0.19524234533309937]
[0.6503464579582214]
[0.4078955054283142]
[0.03823767974972725]
[0.02871135249733925]
[0.03380182385444641]
[0.02921653725206852]
[0.6388921141624451]
[0.0960904136300087]
[0.17336757481098175]
[0.4292536973953247]
[1.9285998344421387]
[0.0349314883351326]
[0.5882753133773804]
[0.02872440032660961]
[0.19419726729393005]
[0.049364347010850906]
[0.03972546011209488]
[0.1887998729944229]
[0.04547617584466934]
[0.08752958476543427]
[0.9061900973320007]
[0.038174524903297424]
[1.9817255735397339]
[0.06288734078407288]
[0.07390625029802322]
[0.02258344739675522]
[0.09830310195684433]
[0.16190291941165924]
[0.8087278008460999]
[22.034727096557617]
[0.43109971284866333]
[0.12881995737552643]
[0.05041787028312683]
[0.05640183389186859]
[0.1775415986776352]
[0.05362682044506073]
[0.04929161071777344]
[0.05088793858885765]
[0.5558512806892395]
[0.2917230725288391]
[0.028182266280055046]
[0.037031929939985275]
[0.06281916797161102]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[68.14427947998047]
[6.998344898223877]
[0.2450961470603943]
[0.4555492699146271]
[1.8219207525253296]
[1.8267451524734497]
[0.23883381485939026]
[0.8332674503326416]
[0.11618001013994217]
[3.7063024044036865]
[1.2628891468048096]
[0.5626603960990906]
[0.11662499606609344]
[0.14334547519683838]
[1.6379481554031372]
[0.6465314626693726]
[104.69152069091797]
[0.44360435009002686]
[0.5082405209541321]
[0.591630220413208]
[0.136297345161438]
[0.1062198355793953]
[0.0780269131064415]
[0.3145727217197418]
[0.024978281930088997]
[0.034896448254585266]
[0.04564486816525459]
[0.1255332976579666]
[0.03027011826634407]
[0.09989075362682343]
[1.9166138172149658]
[0.052237965166568756]
[0.11293274164199829]
[0.09513020515441895]
[0.14505738019943237]
[0.11392248421907425]
[0.800442099571228]
[0.22904598712921143]
[13.594219207763672]
[0.5835475921630859]
[0.03691980242729187]
[0.10621693730354309]
[0.08653669059276581]
[0.15872104465961456]
[0.5484813451766968]
[0.04428926855325699]
[1.8239045143127441]
[4.393773078918457]
[3.5995676517486572]
[0.29772013425827026]
[0.11404196918010712]
[0.022704893723130226]
[0.05156981945037842]
[0.022092292085289955]
[1.291711688041687]
[0.20736420154571533]
[0.3824653923511505]
[0.18830181658267975]
[0.18705934286117554]
[0.05157424136996269]
[0.04458966851234436]
[0.13567186892032623]
[0.009790109470486641]
[0.041985489428043365]
[1.6077560186386108]
[1.9830116033554077]
[1.089684009552002]
[0.3609037399291992]
[14.621094703674316]
[0.07957171648740768]
[0.6308751106262207]
[0.045541469007730484]
[3.9009933471679688]
[0.04940264672040939]
[0.0479358434677124]
[0.08799552172422409]
[0.028441062197089195]
[0.05678156390786171]
[0.020476065576076508]
[0.03495557978749275]
[0.016063963994383812]
[0.007001418620347977]
[0.0265951007604599]
[0.063195139169693]
[5.274598598480225]
[0.24644607305526733]
[0.16678617894649506]
[0.08399965614080429]
[0.01581307128071785]
[0.0394357293844223]
[0.019826432690024376]
[0.08800189197063446]
[0.10104324668645859]
[0.0961393266916275]
[0.08231575787067413]
[2.1473875045776367]
[0.8500504493713379]
[0.11543036252260208]
[0.1103682741522789]
[0.0475449338555336]
[0.8479848504066467]
[0.09362346678972244]
[92.65560913085938]
[0.09678725898265839]
[0.8615984916687012]
[0.032736893743276596]
[0.05243225023150444]
[0.12133145332336426]
[1.0020545721054077]
[4.611966609954834]
[0.025057893246412277]
[0.2039242386817932]
[0.040211811661720276]
[0.07325997203588486]
[0.010804157704114914]
[0.09566541016101837]
[0.5248224139213562]
[0.16959021985530853]
[0.35520243644714355]
[0.6520669460296631]
[0.09974203258752823]
[0.44488799571990967]
[0.23485726118087769]
[0.11261823028326035]
[0.059459805488586426]
[0.19819337129592896]
[0.0713520273566246]
[0.2794140875339508]
[0.2427392601966858]
[0.00848403014242649]
[0.35692599415779114]
[0.5720324516296387]
[0.867606520652771]
[0.009995187632739544]
[1.5295605659484863]
[0.18708385527133942]
[0.1255194991827011]
[0.07176020741462708]
[0.03958462178707123]
[0.07583490014076233]
[20.060312271118164]
[11.118727684020996]
[0.033602796494960785]
[0.03687640279531479]
[0.09184733033180237]
[0.15551070868968964]
[0.02044966071844101]
[0.11080726981163025]
[0.1525435745716095]
[1.3932760953903198]
[2.6152069568634033]
[0.07910937070846558]
[41.240150451660156]
[0.5016419291496277]
[0.03528059646487236]
[0.1271107792854309]
[0.29539021849632263]
[0.03330555930733681]
[0.08049479126930237]
[0.037929635494947433]
[15.96523666381836]
[0.2846950590610504]
[0.558513879776001]
[0.19903667271137238]
[0.03438091650605202]
[0.07849104702472687]
[0.051573313772678375]
[0.08096779137849808]
[0.0319797657430172]
[0.05671409144997597]
[0.0657750591635704]
[0.03170338645577431]
[0.041544049978256226]
[0.1856459677219391]
[0.03231498599052429]
[2.5175836086273193]
[0.20457880198955536]
[0.048047542572021484]
[0.07485448569059372]
[0.0703512579202652]
[0.05980440601706505]
[0.03227158263325691]
[0.013209040276706219]
[0.028543107211589813]
[0.05140979588031769]
[0.052107248455286026]
[0.47413769364356995]
[0.04111867770552635]
[0.08405192196369171]
[0.054661381989717484]
[0.022147884592413902]
[0.02753121592104435]
[0.22088485956192017]
[0.02708691917359829]
[0.025925826281309128]
[67.79218292236328]
[0.02617606148123741]
[0.06308751553297043]
[0.06837223470211029]
[0.05693274363875389]
[0.12335334718227386]
[0.06158844009041786]
[0.14607395231723785]
[0.04657267406582832]
[0.0460004061460495]
[0.03732078894972801]
[0.01787448488175869]
[1.2729828357696533]
[0.1896079182624817]
[0.03959256410598755]
[0.04333024471998215]
[0.042772870510816574]
[0.07901051640510559]
[0.04135995730757713]
[0.4803067445755005]
[0.04047464206814766]
[0.7190168499946594]
[0.2974902093410492]
[0.2711208462715149]
[0.1274472028017044]
[1.9054821729660034]
[0.04399004578590393]
[0.013145912438631058]
[0.4664606750011444]
[0.16302567720413208]
[0.018356742337346077]
[0.02968284860253334]
[0.2948436737060547]
[0.035244036465883255]
[0.1445399671792984]
[0.08420679718255997]
[5.595744609832764]
[0.10397716611623764]
[0.8117690086364746]
[0.030423427000641823]
[0.0938451886177063]
[0.05810166522860527]
[0.06235169991850853]
[0.03054971620440483]
[0.07760602980852127]
[0.07216197997331619]
[0.2201567143201828]
[0.07737451046705246]
[0.07775002717971802]
[0.024125084280967712]
[0.2568221390247345]
[0.21663713455200195]
[3.5793683528900146]
[20.786151885986328]
[0.3763387203216553]
[0.08470951020717621]
[0.39934825897216797]
[0.023112526163458824]
[0.01725126802921295]
[4.749358177185059]
[0.012535913847386837]
[1.0366791486740112]
[0.09163603186607361]
[0.0828218087553978]
[0.11093460023403168]
[0.05074851214885712]
[0.5595186948776245]
[0.8156850934028625]
[0.35295113921165466]
[0.11875047534704208]
[0.7860195636749268]
[0.2871987521648407]
[0.29118242859840393]
[0.09728097170591354]
[0.09105562418699265]
[0.043018851429224014]
[0.7554119229316711]
[0.07325766235589981]
[0.04245243966579437]
[0.08841913193464279]
[47.11830139160156]
[0.03775704652070999]
[0.09704708307981491]
[0.21112440526485443]
[0.025577044114470482]
[0.15398535132408142]
[0.09101267158985138]
[0.1536605805158615]
[0.09531661123037338]
[0.16537292301654816]
[0.07391298562288284]
[0.11044295132160187]
[0.033604130148887634]
[0.0816197395324707]
[0.19218438863754272]
[1.2538928985595703]
[0.03345883637666702]
[0.5342755913734436]
[0.06248553842306137]
[0.020635437220335007]
[0.051852159202098846]
[0.0299970880150795]
[0.06519196182489395]
[0.05108988657593727]
[0.06427072733640671]
[18.140779495239258]
[0.039199814200401306]
[0.5424388647079468]
[0.0250947754830122]
[0.06170514225959778]
[0.259029746055603]
[0.02464257925748825]
[0.1354631781578064]
[1.9820889234542847]
[0.0342896543443203]
[0.13362273573875427]
[0.03876815736293793]
[0.08621584624052048]
[0.0385604053735733]
[0.06974444538354874]
[0.5412474870681763]
[0.08661236613988876]
[0.03103507123887539]
[0.036605626344680786]
[0.06463981419801712]
[0.04119815677404404]
[0.46882906556129456]
[0.035261817276477814]
[0.0536128506064415]
[0.023911044001579285]
[0.04591725766658783]
[3.0466768741607666]
[0.06842952966690063]
[0.04334833472967148]
[0.031405676156282425]
[0.2091127336025238]
[0.0381045863032341]
[0.03697146475315094]
[5.232156753540039]
[0.6338894367218018]
[0.03666922077536583]
[0.21302591264247894]
[0.05615183338522911]
[0.030151061713695526]
[0.6118741631507874]
[0.07206210494041443]
[0.07131289690732956]
[0.4941997230052948]
[0.16608573496341705]
[0.0211359690874815]
[0.08599504828453064]
[0.032511286437511444]
[0.08554794639348984]
[0.026604782789945602]
[0.07514528930187225]
[0.025297902524471283]
[0.5781913995742798]
[0.44478338956832886]
[0.42197322845458984]
[0.02595118060708046]
[0.01891362853348255]
[0.06593680381774902]
[0.04227600619196892]
[0.10240351408720016]
[1.8388954401016235]
[0.013747476041316986]
[0.1319548487663269]
[15.233983993530273]
[0.19415371119976044]
[0.048057686537504196]
[0.20360352098941803]
[0.03822677209973335]
[0.03113354742527008]
[0.8131517171859741]
[0.022320520132780075]
[0.7952494025230408]
[0.5563949346542358]
[0.00866689346730709]
[0.24596059322357178]
[0.05464056134223938]
[0.06560316681861877]
[0.12247643619775772]
[0.7262840270996094]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.06732889264822006]
[0.5935859084129333]
[0.25638318061828613]
[0.015040929429233074]
[0.03516425937414169]
[0.00874702725559473]
[0.1300901621580124]
[0.015152137726545334]
[0.040006496012210846]
[0.5599942207336426]
[0.96602463722229]
[0.025212498381733894]
[0.012942304834723473]
[0.03690352290868759]
[3.171499729156494]
[0.024625837802886963]
[3.115393877029419]
[0.044313374906778336]
[0.10942357033491135]
[0.016947349533438683]
[0.20691867172718048]
[0.012418494559824467]
[0.05956915393471718]
[0.10410153120756149]
[0.00872224010527134]
[6.431124210357666]
[0.018470490351319313]
[0.02494376339018345]
[0.029539184644818306]
[1.007585048675537]
[0.02444423921406269]
[0.010569415986537933]
[0.029059037566184998]
[0.10244419425725937]
[0.024331312626600266]
[0.053243488073349]
[0.1269122064113617]
[0.0362737663090229]
[0.11693349480628967]
[0.02063097059726715]
[0.020649507641792297]
[0.08706638216972351]
[0.42789456248283386]
[0.030520297586917877]
[0.019791612401604652]
[40.584957122802734]
[0.44872620701789856]
[1.0329127311706543]
[0.02645939588546753]
[0.41272929310798645]
[0.03307927027344704]
[1.2019351720809937]
[0.7331287860870361]
[0.0273820161819458]
[0.029095623642206192]
[0.03228221833705902]
[0.1678817868232727]
[0.09403882175683975]
[0.2823890447616577]
[0.5507339239120483]
[0.04745926335453987]
[2.8260338306427]
[0.04143296182155609]
[0.4312065541744232]
[0.03272426500916481]
[0.9662244319915771]
[0.4489450752735138]
[0.026468805968761444]
[0.07656897604465485]
[0.08576631546020508]
[0.03196580335497856]
[0.041747115552425385]
[0.10144589096307755]
[0.061398644000291824]
[0.04113161191344261]
[0.06512295454740524]
[15.279379844665527]
[0.05119634047150612]
[0.04110272228717804]
[0.8281550407409668]
[0.038735318928956985]
[0.014628025703132153]
[0.0470079705119133]
[0.01473908219486475]
[0.5185813903808594]
[0.01517272274941206]
[0.041434504091739655]
[0.042997900396585464]
[0.11618225276470184]
[0.04837239906191826]
[0.03532010689377785]
[0.29241350293159485]
[9.585683822631836]
[0.028858063742518425]
[0.03560718894004822]
[0.015713106840848923]
[0.7350354790687561]
[0.31807735562324524]
[0.3117763102054596]
[0.0204648207873106]
[0.8503995537757874]
[0.048914145678281784]
[0.02561870776116848]
[0.36179137229919434]
[0.29978564381599426]
[0.04170643165707588]
[0.0384022481739521]
[0.09295787662267685]
[0.005957283545285463]
[0.08694123476743698]
[0.08467835187911987]
[0.06226592883467674]
[5.430037975311279]
[0.09837781637907028]
[1.5019127130508423]
[0.03064747154712677]
[0.027794836089015007]
[0.08911324292421341]
[0.05378488078713417]
[0.06788912415504456]
[0.29377755522727966]
[0.42088833451271057]
[0.6181195378303528]
[0.04199432209134102]
[0.40234634280204773]
[0.16531911492347717]
[0.05890507251024246]
[0.3486770689487457]
[1.7987885475158691]
[0.11674747616052628]
[0.004834848456084728]
[0.04846163094043732]
[0.7547372579574585]
[0.013558660633862019]
[0.07130780816078186]
[0.4908774197101593]
[0.10843444615602493]
[0.624114453792572]
[0.013111697509884834]
[13.767533302307129]
[0.04118117690086365]
[0.36164817214012146]
[0.06033870205283165]
[0.1667780727148056]
[0.5115773677825928]
[0.18991029262542725]
[0.036360420286655426]
[0.027854138985276222]
[8.273904800415039]
[0.12785953283309937]
[0.7567816376686096]
[0.04231417179107666]
[14.49255657196045]
[0.03667934983968735]
[0.008555365726351738]
[0.054274655878543854]
[0.27597901225090027]
[0.36110755801200867]
[0.015933826565742493]
[0.05644256994128227]
[0.037619028240442276]
[0.017766479402780533]
[0.04495066776871681]
[0.007987319491803646]
[0.6977604627609253]
[0.24136872589588165]
[0.022912902757525444]
[0.2179165482521057]
[0.5061097145080566]
[11.896932601928711]
[1.9246466159820557]
[0.6070758700370789]
[0.5300580859184265]
[0.010159960947930813]
[0.05340970680117607]
[0.394727885723114]
[0.049436599016189575]
[0.1918625682592392]
[0.5644965171813965]
[0.21669802069664001]
[0.02601730078458786]
[0.01784084551036358]
[0.025769930332899094]
[0.1674947887659073]
[0.28386548161506653]
[0.19246496260166168]
[0.03827352076768875]
[0.45499172806739807]
[0.03539905697107315]
[0.20364823937416077]
[1.155877709388733]
[0.007849165238440037]
[0.4899720847606659]
[0.06725537031888962]
[0.15829265117645264]
[0.4191319942474365]
[0.01546002272516489]
[0.014906750060617924]
[0.04044519364833832]
[0.0320984311401844]
[0.03501804172992706]
[0.10573941469192505]
[0.27878856658935547]
[0.020573103800415993]
[1.0639972686767578]
[0.8054420948028564]
[0.04022299870848656]
[0.29981377720832825]
[0.030184399336576462]
[0.008623332716524601]
[0.7553922533988953]
[0.052744198590517044]
[0.02447354607284069]
[0.2722542881965637]
[0.858313798904419]
[0.052555982023477554]
[0.1740134358406067]
[0.0331670306622982]
[0.15908083319664001]
[0.9627686142921448]
[0.016249559819698334]
[0.059429340064525604]
[0.018224433064460754]
[0.015026751905679703]
[0.0816894918680191]
[0.010994727723300457]
[0.012285716831684113]
[2.7850418090820312]
[0.011075765825808048]
[0.05452408269047737]
[10.679956436157227]
[0.07658794522285461]
[0.4735160768032074]
[0.03268115967512131]
[0.20726223289966583]
[0.046611227095127106]
[0.09811362624168396]
[0.03229519724845886]
[0.11064305156469345]
[0.12849247455596924]
[0.012782406061887741]
[0.018101053312420845]
[0.12310895323753357]
[0.48018139600753784]
[0.02146388217806816]
[4.66378927230835]
[0.013175900094211102]
[0.3617182672023773]
[0.14143025875091553]
[0.008588949218392372]
[0.00932323932647705]
[0.20668870210647583]
[74.01606750488281]
[0.26338091492652893]
[0.018267922103405]
[0.012566005811095238]
[0.09057270735502243]
[0.21450941264629364]
[0.5199065208435059]
[0.019147315993905067]
[0.0157204270362854]
[0.010694087482988834]
[0.30788668990135193]
[0.029935844242572784]
[0.04512926563620567]
[0.011799369938671589]
[0.13061217963695526]
[0.2746149003505707]
[0.06317753344774246]
[0.1710670292377472]
[0.0067987265065312386]
[18.579805374145508]
[0.06235457956790924]
[0.09109535068273544]
[3.5825464725494385]
[0.03703974559903145]
[0.23602336645126343]
[0.5370469689369202]
[0.04692908376455307]
[1.283564805984497]
[15.380999565124512]
[0.020695360377430916]
[0.010204069316387177]
[0.026633940637111664]
[0.07108798623085022]
[0.01513619814068079]
[0.029599741101264954]
[0.009763211011886597]
[0.02997078374028206]
[0.04022347554564476]
[0.21955661475658417]
[0.01560921035706997]
[0.020808754488825798]
[0.0139424754306674]
[0.03877505660057068]
[0.039130497723817825]
[0.5691224932670593]
[0.012833213433623314]
[0.7276268005371094]
[0.03501567244529724]
[0.02582230046391487]
[0.013201684691011906]
[0.09448739886283875]
[0.22136062383651733]
[0.07301075756549835]
[0.614388108253479]
[0.27895301580429077]
[1.6300582885742188]
[0.0143180713057518]
[0.05389188602566719]
[0.028138142079114914]
[0.2531096935272217]
[0.8374863266944885]
[0.09548488259315491]
[0.03551521897315979]
[0.027132755145430565]
[0.04668886214494705]
[0.08969379216432571]
[0.037831369787454605]
[0.06692793220281601]
[0.23022602498531342]
[2.1867780685424805]
[0.06724504381418228]
[1.0120937824249268]
[0.01241590641438961]
[0.021365631371736526]
[0.026594452559947968]
[0.15019828081130981]
[0.43929240107536316]
[0.010334985330700874]
[0.13771174848079681]
[26.76335906982422]
[0.02097836695611477]
[0.039034176617860794]
[0.20093463361263275]
[0.1782555729150772]
[0.16973228752613068]
[0.5311907529830933]
[0.032621078193187714]
[0.17971202731132507]
[0.028159823268651962]
[0.7428631782531738]
[0.052890595048666]
[0.015077674761414528]
[0.18577250838279724]
[0.0327824205160141]
[0.19441895186901093]
[0.010016667656600475]
[0.03215983510017395]
[0.3812999427318573]
[0.03794524446129799]
[0.05176900699734688]
[0.056378886103630066]
[0.105345219373703]
[0.3617091476917267]
[0.04385962337255478]
[0.052419718354940414]
[0.02201656997203827]
[0.04759715497493744]
[0.022937726229429245]
[0.043695587664842606]
[0.4433130621910095]
[0.9144998788833618]
[0.02233043871819973]
[0.04330819472670555]
[0.09602192044258118]
[0.4055629074573517]
[0.7675462365150452]
[0.5470924973487854]
[16.92124366760254]
[2.508289337158203]
[2.850670099258423]
[0.04675170034170151]
[0.02325405366718769]
[0.049978915601968765]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.04177511855959892]
[8.974468231201172]
[0.14639756083488464]
[0.6850625872612]
[0.006775921210646629]
[0.214592844247818]
[0.063623808324337]
[0.03540707752108574]
[0.03098025545477867]
[0.07588782161474228]
[0.014830030500888824]
[3.764775276184082]
[0.0487462654709816]
[0.011704002507030964]
[17.822189331054688]
[0.04550253972411156]
[42.03341293334961]
[0.29412609338760376]
[0.012571006081998348]
[0.48883256316185]
[0.03106607124209404]
[0.06967693567276001]
[0.07320591807365417]
[0.020696692168712616]
[0.09718359261751175]
[0.34287306666374207]
[0.07765037566423416]
[0.7195181250572205]
[0.426422119140625]
[0.07250362634658813]
[0.07318722456693649]
[0.04996873810887337]
[0.02739633247256279]
[0.42952191829681396]
[0.028455272316932678]
[0.22889091074466705]
[0.051562074571847916]
[0.6877763271331787]
[0.13070148229599]
[0.028328998014330864]
[31.437761306762695]
[0.5381705164909363]
[0.007187647745013237]
[0.08273147791624069]
[0.008251951076090336]
[0.5053093433380127]
[0.10578785091638565]
[0.028798196464776993]
[0.09424842149019241]
[0.010191679000854492]
[0.4182439148426056]
[0.6519119739532471]
[0.14260385930538177]
[8.427424430847168]
[0.05758753791451454]
[0.02898084931075573]
[0.014313055202364922]
[1.101357340812683]
[0.18397817015647888]
[0.10501263290643692]
[0.426370233297348]
[4.170827865600586]
[0.013756560161709785]
[0.7674803733825684]
[0.1211932823061943]
[0.07933013141155243]
[0.020081965252757072]
[0.4314197599887848]
[0.6723734140396118]
[0.04385087639093399]
[0.17168019711971283]
[0.00972322653979063]
[0.12884308397769928]
[0.20859533548355103]
[0.07626204192638397]
[0.35340073704719543]
[0.03916480764746666]
[1.3827093839645386]
[0.06514669954776764]
[0.008404752239584923]
[0.22317512333393097]
[6.971490859985352]
[0.04810629412531853]
[0.09267595410346985]
[0.030861439183354378]
[0.4077463448047638]
[0.08281989395618439]
[0.02844245359301567]
[0.2253943681716919]
[0.03364291414618492]
[0.03815561905503273]
[1.2637377977371216]
[0.08464930206537247]
[0.035839617252349854]
[0.04894770681858063]
[0.5702900886535645]
[0.03317858651280403]
[0.3601057827472687]
[0.7175443172454834]
[0.011392014101147652]
[12.201525688171387]
[0.02725096046924591]
[0.06772741675376892]
[2.395638942718506]
[0.05664205551147461]
[0.015880458056926727]
[0.028577065095305443]
[0.032968584448099136]
[0.05837922543287277]
[0.024379931390285492]
[0.03557775169610977]
[0.6206634044647217]
[0.007389985490590334]
[0.027016766369342804]
[0.03723127022385597]
[0.03470339626073837]
[0.04552639648318291]
[0.5610735416412354]
[0.05832720175385475]
[0.8970942497253418]
[0.07712069153785706]
[0.15181709825992584]
[2.5433173179626465]
[0.02064749039709568]
[0.17498399317264557]
[0.039765533059835434]
[0.15569822490215302]
[0.033080603927373886]
[0.050855688750743866]
[0.12909621000289917]
[0.09426402300596237]
[0.32417845726013184]
[0.03825264424085617]
[0.37833842635154724]
[0.0396890826523304]
[0.1452902853488922]
[0.07880361378192902]
[0.02233373373746872]
[0.2562752664089203]
[0.010455509647727013]
[1.8870294094085693]
[0.07958918809890747]
[0.011597733944654465]
[0.2645629942417145]
[0.17388035356998444]
[0.3525518476963043]
[0.3186274468898773]
[0.05088852718472481]
[16.433910369873047]
[0.2782664895057678]
[0.08944940567016602]
[0.31468716263771057]
[0.4604548513889313]
[12.104957580566406]
[0.06030617281794548]
[0.8700174689292908]
[0.2272312194108963]
[0.03582132235169411]
[0.01238128263503313]
[0.02667195536196232]
[1.3039432764053345]
[0.012743387371301651]
[0.05203193798661232]
[0.6700365543365479]
[0.019518718123435974]
[0.04459933191537857]
[0.08066180348396301]
[11.024029731750488]
[0.10690177977085114]
[0.028222814202308655]
[0.2104838490486145]
[0.015488553792238235]
[0.45718905329704285]
[0.02356318011879921]
[0.013332724571228027]
[0.09730754047632217]
[0.16223521530628204]
[0.011017074808478355]
[1.1791610717773438]
[0.022201089188456535]
[0.023732485249638557]
[0.6207442879676819]
[0.04698862507939339]
[0.686348557472229]
[0.5953975915908813]
[0.15261806547641754]
[0.033330369740724564]
[0.2657841145992279]
[0.033779073506593704]
[0.011101960204541683]
[0.01587320677936077]
[0.023854775354266167]
[0.054507065564394]
[0.02810470387339592]
[0.03546512871980667]
[0.006484780460596085]
[0.06827398389577866]
[0.05316535383462906]
[0.08184926211833954]
[0.41918668150901794]
[0.011220863088965416]
[0.3427194654941559]
[0.07739678770303726]
[0.005262656603008509]
[0.03266458213329315]
[0.04953864589333534]
[0.5044966340065002]
[0.02194337174296379]
[0.03328309580683708]
[0.02724670246243477]
[0.21020819246768951]
[0.010434047318994999]
[0.017595289275050163]
[0.017433950677514076]
[0.5699183344841003]
[0.024121971800923347]
[0.4074803590774536]
[0.019396690651774406]
[0.05478484556078911]
[0.08013942092657089]
[0.019286341965198517]
[0.5766054391860962]
[0.5677609443664551]
[9.486800193786621]
[0.27578505873680115]
[0.8579140305519104]
[0.05882038176059723]
[0.06043509393930435]
[0.035203538835048676]
[0.008581817150115967]
[16.757709503173828]
[0.03055083006620407]
[0.022764351218938828]
[0.2309313416481018]
[0.0060285534709692]
[0.011941165663301945]
[0.3553311824798584]
[0.027849791571497917]
[0.0969952866435051]
[0.17442768812179565]
[0.007643896155059338]
[0.9794449806213379]
[0.018489575013518333]
[0.5677973031997681]
[0.8440119028091431]
[0.8735482096672058]
[0.08205472677946091]
[30.484813690185547]
[0.4470154643058777]
[0.3235187530517578]
[0.13644155859947205]
[0.5506429076194763]
[0.02877383679151535]
[0.015996910631656647]
[0.003966895863413811]
[13.299918174743652]
[0.0689530223608017]
[0.07851849496364594]
[0.44870325922966003]
[0.09002070128917694]
[1.0861608982086182]
[0.13518555462360382]
[0.04996439069509506]
[0.05002947151660919]
[0.21160957217216492]
[0.02088298834860325]
[0.06229584664106369]
[0.4402032792568207]
[0.2707911729812622]
[0.15195131301879883]
[0.13070186972618103]
[0.016385113820433617]
[0.04627666994929314]
[1.877623438835144]
[0.378545343875885]
[18.246788024902344]
[0.09270986914634705]
[0.06465914845466614]
[0.04253331571817398]
[0.03648403286933899]
[0.007122955285012722]
[0.2010170817375183]
[1.0527914762496948]
[0.4360694885253906]
[0.04736226424574852]
[0.008255546912550926]
[0.16213054955005646]
[0.19985830783843994]
[0.047426071017980576]
[0.038623131811618805]
[0.4290342330932617]
[0.023212550207972527]
[0.03416448459029198]
[0.017326606437563896]
[0.02469964511692524]
[0.01810481958091259]
[0.01726904883980751]
[0.01591973565518856]
[0.05665050446987152]
[0.028079086914658546]
[0.0605195127427578]
[0.006028867792338133]
[0.016396867111325264]
[0.02585562691092491]
[0.39521080255508423]
[0.05468504875898361]
[0.09894945472478867]
[0.02197032980620861]
[0.4032706022262573]
[0.022997424006462097]
[0.01906408742070198]
[0.6974108815193176]
[0.019080381840467453]
[0.01769864745438099]
[0.07589013874530792]
[4.994139671325684]
[0.08417759090662003]
[11.288713455200195]
[0.005650315899401903]
[0.3236326277256012]
[0.3009887933731079]
[0.4202882647514343]
[0.21308130025863647]
[0.01219000294804573]
[0.027710411697626114]
[0.14099831879138947]
[0.42182838916778564]
[0.02123267576098442]
[15.19976806640625]
[0.00560020562261343]
[0.029394207522273064]
[1.124751091003418]
[0.02461479976773262]
[0.09998570382595062]
[0.5425821542739868]
[0.08588360995054245]
[0.05135276913642883]
[0.22762121260166168]
[0.09568677842617035]
[0.026515090838074684]
[0.010551346465945244]
[0.22789457440376282]
[20.633882522583008]
[0.04311859607696533]
[0.2921012341976166]
[0.02300301380455494]
[0.2082708328962326]
[0.030199160799384117]
[0.5638170838356018]
[0.010287810117006302]
[0.3695114850997925]
[0.011539628729224205]
[0.14235348999500275]
[8.449307441711426]
[0.07799874991178513]
[0.07693818211555481]
[0.5638891458511353]
[0.044818758964538574]
[0.4317095875740051]
[0.13014568388462067]
[10.843371391296387]
[0.18817466497421265]
[0.003166873473674059]
[0.2105974406003952]
[0.008635575883090496]
[0.07446328550577164]
[0.006120240781456232]
[0.006134936586022377]
[13.2760648727417]
[0.09947279840707779]
[0.0046823774464428425]
[0.03526492416858673]
[0.006031906697899103]
[0.0060970294289290905]
[0.008248061873018742]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.5935771465301514]
[2.9114761352539062]
[0.320102721452713]
[0.03360559791326523]
[1.6611485481262207]
[0.18511325120925903]
[0.08677738159894943]
[0.01753171905875206]
[3.751788377761841]
[0.40647780895233154]
[0.4410976469516754]
[0.7033649682998657]
[0.698138415813446]
[0.034484636038541794]
[0.2367662936449051]
[0.0116442134603858]
[8.933516502380371]
[0.14200232923030853]
[0.06537027657032013]
[0.25274577736854553]
[0.07646943628787994]
[1.5908262729644775]
[0.03578130155801773]
[0.14208142459392548]
[0.05309608578681946]
[0.03439519181847572]
[0.004565463867038488]
[0.0975659117102623]
[0.8792863488197327]
[1.0090241432189941]
[0.06269852072000504]
[0.012878220528364182]
[0.004481244832277298]
[0.6184232234954834]
[1.0185917615890503]
[0.0072578913532197475]
[0.10360418260097504]
[0.021362369880080223]
[0.09394822269678116]
[0.028839778155088425]
[0.6250081062316895]
[0.08039280772209167]
[1.4721484184265137]
[0.0080172223970294]
[0.019217006862163544]
[0.6396704316139221]
[0.11809156090021133]
[0.016313711181282997]
[0.05885912850499153]
[0.00453205918893218]
[0.004281175322830677]
[5.268912315368652]
[0.03881310299038887]
[0.00431677233427763]
[0.018470363691449165]
[0.07545887678861618]
[0.036054641008377075]
[1.2577693462371826]
[0.03497551381587982]
[0.013993952423334122]
[0.0054907421581447124]
[0.03623996675014496]
[0.039884451776742935]
[0.08395418524742126]
[0.00675067538395524]
[0.29029524326324463]
[0.01854432001709938]
[0.0215836763381958]
[0.00484760757535696]
[0.01707817055284977]
[0.032463785260915756]
[0.0048080808483064175]
[0.1666368544101715]
[0.007600626442581415]
[0.027376709505915642]
[0.03652793914079666]
[0.010133756324648857]
[1.1314513683319092]
[0.021197736263275146]
[0.006780525669455528]
[0.06726261973381042]
[0.026784207671880722]
[0.09182387590408325]
[4.877329349517822]
[0.004790437873452902]
[0.14611805975437164]
[0.03574803099036217]
[0.37126240134239197]
[0.02258104830980301]
[0.04775644838809967]
[7.243754863739014]
[0.033471960574388504]
[0.39123356342315674]
[0.04213036596775055]
[0.010224856436252594]
[0.3985128700733185]
[0.019635062664747238]
[0.06993138045072556]
[0.4977639317512512]
[0.25052714347839355]
[1.1415271759033203]
[3.1857476234436035]
[0.004738720133900642]
[0.033032406121492386]
[0.2505510151386261]
[0.004566419404000044]
[15.660296440124512]
[0.013158466666936874]
[0.026166699826717377]
[7.927555561065674]
[0.9549106359481812]
[0.054233331233263016]
[0.022293800488114357]
[0.2862229645252228]
[0.6479889154434204]
[0.08162569254636765]
[0.1640348881483078]
[0.007830779999494553]
[0.024326620623469353]
[0.025013113394379616]
[0.9178586602210999]
[0.22403588891029358]
[0.06462373584508896]
[0.08742228150367737]
[0.05247756093740463]
[0.01594594679772854]
[0.01319011952728033]
[0.04809381067752838]
[0.03815055266022682]
[0.05514314025640488]
[0.031747084110975266]
[0.04793059825897217]
[0.17903082072734833]
[0.5477402210235596]
[0.015522853471338749]
[0.0784311294555664]
[2.5417211055755615]
[0.550504207611084]
[0.2089049369096756]
[0.018824797123670578]
[0.5042573809623718]
[0.8698368668556213]
[0.030427245423197746]
[0.004866000730544329]
[0.09025105834007263]
[0.17578840255737305]
[0.018286878243088722]
[0.05716327205300331]
[0.023947598412632942]
[0.10310618579387665]
[0.007249234244227409]
[0.16715200245380402]
[0.21025431156158447]
[19.733579635620117]
[0.008660247549414635]
[0.004532034508883953]
[0.3886653780937195]
[1.575607180595398]
[7.290392875671387]
[1.1685154438018799]
[0.3960008919239044]
[0.004338574130088091]
[6.060749053955078]
[0.1925000697374344]
[0.008557762950658798]
[0.06007011979818344]
[0.8770045638084412]
[1.792028784751892]
[0.3533850908279419]
[0.4407573640346527]
[0.00574049586430192]
[0.008468534797430038]
[0.00519756181165576]
[0.005948200356215239]
[0.0923948734998703]
[0.38108351826667786]
[0.4208230674266815]
[0.17376689612865448]
[0.4342436194419861]
[0.0051384479738771915]
[0.24918605387210846]
[0.4374435842037201]
[0.4684050381183624]
[0.1628301739692688]
[0.24721652269363403]
[0.13134951889514923]
[0.0804041177034378]
[0.4819082021713257]
[0.019907012581825256]
[0.7155115008354187]
[11.269567489624023]
[0.006152523681521416]
[0.09327960014343262]
[0.011839371174573898]
[0.7095832228660583]
[0.003352090483531356]
[0.0482536256313324]
[0.31228819489479065]
[0.6152105927467346]
[0.008758493699133396]
[0.1133793294429779]
[1.043471097946167]
[0.004350938368588686]
[0.3451361358165741]
[0.18453851342201233]
[0.07414025068283081]
[0.05842742323875427]
[0.01675505004823208]
[0.0985490009188652]
[0.006099600810557604]
[0.006966902408748865]
[0.05562974885106087]
[0.011247334070503712]
[0.3001808822154999]
[0.009237071499228477]
[0.014564728364348412]
[0.04066988453269005]
[0.40892672538757324]
[0.05582267418503761]
[0.03915107995271683]
[0.26461541652679443]
[0.06272395700216293]
[0.10200994461774826]
[0.2644258439540863]
[0.05727873370051384]
[0.03114600107073784]
[0.08178561180830002]
[0.04633782058954239]
[0.0053802854381501675]
[0.03846166282892227]
[0.39786696434020996]
[0.021941468119621277]
[3.6348717212677]
[0.011072368361055851]
[0.09856139868497849]
[0.005321518052369356]
[8.108865737915039]
[0.013618942350149155]
[0.1595732718706131]
[0.19489602744579315]
[0.2694081664085388]
[0.03167860582470894]
[0.11267424374818802]
[0.047114454209804535]
[0.038597434759140015]
[0.0918176919221878]
[6.662941932678223]
[0.009455396793782711]
[0.03221147507429123]
[0.007408480625599623]
[0.06795163452625275]
[0.005676588509231806]
[0.011474625207483768]
[1.0771434307098389]
[0.05227376148104668]
[1.6465082168579102]
[0.003808410372585058]
[0.01690077595412731]
[0.3717370927333832]
[0.2988125681877136]
[0.7830464243888855]
[0.5589686036109924]
[0.005606630817055702]
[6.267240524291992]
[0.028589390218257904]
[0.006927079986780882]
[0.019098104909062386]
[0.1663282960653305]
[0.0300455205142498]
[1.145534634590149]
[4.749801158905029]
[0.2864132821559906]
[0.022336237132549286]
[1.3541090488433838]
[0.021449431777000427]
[0.24422571063041687]
[0.055732592940330505]
[1.0780959129333496]
[0.09817084670066833]
[0.14743155241012573]
[0.006674007046967745]
[0.033014602959156036]
[0.018213773146271706]
[0.04234378784894943]
[0.006868408527225256]
[0.014651778154075146]
[0.008530733175575733]
[0.1216641515493393]
[0.008203024975955486]
[0.3513946533203125]
[0.032241880893707275]
[0.0087355962023139]
[0.0049129207618534565]
[0.03709300607442856]
[1.1983169317245483]
[0.09333788603544235]
[0.0057491338811814785]
[0.010599763132631779]
[0.019495896995067596]
[0.38969746232032776]
[0.04840435832738876]
[0.01837427355349064]
[0.00500298198312521]
[0.005603487603366375]
[0.018660034984350204]
[0.0193655863404274]
[0.11619596183300018]
[0.024038586765527725]
[0.03891748562455177]
[0.10550656169652939]
[0.2582767605781555]
[0.038532935082912445]
[0.0321449339389801]
[0.10474226623773575]
[0.1623338758945465]
[0.24136987328529358]
[0.6151506304740906]
[0.42757079005241394]
[0.2105744183063507]
[0.8276050686836243]
[0.007370868232101202]
[4.637125492095947]
[0.013902719132602215]
[0.3112398386001587]
[0.8323966860771179]
[0.07727863639593124]
[1.3469672203063965]
[0.09280195832252502]
[0.17285208404064178]
[0.45823195576667786]
[0.15485157072544098]
[1.927108645439148]
[0.029248511418700218]
[0.314423143863678]
[1.5233460664749146]
[0.015083846636116505]
[0.5933550000190735]
[0.03212561458349228]
[0.04345308616757393]
[0.36668530106544495]
[0.010151264257729053]
[0.6870781183242798]
[0.03138437122106552]
[0.011982986703515053]
[0.08910149335861206]
[0.01479368470609188]
[0.08876115828752518]
[0.004646063782274723]
[0.027346031740307808]
[0.025387167930603027]
[0.6592437028884888]
[14.732586860656738]
[0.6686768531799316]
[0.05644766986370087]
[0.02500559762120247]
[0.018619399517774582]
[3.684562921524048]
[0.021782344207167625]
[0.0027115342672914267]
[0.03980182483792305]
[0.023904817178845406]
[43.1356201171875]
[1.684656023979187]
[0.010249701328575611]
[0.0203590989112854]
[0.3839524984359741]
[0.5291733145713806]
[0.008943412452936172]
[0.042910173535346985]
[7.143737316131592]
[0.01232580654323101]
[10.423069953918457]
[0.18472111225128174]
[0.005025623831897974]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[0.017086686566472054]
[0.741446316242218]
[0.1639346182346344]
[0.0302505474537611]
[0.01150960847735405]
[0.050397127866744995]
[0.006325542461127043]
[0.007321939337998629]
[0.9728164076805115]
[0.04689037427306175]
[3.2504982948303223]
[0.6298516988754272]
[0.017400437965989113]
[0.0327000617980957]
[0.1917596310377121]
[0.10294325649738312]
[0.006266734097152948]
[0.14139319956302643]
[0.10505445301532745]
[0.059047456830739975]
[0.22990460693836212]
[0.3143043518066406]
[0.01666710525751114]
[0.005212581716477871]
[29.846717834472656]
[0.040974654257297516]
[0.010219573974609375]
[0.10199666023254395]
[21.83728790283203]
[0.02169613353908062]
[0.0878983661532402]
[0.053451891988515854]
[0.03965825214982033]
[1.690626859664917]
[0.021898241713643074]
[0.128734290599823]
[0.5972442626953125]
[0.3652811348438263]
[2.0177605152130127]
[4.72987699508667]
[1.1778111457824707]
[0.006869826465845108]
[0.07074543833732605]
[0.527099072933197]
[0.5085774064064026]
[0.7978140115737915]
[0.012132211588323116]
[0.3439788818359375]
[1.6311535835266113]
[0.011681034229695797]
[0.20579351484775543]
[0.07292847335338593]
[0.006386131048202515]
[0.013755974359810352]
[0.005771126132458448]
[0.06884980946779251]
[0.5920059680938721]
[0.0038747156504541636]
[0.1642240285873413]
[0.8950703144073486]
[1.0160671472549438]
[0.1448334902524948]
[0.028019411489367485]
[0.0059081874787807465]
[0.03935247287154198]
[0.003865401726216078]
[0.017144296318292618]
[0.006107201799750328]
[0.05608939751982689]
[0.010228712111711502]
[0.030399013310670853]
[0.24428020417690277]
[0.01666266657412052]
[0.014255885034799576]
[0.012388084083795547]
[0.3893435001373291]
[0.12462364137172699]
[0.0072492314502596855]
[0.03036218322813511]
[1.1506744623184204]
[0.07248961180448532]
[46.98566818237305]
[0.03934633731842041]
[0.41449278593063354]
[0.0417606383562088]
[0.05004284903407097]
[1.9068914651870728]
[0.30171340703964233]
[0.10672794282436371]
[0.535600483417511]
[0.25155138969421387]
[0.39114657044410706]
[0.2659420073032379]
[0.18753337860107422]
[0.1877581775188446]
[0.35412275791168213]
[0.7018794417381287]
[0.2881627380847931]
[0.46206820011138916]
[2.8773043155670166]
[0.4818115532398224]
[0.15695743262767792]
[0.3264104425907135]
[0.5540375709533691]
[0.231708824634552]
[1.9366636276245117]
[0.07448961585760117]
[43.648681640625]
[0.33639591932296753]
[0.05410238727927208]
[0.0789504125714302]
[0.005463062319904566]
[0.18880116939544678]
[3.145216464996338]
[0.011426440440118313]
[0.006236209999769926]
[0.02983403392136097]
[0.02616604045033455]
[0.7653497457504272]
[0.010194000788033009]
[0.05492237210273743]
[0.47150862216949463]
[0.6524671316146851]
[0.17445190250873566]
[0.011225921101868153]
[0.01862097717821598]
[0.11404913663864136]
[0.017941737547516823]
[0.05368993803858757]
[0.048114996403455734]
[0.2182985246181488]
[0.04515395686030388]
[1.1852540969848633]
[0.22769077122211456]
[211.3385009765625]
[1.4008697271347046]
[0.735636830329895]
[0.0369248241186142]
[0.03906700760126114]
[0.05343557521700859]
[2.2774863243103027]
[16.427722930908203]
[1.5797910690307617]
[1.071141004562378]
[4.570712089538574]
[2.0389389991760254]
[0.42897796630859375]
[2.5531811714172363]
[0.20065973699092865]
[1.8237292766571045]
[2.227403402328491]
[1.2049263715744019]
[11.780860900878906]
[1.0133681297302246]
[16.54376983642578]
[3.9760568141937256]
[18.45700454711914]
[0.7848907709121704]
[9.36782169342041]
[0.20223085582256317]
[8.31385326385498]
[0.4474082291126251]
[170.86160278320312]
[0.2502906918525696]
[0.08081375807523727]
[55.312042236328125]
[0.11551502346992493]
[0.06299082934856415]
[1.9591723680496216]
[0.4417901337146759]
[2.5099306106567383]
[3.237828254699707]
[0.5631556510925293]
[0.3278130292892456]
[0.06557952612638474]
[0.09245283901691437]
[0.7028442621231079]
[1.3955682516098022]
[0.14705653488636017]
[0.21571654081344604]
[0.0634780153632164]
[0.3297232687473297]
[0.21107256412506104]
[0.8596985340118408]
[6.703466892242432]
[2.4332220554351807]
[3.4566550254821777]
[0.026526793837547302]
[0.8823749423027039]
[12.088081359863281]
[0.07667993754148483]
[4.480998516082764]
[1.9090468883514404]
[2.0426876544952393]
[3.472717046737671]
[6.488918304443359]
[31.168603897094727]
[3.2140424251556396]
[0.22226965427398682]
[6.372111797332764]
[0.8306943774223328]
[0.011021384969353676]
[0.04446759819984436]
[0.02889234572649002]
[0.19925224781036377]
[0.01934334821999073]
[0.8461037278175354]
[47.15016174316406]
[77.44522094726562]
[6.31862735748291]
[0.006135240662842989]
[0.05437520891427994]
[5.977563858032227]
[1.1023861169815063]
[2.2921202182769775]
[0.9948773384094238]
[0.0194038525223732]
[3.4425389766693115]
[0.9716980457305908]
[0.020976202562451363]
[21.526893615722656]
[0.43423476815223694]
[0.03855070844292641]
[0.9728708863258362]
[0.4130513668060303]
[3.0424442291259766]
[2.8687942028045654]
[0.22292350232601166]
[0.16780927777290344]
[0.17470583319664001]
[0.06986560672521591]
[0.07630269229412079]
[2.060060739517212]
[0.09885808825492859]
[0.047892242670059204]
[0.9271231889724731]
[0.06756234914064407]
[0.5607179403305054]
[0.18632255494594574]
[0.08895613998174667]
[0.30397874116897583]
[2.2306082248687744]
[0.506572425365448]
[2.3626177310943604]
[0.05058819428086281]
[0.2250531166791916]
[0.09905410557985306]
[1.2431919574737549]
[0.04477478936314583]
[2.122971296310425]
[0.03803154453635216]
[0.44313734769821167]
[9.845735549926758]
[0.7166622281074524]
[0.5193118453025818]
[0.09200416505336761]
[0.8122837543487549]
[1.8267014026641846]
[72.2776870727539]
[0.15518027544021606]
[1.997977614402771]
[0.03704456239938736]
[0.4993637502193451]
[0.44237133860588074]
[0.14235807955265045]
[0.26222118735313416]
[1.5409129858016968]
[0.1535748541355133]
[2.247929573059082]
[1.5320782661437988]
[1.0808815956115723]
[0.009395661763846874]
[0.17381282150745392]
[5.216418266296387]
[5.3191046714782715]
[0.4953629672527313]
[0.03508246690034866]
[0.9887101054191589]
[0.042876724153757095]
[0.7582463026046753]
[232.6319580078125]
[1.4523693323135376]
[0.12303242087364197]
[2.799210548400879]
[0.01744048111140728]
[2.968651533126831]
[0.04003399983048439]
[0.0631716325879097]
[3.3870906829833984]
[2.673201084136963]
[0.02026270143687725]
[0.5320139527320862]
[0.6786962747573853]
[0.2339209020137787]
[0.06553834676742554]
[0.01378395315259695]
[0.2521754503250122]
[76.30785369873047]
[13.452535629272461]
[0.16748175024986267]
[0.10257873684167862]
[0.17839813232421875]
[0.09717092663049698]
[0.11465887725353241]
[0.07415508478879929]
[0.751514732837677]
[0.12122250348329544]
[0.3206115663051605]
[0.0466262586414814]
[0.1456114649772644]
[2.219324827194214]
[0.07527323812246323]
[0.18763567507266998]
[0.06969749182462692]
[4.258178234100342]
[0.03154618665575981]
[14.190468788146973]
[0.33080223202705383]
[0.2737637758255005]
[1.1509417295455933]
[1.4994821548461914]
[0.26120173931121826]
[0.17502979934215546]
[0.21921361982822418]
[0.20361655950546265]
[2.995213270187378]
[0.22606633603572845]
[153.96014404296875]
[0.2245197743177414]
[0.38418614864349365]
[4.37106990814209]
[20.31311798095703]
[1.922876000404358]
[14.009860038757324]
[0.034380100667476654]
[1.077368140220642]
[0.056951846927404404]
[0.05404425784945488]
[3.448557138442993]
[0.17991864681243896]
[0.021557126194238663]
[0.036237992346286774]
[0.22979150712490082]
[0.2234458029270172]
[0.07822276651859283]
[0.2827637195587158]
[0.03519787639379501]
[0.036419957876205444]
[0.009014175273478031]
[0.012745538726449013]
[0.5685868859291077]
[0.22144392132759094]
[0.05283506214618683]
[0.015136340633034706]
[0.034356605261564255]
[0.3047891855239868]
[0.02216029167175293]
[0.11608251929283142]
[0.003911416046321392]
[0.05117384344339371]
[0.04879061132669449]
[0.033561497926712036]
[0.08019829541444778]
[0.2086205631494522]
[15.820568084716797]
[0.06712231785058975]
[1.8694407939910889]
[1.6437819004058838]
[0.004547764081507921]
[1.5502957105636597]
[1.2405294179916382]
[2.1691486835479736]
[0.11608172208070755]
[0.2901613712310791]
[1.6088677644729614]
[0.004639024846255779]
[0.4922325611114502]
[0.015761760994791985]
[4.1183648109436035]
[5.424911975860596]
[3.8649423122406006]
[0.03999053314328194]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.08557259291410446]
[0.3366035521030426]
[0.0902932733297348]
[0.6329599022865295]
[0.5010535717010498]
[0.15923699736595154]
[0.551201343536377]
[0.8156849145889282]
[0.17437873780727386]
[0.2702305316925049]
[1.4932029247283936]
[3.3658111095428467]
[0.04439103975892067]
[3.578953504562378]
[0.0257978867739439]
[0.006889290641993284]
[1.6566983461380005]
[0.08458550274372101]
[0.07301449030637741]
[0.036552682518959045]
[0.36886027455329895]
[0.25774678587913513]
[0.19176381826400757]
[22.748044967651367]
[0.5192155241966248]
[2.3703784942626953]
[0.18987397849559784]
[1.383674144744873]
[0.19326810538768768]
[3.0804741382598877]
[0.03158342093229294]
[2.538527727127075]
[6.427922248840332]
[0.013756725937128067]
[0.008108118548989296]
[2.8756418228149414]
[0.11321020126342773]
[2.4187443256378174]
[0.15761935710906982]
[2.1692681312561035]
[0.4396173357963562]
[0.023882336914539337]
[0.940388560295105]
[0.11244659125804901]
[1.5173487663269043]
[0.014427426271140575]
[0.0826936811208725]
[307.10205078125]
[0.04468517005443573]
[0.038657739758491516]
[2.457165479660034]
[0.2926044166088104]
[0.21096372604370117]
[1.140352487564087]
[0.7708268761634827]
[0.29967543482780457]
[0.39848071336746216]
[1.470902919769287]
[1.189079999923706]
[0.5430986881256104]
[0.5953571200370789]
[0.6620873212814331]
[0.6663830280303955]
[0.6283214092254639]
[3.4958901405334473]
[1.1105144023895264]
[0.8246727585792542]
[0.41644734144210815]
[0.536485493183136]
[1.6246708631515503]
[0.8785174489021301]
[0.8086936473846436]
[0.8925105333328247]
[102.6310806274414]
[0.19977237284183502]
[51.93223190307617]
[0.898286759853363]
[0.42027223110198975]
[0.12094009667634964]
[0.2665376365184784]
[0.3239149749279022]
[0.14723648130893707]
[0.08992502838373184]
[1.5780394077301025]
[0.04863634705543518]
[0.5503268837928772]
[0.07107684016227722]
[0.1017962098121643]
[0.028119787573814392]
[1.685500144958496]
[0.03869493305683136]
[0.3060638904571533]
[0.06048079952597618]
[0.026912380009889603]
[0.03128397837281227]
[0.044569239020347595]
[0.05384837090969086]
[0.09468577057123184]
[0.6715148091316223]
[0.0455114021897316]
[51.26399230957031]
[0.06004660576581955]
[1.3777711391448975]
[0.03625022619962692]
[1.2259536981582642]
[0.03956625238060951]
[0.12243536114692688]
[0.20797298848628998]
[0.024736929684877396]
[0.025366630405187607]
[0.17153356969356537]
[0.12428075075149536]
[0.8295310735702515]
[0.027955669909715652]
[0.021227922290563583]
[0.0777338296175003]
[0.47842949628829956]
[0.11967740207910538]
[15.062029838562012]
[0.5154489278793335]
[0.49422702193260193]
[0.14685946702957153]
[0.7352501153945923]
[1.019078016281128]
[0.19149035215377808]
[0.05059506371617317]
[0.5786955952644348]
[0.015549211762845516]
[4.763757705688477]
[0.41390368342399597]
[0.04409641772508621]
[0.016809193417429924]
[0.26435142755508423]
[0.12594683468341827]
[0.22785568237304688]
[0.4682907164096832]
[0.09679057449102402]
[0.11397616565227509]
[0.24510882794857025]
[0.060655269771814346]
[0.11706516891717911]
[0.015452545136213303]
[0.09571998566389084]
[0.18612943589687347]
[0.10501370579004288]
[0.23599401116371155]
[0.16514448821544647]
[0.1785011887550354]
[0.05508332699537277]
[24.583627700805664]
[0.029320597648620605]
[0.09720971435308456]
[0.22449342906475067]
[1.2921228408813477]
[0.048011742532253265]
[51.928043365478516]
[0.5944758057594299]
[0.017623260617256165]
[0.06441277265548706]
[0.09586204588413239]
[0.33359014987945557]
[0.25467628240585327]
[0.3485540747642517]
[0.016070380806922913]
[0.38138195872306824]
[0.20457597076892853]
[0.06858964264392853]
[0.2854120433330536]
[0.23780857026576996]
[0.2648565173149109]
[0.035199571400880814]
[0.3110015392303467]
[0.31014129519462585]
[0.6936782002449036]
[0.6634253859519958]
[0.6587016582489014]
[0.4383723735809326]
[1.0325556993484497]
[0.28337156772613525]
[0.44288215041160583]
[2.1495378017425537]
[0.12436173111200333]
[0.2817694842815399]
[18.880502700805664]
[0.11634745448827744]
[0.23696495592594147]
[0.2235376387834549]
[0.04777819663286209]
[0.47636812925338745]
[0.02510830946266651]
[0.3980441987514496]
[1.1745498180389404]
[1.090956449508667]
[0.45606231689453125]
[0.22933921217918396]
[2.8420462608337402]
[0.16891275346279144]
[128.54347229003906]
[0.12382898479700089]
[7.376865386962891]
[0.20049893856048584]
[0.36542847752571106]
[0.11132277548313141]
[0.036134738475084305]
[0.18360845744609833]
[0.009284205734729767]
[0.06582368165254593]
[0.5277146100997925]
[0.15105457603931427]
[37.712440490722656]
[0.04328451305627823]
[0.10728331655263901]
[0.020126592367887497]
[0.07202780991792679]
[0.033922046422958374]
[0.02191774547100067]
[2.1388673782348633]
[1.2175548076629639]
[0.04379093274474144]
[0.2622116506099701]
[0.2524929642677307]
[2.38379168510437]
[0.039713792502880096]
[0.08173740655183792]
[0.5735143423080444]
[0.03504948690533638]
[0.2802949845790863]
[0.0681927278637886]
[0.026496825739741325]
[0.0316954031586647]
[0.47926750779151917]
[45.7984504699707]
[0.636614203453064]
[0.04721910506486893]
[0.1793501079082489]
[0.05224508419632912]
[123.32582092285156]
[0.6029490828514099]
[0.024249913170933723]
[0.04456046223640442]
[0.056374289095401764]
[0.15230004489421844]
[0.4409036338329315]
[0.09673042595386505]
[0.06329705566167831]
[0.7516735196113586]
[0.05919012427330017]
[16.55030059814453]
[0.44956544041633606]
[0.05263790115714073]
[0.11309745907783508]
[0.02285301871597767]
[0.13973768055438995]
[0.0980876237154007]
[0.011187528260052204]
[0.13944759964942932]
[0.16888579726219177]
[0.5429655313491821]
[0.35459423065185547]
[0.517114520072937]
[1.1359891891479492]
[1.039647102355957]
[0.11040466278791428]
[0.03804628178477287]
[0.17838449776172638]
[0.20054015517234802]
[0.9244934916496277]
[0.18667808175086975]
[1.3785622119903564]
[5.955686092376709]
[0.07335054129362106]
[0.06689322739839554]
[0.806179404258728]
[0.07139395922422409]
[0.628659725189209]
[0.5166338086128235]
[0.023651810362935066]
[1.8000221252441406]
[0.6062546372413635]
[0.2562474310398102]
[0.05242971330881119]
[31.716386795043945]
[0.4748132824897766]
[0.07903912663459778]
[0.12911437451839447]
[0.4841480553150177]
[0.04310749098658562]
[0.2223878800868988]
[0.17997771501541138]
[0.03715427219867706]
[0.06689934432506561]
[0.12215181440114975]
[0.10298091173171997]
[0.12647157907485962]
[0.09397938847541809]
[0.1763315200805664]
[0.5978049635887146]
[0.08757224678993225]
[0.05902150645852089]
[0.23579400777816772]
[0.0982012152671814]
[0.5823570489883423]
[0.1875450164079666]
[0.03094893880188465]
[0.2852235436439514]
[0.10929767787456512]
[0.6365601420402527]
[0.1891375035047531]
[0.1205362007021904]
[0.07746607065200806]
[0.22732239961624146]
[0.09545981138944626]
[1.4648593664169312]
[0.5011122226715088]
[0.20966359972953796]
[0.16044233739376068]
[0.07333383709192276]
[0.2845984399318695]
[0.091786690056324]
[29.943880081176758]
[0.07056955993175507]
[0.06193120405077934]
[0.13099461793899536]
[26.729047775268555]
[0.114654541015625]
[0.6969661116600037]
[0.05953008681535721]
[0.0227179117500782]
[0.03416978940367699]
[0.08694329112768173]
[0.33531174063682556]
[0.6182703971862793]
[0.4354836344718933]
[0.02265332266688347]
[1.4356220960617065]
[0.10665708780288696]
[1.558686375617981]
[0.14000676572322845]
[0.04458190128207207]
[0.13332000374794006]
[0.5301253795623779]
[0.0429268442094326]
[0.10724455863237381]
[1.7565884590148926]
[0.08556006103754044]
[0.1299799680709839]
[0.1367066353559494]
[0.12751315534114838]
[0.12395211309194565]
[0.045518096536397934]
[0.23285265266895294]
[0.03907831385731697]
[0.24471063911914825]
[0.058096155524253845]
[0.0398956723511219]
[0.021799061447381973]
[0.1850288361310959]
[0.04439437389373779]
[1.1498360633850098]
[0.02172190696001053]
[0.9240777492523193]
[1.465944528579712]
[0.022884216159582138]
[0.2333085834980011]
[3.38877010345459]
[0.1434359848499298]
[0.6533472537994385]
[0.053947072476148605]
[0.3261648118495941]
[0.10075852274894714]
[30.893301010131836]
[0.13117431104183197]
[0.16324296593666077]
[29.317838668823242]
[0.105107381939888]
[0.08986583352088928]
[0.09055191278457642]
[1.0903979539871216]
[6.1629109382629395]
[0.2026320844888687]
[0.2595082223415375]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.1436309516429901]
[0.02048439346253872]
[31.688730239868164]
[0.2507200539112091]
[0.23613382875919342]
[0.06476525962352753]
[0.4113699197769165]
[1.841631293296814]
[4.866659641265869]
[0.13205407559871674]
[0.9638516902923584]
[0.3634713292121887]
[0.10348380357027054]
[0.3504249155521393]
[0.03347369283437729]
[0.06930272281169891]
[0.4162493050098419]
[1.7382954359054565]
[0.12105043232440948]
[0.0757305845618248]
[0.1908334195613861]
[0.4606798589229584]
[0.09399963170289993]
[1.8028624057769775]
[0.2858653962612152]
[0.05985455587506294]
[0.6892086267471313]
[0.11817345768213272]
[0.06280061602592468]
[0.052049413323402405]
[6.763760566711426]
[0.26499462127685547]
[1.2896018028259277]
[0.20525509119033813]
[0.5453470945358276]
[8.67099666595459]
[0.21651268005371094]
[1.0088624954223633]
[0.07935915142297745]
[0.08563544601202011]
[0.03431377187371254]
[0.44096606969833374]
[0.038737908005714417]
[0.03131285309791565]
[0.08825317025184631]
[0.14030799269676208]
[0.03453248366713524]
[0.1332046389579773]
[0.02167334035038948]
[0.034604039043188095]
[0.12269724160432816]
[0.10600972920656204]
[0.15179948508739471]
[0.0490712895989418]
[0.5121988654136658]
[0.12102139741182327]
[0.09614656120538712]
[0.4567139446735382]
[0.08180486410856247]
[0.5288107395172119]
[0.04536933824419975]
[0.05192898213863373]
[0.0576985739171505]
[0.10266793519258499]
[0.17205457389354706]
[0.08643562346696854]
[0.09437388181686401]
[0.11872677505016327]
[0.11056371033191681]
[0.4514407217502594]
[0.0403633788228035]
[0.21301165223121643]
[0.26679912209510803]
[16.287555694580078]
[0.09273488074541092]
[0.32655856013298035]
[0.17253154516220093]
[0.03641348332166672]
[4.460933208465576]
[0.1352664828300476]
[0.05692824348807335]
[0.1464271992444992]
[0.16881820559501648]
[0.021838020533323288]
[0.10598549991846085]
[0.1495598554611206]
[0.7949529886245728]
[0.16759921610355377]
[0.030178630724549294]
[0.03142174333333969]
[0.1753883957862854]
[0.04569266736507416]
[0.04790918529033661]
[0.04342097416520119]
[0.24268905818462372]
[1.3177908658981323]
[0.7655932903289795]
[0.7175658345222473]
[0.03216923400759697]
[0.11283403635025024]
[0.1720144897699356]
[0.757515013217926]
[0.09450232237577438]
[0.147020161151886]
[0.10045725107192993]
[0.8880376219749451]
[0.051387280225753784]
[0.3239994943141937]
[0.09120821952819824]
[0.1480395644903183]
[0.07840962707996368]
[0.15719787776470184]
[0.22248832881450653]
[2.074002981185913]
[0.3670952320098877]
[0.06942921876907349]
[0.0892072468996048]
[0.08934418857097626]
[0.0508510023355484]
[0.6322017908096313]
[0.036148637533187866]
[0.8716022968292236]
[0.0594506561756134]
[0.0907851904630661]
[0.14735887944698334]
[0.08648654818534851]
[0.11153896152973175]
[0.07180411368608475]
[0.038006626069545746]
[0.5351489186286926]
[0.07666608691215515]
[0.07935241609811783]
[8.040214538574219]
[0.7958402037620544]
[0.4541972279548645]
[1.172519326210022]
[0.23490720987319946]
[0.16635532677173615]
[0.02698158659040928]
[1.0600510835647583]
[0.18649828433990479]
[0.5553963780403137]
[0.18953056633472443]
[0.5276073813438416]
[0.5486788749694824]
[0.5357803106307983]
[0.03935938701033592]
[0.04434014856815338]
[0.14106042683124542]
[0.22892728447914124]
[0.027516992762684822]
[0.1407017856836319]
[0.07056284695863724]
[0.17028215527534485]
[0.7969974279403687]
[0.5205337405204773]
[0.09988095611333847]
[0.5367947220802307]
[0.09273693710565567]
[0.29488831758499146]
[0.15126286447048187]
[0.13812103867530823]
[0.059002138674259186]
[0.14942777156829834]
[0.12613973021507263]
[0.13389045000076294]
[0.042373813688755035]
[0.9658812880516052]
[0.2388053685426712]
[0.21685248613357544]
[0.18904508650302887]
[0.15202242136001587]
[0.4612531363964081]
[0.1170564740896225]
[0.021512508392333984]
[6.557458877563477]
[4.142928600311279]
[0.06908734142780304]
[0.17212358117103577]
[0.09075390547513962]
[0.045987654477357864]
[0.11548519879579544]
[0.5314509868621826]
[0.35126274824142456]
[0.05652281641960144]
[0.12285332381725311]
[0.460713654756546]
[0.12339536845684052]
[0.2518996596336365]
[0.020207472145557404]
[0.0964786633849144]
[0.12453444302082062]
[0.05574497580528259]
[0.1803482472896576]
[0.1547231376171112]
[0.17474353313446045]
[0.09315299987792969]
[0.07842443138360977]
[0.04205206781625748]
[0.22386549413204193]
[106.6092300415039]
[1.2142865657806396]
[6.764378547668457]
[13.354443550109863]
[9.269486427307129]
[0.4145287573337555]
[0.7111191749572754]
[0.06379406899213791]
[0.06811883300542831]
[0.2315928339958191]
[0.03658701479434967]
[0.06293508410453796]
[0.05949080362915993]
[0.025122666731476784]
[0.08165314048528671]
[0.05979280546307564]
[0.09973280876874924]
[38.9698371887207]
[0.9459970593452454]
[0.04917158558964729]
[0.6063883304595947]
[1.5249725580215454]
[0.6745874285697937]
[0.9691264629364014]
[0.47725456953048706]
[0.3984280824661255]
[0.08143800497055054]
[0.3171233832836151]
[0.09838232398033142]
[0.11995798349380493]
[0.2028038054704666]
[0.021415598690509796]
[0.10211257636547089]
[0.7628704309463501]
[0.04957517609000206]
[0.31312116980552673]
[0.11976748704910278]
[0.0467991940677166]
[0.2657346725463867]
[1.2481006383895874]
[0.05324312672019005]
[0.030975939705967903]
[0.10130758583545685]
[0.09249496459960938]
[0.1607636958360672]
[0.07072672992944717]
[0.05757921561598778]
[0.2384059876203537]
[0.282682865858078]
[0.05436888709664345]
[0.32598328590393066]
[0.1842884123325348]
[0.10465466231107712]
[0.3152499496936798]
[0.4499373137950897]
[0.5090204477310181]
[0.17280413210391998]
[0.017559373751282692]
[0.10705185681581497]
[0.10401850938796997]
[0.5608601570129395]
[21.871620178222656]
[0.14261871576309204]
[0.019906677305698395]
[0.3705376386642456]
[0.8876110315322876]
[0.02039019577205181]
[0.05048350244760513]
[0.07377662509679794]
[0.0038823899812996387]
[21.63046646118164]
[0.126470148563385]
[0.04331664741039276]
[0.08439517021179199]
[0.1250694990158081]
[0.20962966978549957]
[0.04567892104387283]
[0.02054915577173233]
[0.07012243568897247]
[0.11526764929294586]
[0.05998207628726959]
[0.04849238693714142]
[0.5959639549255371]
[0.23405498266220093]
[0.42655429244041443]
[0.06195748969912529]
[7.005192279815674]
[0.4899844229221344]
[0.1425706297159195]
[7.134890556335449]
[0.49017760157585144]
[0.04540370777249336]
[0.032764192670583725]
[0.009019531309604645]
[0.031605180352926254]
[0.29294076561927795]
[0.004336031619459391]
[0.0853523463010788]
[0.054574914276599884]
[0.2661838233470917]
[0.06802495568990707]
[0.11318670213222504]
[0.39833128452301025]
[0.11677172034978867]
[0.02044551633298397]
[0.4552217125892639]
[1.9213603734970093]
[0.14633719623088837]
[0.04751025512814522]
[0.05167870968580246]
[1.59617018699646]
[0.09574703872203827]
[0.3516731560230255]
[0.20674319565296173]
[0.037774283438920975]
[0.01896025985479355]
[0.030028877779841423]
[0.0979575514793396]
[0.38476285338401794]
[0.06318450719118118]
[0.01994805410504341]
[23.112350463867188]
[0.05381735414266586]
[0.2871457040309906]
[0.042324088513851166]
[0.023715762421488762]
[0.030865395441651344]
[0.01812971942126751]
[0.025780947878956795]
[0.258622944355011]
[0.529823899269104]
[0.040760528296232224]
[0.4381660521030426]
[0.5258400440216064]
[0.0130701819434762]
[0.37343743443489075]
[0.08107799291610718]
[0.21756388247013092]
[0.048042234033346176]
[0.08142075687646866]
[0.5396411418914795]
[0.15325558185577393]
[0.007689567282795906]
[0.07752005755901337]
[0.019582103937864304]
[0.006257465109229088]
[0.05968870222568512]
[0.19389420747756958]
[0.0073436349630355835]
[0.16195549070835114]
[0.0949314534664154]
[3.875225305557251]
[0.01288970559835434]
[0.06515534967184067]
[0.23472294211387634]
[0.003501364029943943]
[0.027380123734474182]
[0.03706442192196846]
[4.4774065017700195]
[0.028474340215325356]
[0.08025690168142319]
[0.24035128951072693]
[0.0793481320142746]
[0.4696521759033203]
[0.008346050046384335]
[0.036029256880283356]
[0.029182927682995796]
[0.15289795398712158]
[0.010107173584401608]
[0.1869431883096695]
[0.09095180779695511]
[1.805416464805603]
[0.09443651884794235]
[0.4839949309825897]
[0.083680659532547]
[0.034787002950906754]
[0.012637695297598839]
[2.037818193435669]
[0.07777969539165497]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.04591973125934601]
[0.044342704117298126]
[0.4478379189968109]
[0.030058402568101883]
[0.008082475513219833]
[0.0252146627753973]
[0.057852137833833694]
[0.022681722417473793]
[0.06607656180858612]
[0.08297612518072128]
[0.03314395248889923]
[0.3512095510959625]
[0.05349737033247948]
[0.2087695300579071]
[0.2452351599931717]
[0.02271987870335579]
[0.052380237728357315]
[3.3861258029937744]
[0.012790270149707794]
[0.6279391646385193]
[0.1358422189950943]
[0.381612092256546]
[0.021367322653532028]
[0.02305537275969982]
[0.007117707282304764]
[0.8547434210777283]
[0.024666719138622284]
[0.04027390107512474]
[0.3462337553501129]
[0.08812413364648819]
[0.7314695119857788]
[0.07303468883037567]
[0.03203626722097397]
[0.020653288811445236]
[0.48172295093536377]
[0.1733287274837494]
[0.205616757273674]
[0.0074748690240085125]
[0.020219162106513977]
[0.005036049988120794]
[0.42556437849998474]
[0.015883753076195717]
[0.022048933431506157]
[0.0793435126543045]
[0.09336540102958679]
[0.0801100805401802]
[0.04721517115831375]
[0.002461477415636182]
[1.4524214267730713]
[0.03234462812542915]
[0.011790432035923004]
[0.051385387778282166]
[0.07524557411670685]
[0.32476508617401123]
[0.0433453805744648]
[0.1479061245918274]
[0.05145849660038948]
[0.00811560358852148]
[72.1518325805664]
[0.10838209092617035]
[0.09222317487001419]
[0.5066155791282654]
[0.057666193693876266]
[0.017886659130454063]
[0.008346213959157467]
[0.002809984376654029]
[22.467565536499023]
[0.004417946096509695]
[0.019989879801869392]
[0.6246671080589294]
[17.893962860107422]
[0.009091914631426334]
[0.09136883914470673]
[0.02120765671133995]
[0.03673139214515686]
[0.18391329050064087]
[0.061873193830251694]
[0.020814139395952225]
[0.03260546177625656]
[0.1610490083694458]
[0.16983357071876526]
[0.031511418521404266]
[11.543042182922363]
[0.06355598568916321]
[0.39095988869667053]
[0.9581548571586609]
[0.07334629446268082]
[0.04280101880431175]
[0.020524732768535614]
[1.4479860067367554]
[0.2917330265045166]
[0.0490410141646862]
[0.17351539433002472]
[0.02028343267738819]
[14.624215126037598]
[6.922733783721924]
[0.01960722915828228]
[0.02198277972638607]
[0.5622312426567078]
[0.010241520591080189]
[0.01842721737921238]
[1.5397530794143677]
[0.015882646664977074]
[0.5780031681060791]
[0.975370466709137]
[0.013046725653111935]
[2.433720827102661]
[0.1167483776807785]
[0.11444967240095139]
[0.02392055280506611]
[0.03151596710085869]
[0.08050362765789032]
[0.015339714474976063]
[0.24050700664520264]
[0.04681778326630592]
[0.02424638532102108]
[0.18450060486793518]
[0.017906412482261658]
[0.27821972966194153]
[0.1288803517818451]
[0.045417364686727524]
[0.018081389367580414]
[0.13740134239196777]
[2.6074185371398926]
[0.5349292755126953]
[0.026728322729468346]
[0.17778213322162628]
[0.02987471967935562]
[4.847082138061523]
[0.019318843260407448]
[0.029531793668866158]
[0.06247634068131447]
[0.17802934348583221]
[0.040034856647253036]
[0.03208966180682182]
[0.03359011560678482]
[1.226516604423523]
[50.8858528137207]
[0.014471943490207195]
[0.6378821134567261]
[0.2716507315635681]
[0.014983726665377617]
[0.19132012128829956]
[0.03281610831618309]
[0.2504451274871826]
[0.04690534621477127]
[0.021255364641547203]
[0.08625974506139755]
[0.035307008773088455]
[0.34544357657432556]
[0.0965072438120842]
[0.2578127086162567]
[0.2234479933977127]
[0.01557139027863741]
[0.026399796828627586]
[0.19758422672748566]
[0.07393000274896622]
[0.050145331770181656]
[0.04799959063529968]
[0.281846821308136]
[0.016851145774126053]
[0.20073126256465912]
[0.03408430144190788]
[0.08288358896970749]
[0.01700625941157341]
[11.46069622039795]
[0.9841980934143066]
[0.1543605625629425]
[0.100572369992733]
[0.6793932318687439]
[0.02093120850622654]
[0.05794413015246391]
[1.5800405740737915]
[0.7021332383155823]
[0.016915982589125633]
[0.02748526632785797]
[0.017242323607206345]
[0.0362045057117939]
[0.24515895545482635]
[29.66828155517578]
[0.02005385234951973]
[0.6926988363265991]
[0.03523138538002968]
[0.2740611433982849]
[0.04867164045572281]
[0.02620922401547432]
[0.013621213845908642]
[2.426769495010376]
[0.02358265593647957]
[0.028581727296113968]
[0.01794174127280712]
[0.6245515942573547]
[0.01968720369040966]
[0.45251572132110596]
[1.0724215507507324]
[0.409453421831131]
[0.08727660775184631]
[0.2959541082382202]
[0.9776884317398071]
[0.05695122852921486]
[0.04717840254306793]
[0.027117950841784477]
[39.167152404785156]
[0.05789018049836159]
[0.034812260419130325]
[0.08310353010892868]
[0.1614942103624344]
[0.048113565891981125]
[0.3834550976753235]
[0.22492164373397827]
[0.03045925684273243]
[0.03302226588129997]
[0.39954978227615356]
[0.3030090630054474]
[0.060077257454395294]
[0.03523559495806694]
[0.023189282044768333]
[0.04400292783975601]
[0.04488201439380646]
[0.06369096040725708]
[0.7670239210128784]
[0.2720091938972473]
[1.6362903118133545]
[0.1072222962975502]
[2.0578551292419434]
[0.14758577942848206]
[0.08728565275669098]
[0.06086910888552666]
[0.18691349029541016]
[0.4462603032588959]
[0.05201544240117073]
[0.13073962926864624]
[0.05703887343406677]
[0.07812616229057312]
[0.27663493156433105]
[0.5796486735343933]
[0.10596892982721329]
[0.06935324519872665]
[0.573093593120575]
[0.027500109747052193]
[0.05066467449069023]
[0.052262693643569946]
[0.09603354334831238]
[0.07172789424657822]
[0.029710352420806885]
[55.44919967651367]
[0.4509187340736389]
[0.03014911152422428]
[0.016218092292547226]
[0.0506015345454216]
[0.028621504083275795]
[0.7118719220161438]
[0.006478641647845507]
[0.0641171857714653]
[0.08030447363853455]
[0.40417206287384033]
[0.05028192698955536]
[0.31709250807762146]
[0.012493036687374115]
[0.042594052851200104]
[0.8991467356681824]
[0.004463630728423595]
[0.1849927008152008]
[0.12044888734817505]
[0.017995560541749]
[0.48165687918663025]
[0.6512162089347839]
[0.025318773463368416]
[0.21897393465042114]
[13.336795806884766]
[0.3641637861728668]
[0.13221725821495056]
[1.7628434896469116]
[0.017416564747691154]
[0.08924250304698944]
[0.17455144226551056]
[0.6727051734924316]
[0.14471161365509033]
[0.05004508048295975]
[0.012095008045434952]
[0.016255930066108704]
[0.09515220671892166]
[0.006468958221375942]
[0.04904388263821602]
[0.19561003148555756]
[0.057257190346717834]
[0.049615658819675446]
[0.007514890283346176]
[0.03633978217840195]
[0.2018471509218216]
[0.1515459567308426]
[0.010627737268805504]
[0.043438948690891266]
[0.1290309578180313]
[0.03943672031164169]
[1.202480435371399]
[0.03702467307448387]
[0.026126068085432053]
[8.078368186950684]
[0.0177611131221056]
[0.033745668828487396]
[0.013757082633674145]
[0.03801219165325165]
[0.1332423835992813]
[0.017109639942646027]
[0.6152371168136597]
[0.13723772764205933]
[14.848557472229004]
[0.14271661639213562]
[0.24898210167884827]
[24.695219039916992]
[0.022775989025831223]
[0.038034092634916306]
[0.21095189452171326]
[0.028416862711310387]
[0.17060847580432892]
[0.08606632053852081]
[0.015366909094154835]
[0.5186588764190674]
[28.269432067871094]
[0.031137602403759956]
[1.325301170349121]
[0.012179441750049591]
[0.037645719945430756]
[0.026524268090724945]
[0.18511764705181122]
[0.17158284783363342]
[0.011721741408109665]
[0.04628083109855652]
[0.03710493817925453]
[0.03121022880077362]
[0.0123189901933074]
[0.01215534657239914]
[0.02433057315647602]
[19.280895233154297]
[0.07975482195615768]
[0.014857885427772999]
[0.012065616436302662]
[0.7656494975090027]
[0.6317326426506042]
[0.021014727652072906]
[0.07476992905139923]
[0.5566542148590088]
[0.252844899892807]
[0.04850864037871361]
[0.25560593605041504]
[0.010467529296875]
[0.6866213083267212]
[0.1033199205994606]
[0.13476230204105377]
[0.04292811453342438]
[41.32301712036133]
[0.08950158953666687]
[0.11411312222480774]
[0.8994503617286682]
[0.0017550394404679537]
[0.019514216110110283]
[1.2111475467681885]
[0.04405654966831207]
[0.005777245853096247]
[0.6509328484535217]
[0.02664448693394661]
[0.29802635312080383]
[0.034887611865997314]
[0.013162055052816868]
[0.3490319550037384]
[0.17974793910980225]
[3.617708683013916]
[0.3786098062992096]
[0.05716972425580025]
[0.03634772449731827]
[0.2705758213996887]
[0.06725678592920303]
[0.649208664894104]
[0.45757442712783813]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.4324358701705933]
[0.6165031790733337]
[0.1552576869726181]
[0.012825907208025455]
[0.023394806310534477]
[0.052913933992385864]
[0.035918135195970535]
[5.42594051361084]
[0.21643038094043732]
[0.029847588390111923]
[1.094223141670227]
[0.010645773261785507]
[0.017937257885932922]
[0.22344760596752167]
[13.843591690063477]
[0.13640518486499786]
[0.054997578263282776]
[0.05838645622134209]
[0.03630499169230461]
[0.1385011076927185]
[0.0385807640850544]
[0.05249369516968727]
[0.13950055837631226]
[0.056512489914894104]
[0.19270746409893036]
[0.40643227100372314]
[0.049911193549633026]
[0.02391755022108555]
[0.11949393898248672]
[14.070146560668945]
[0.7818508148193359]
[0.03081749752163887]
[0.6037428379058838]
[0.022888004779815674]
[0.10489466041326523]
[0.02709421142935753]
[0.09567084908485413]
[0.022875316441059113]
[0.024147918447852135]
[0.07204359024763107]
[0.16767466068267822]
[0.025693265721201897]
[0.07990334182977676]
[0.06156512722373009]
[3.194671869277954]
[0.19093447923660278]
[0.010123315267264843]
[0.021244501695036888]
[0.012968799099326134]
[0.2765473425388336]
[84.94839477539062]
[0.043585263192653656]
[0.16314180195331573]
[0.12190213054418564]
[2.7656631469726562]
[0.07547029852867126]
[0.14739401638507843]
[0.00843749474734068]
[0.16706734895706177]
[0.02815737947821617]
[0.007521870546042919]
[0.026018764823675156]
[0.10624594986438751]
[0.23921000957489014]
[0.5568317174911499]
[0.019618850201368332]
[0.3133237957954407]
[0.014226951636373997]
[0.007178478874266148]
[0.06595905125141144]
[0.006659022532403469]
[0.022409535944461823]
[12.540253639221191]
[0.17158949375152588]
[0.1577736735343933]
[0.0352075919508934]
[0.051765650510787964]
[0.04656834527850151]
[1.996819257736206]
[0.03989145904779434]
[0.007067190483212471]
[0.05060643330216408]
[0.9565102458000183]
[0.17603586614131927]
[0.03481141850352287]
[0.04334177076816559]
[0.4751778542995453]
[2.209135055541992]
[0.03078528121113777]
[0.15037086606025696]
[0.049880336970090866]
[0.6525505781173706]
[4.804741859436035]
[0.01958550699055195]
[0.012483987957239151]
[0.05254385620355606]
[0.08797789365053177]
[1.1094810962677002]
[0.044416703283786774]
[0.01681876741349697]
[0.0515584722161293]
[0.15920370817184448]
[0.046892404556274414]
[0.0504598505795002]
[1.3417248725891113]
[6.451429843902588]
[0.010472659021615982]
[0.011288391426205635]
[0.0342293344438076]
[0.011829681694507599]
[0.14171408116817474]
[0.3037802278995514]
[0.6639926433563232]
[0.33348560333251953]
[0.13856613636016846]
[0.047973331063985825]
[0.01696532778441906]
[0.016949569806456566]
[0.04320305958390236]
[0.04150567576289177]
[0.17116667330265045]
[0.009440560825169086]
[0.20797370374202728]
[0.09851761162281036]
[0.016069874167442322]
[0.49841567873954773]
[0.03542303293943405]
[0.09880172461271286]
[0.014691803604364395]
[0.038595978170633316]
[0.019130805507302284]
[1.4914541244506836]
[0.007841710932552814]
[0.03902456909418106]
[0.23062092065811157]
[0.05172424763441086]
[0.15719138085842133]
[0.02063010446727276]
[0.13331346213817596]
[0.06730998307466507]
[0.5123031139373779]
[0.033733125776052475]
[0.032778386026620865]
[0.014748671092092991]
[0.014225614257156849]
[0.025415480136871338]
[0.04795355349779129]
[0.08091983199119568]
[0.43672794103622437]
[0.032592758536338806]
[0.021213116124272346]
[0.030784493312239647]
[0.05051382631063461]
[0.049349721521139145]
[0.033413365483284]
[0.40663599967956543]
[0.6453579664230347]
[0.2819373607635498]
[0.0472150556743145]
[0.167831689119339]
[0.6413549780845642]
[0.00896960124373436]
[0.017220526933670044]
[0.07647121697664261]
[0.021467603743076324]
[0.036278363317251205]
[0.01441875472664833]
[0.021006926894187927]
[0.13634608685970306]
[0.02888455241918564]
[0.1585330367088318]
[0.008228188380599022]
[0.01203696709126234]
[0.04999968409538269]
[0.6582889556884766]
[0.6356377601623535]
[0.6527887582778931]
[0.16660076379776]
[0.9728347063064575]
[0.030917806550860405]
[52.45748519897461]
[0.051998037844896317]
[0.01155063509941101]
[0.8704444766044617]
[0.02791205607354641]
[0.01062841434031725]
[0.035599544644355774]
[0.38215893507003784]
[0.013890811242163181]
[0.029658501967787743]
[0.010381970554590225]
[0.6289933919906616]
[0.009440591558814049]
[0.08389681577682495]
[0.0480617992579937]
[0.0547717846930027]
[0.013929608277976513]
[0.4399898648262024]
[0.03508884087204933]
[0.0466378778219223]
[0.06183937191963196]
[0.016549507156014442]
[0.04585813358426094]
[0.0511024110019207]
[0.6419755816459656]
[0.015954632312059402]
[0.23707178235054016]
[12.701064109802246]
[0.9714012145996094]
[0.028159789741039276]
[0.051326289772987366]
[0.15321925282478333]
[1.871217966079712]
[0.1447671353816986]
[0.03304655849933624]
[0.14675085246562958]
[0.49943774938583374]
[0.020542122423648834]
[0.019860967993736267]
[0.008757171221077442]
[0.01929324120283127]
[0.2504851222038269]
[0.743411660194397]
[8.167003631591797]
[0.343108594417572]
[0.008655552752315998]
[1.82554030418396]
[0.018888041377067566]
[0.043099865317344666]
[0.05394318699836731]
[0.04643901437520981]
[0.0070751444436609745]
[0.22179517149925232]
[0.019371934235095978]
[0.041731853038072586]
[0.7456714510917664]
[0.04396551474928856]
[0.08443107455968857]
[0.6227681040763855]
[0.044452495872974396]
[0.0441136471927166]
[0.05920695886015892]
[0.018819980323314667]
[0.00548218609765172]
[0.397426962852478]
[0.05336613580584526]
[0.08422555774450302]
[0.07434015721082687]
[0.016182685270905495]
[0.03676196187734604]
[0.023541785776615143]
[0.019673600792884827]
[0.04874326288700104]
[0.26124343276023865]
[0.023965327069163322]
[0.1614624261856079]
[0.014100933447480202]
[0.017039818689227104]
[0.01980576477944851]
[0.03551784157752991]
[0.025632895529270172]
[0.026000790297985077]
[0.13125434517860413]
[0.03385033458471298]
[1.3026236295700073]
[0.03648308664560318]
[0.054893165826797485]
[0.016373315826058388]
[0.004801305942237377]
[0.05261124670505524]
[0.015879621729254723]
[0.01211888063699007]
[0.01603120006620884]
[0.012267124839127064]
[0.02312547154724598]
[0.041966263204813004]
[0.022654203698039055]
[0.41967618465423584]
[0.4792170822620392]
[0.358316034078598]
[0.047787636518478394]
[0.15312036871910095]
[0.32231953740119934]
[0.49304571747779846]
[11.504075050354004]
[0.003746622707694769]
[0.08132195472717285]
[0.7216585278511047]
[0.16558586061000824]
[0.11213551461696625]
[0.020574040710926056]
[0.024524645879864693]
[0.762021541595459]
[0.05933358520269394]
[0.0676407516002655]
[0.137860506772995]
[3.1268343925476074]
[0.02578635886311531]
[0.005433537997305393]
[0.023350322619080544]
[0.019281283020973206]
[0.8209004402160645]
[0.19969195127487183]
[0.1543625295162201]
[0.13836416602134705]
[0.05455002188682556]
[0.050732556730508804]
[0.05328966677188873]
[0.018941182643175125]
[0.02114519663155079]
[0.018745264038443565]
[0.2256859987974167]
[0.45015621185302734]
[0.0051314509473741055]
[0.014586525037884712]
[0.0051221298053860664]
[0.47866764664649963]
[0.05102607235312462]
[4.125678539276123]
[0.032808635383844376]
[0.4012053608894348]
[0.006236396264284849]
[39.134098052978516]
[2.8605780601501465]
[0.0047912318259477615]
[0.019695263355970383]
[0.1794034242630005]
[0.014428388327360153]
[0.0946068987250328]
[0.017714543268084526]
[0.48061543703079224]
[0.4797873795032501]
[0.49816638231277466]
[0.07654568552970886]
[0.62489914894104]
[0.08825430274009705]
[0.011097658425569534]
[0.06389780342578888]
[0.021984310820698738]
[0.027699384838342667]
[0.013918156735599041]
[0.08733232319355011]
[0.022007063031196594]
[0.06635162234306335]
[0.6372503042221069]
[0.16507798433303833]
[0.010116565972566605]
[0.15550467371940613]
[0.008359775878489017]
[12.407082557678223]
[0.06475771218538284]
[0.03647366538643837]
[0.01650572381913662]
[0.03211416304111481]
[0.023954739794135094]
[0.03523458167910576]
[0.012805632315576077]
[0.4289681911468506]
[0.009953423403203487]
[0.013148711062967777]
[0.029157083481550217]
[0.006272241473197937]
[0.042507242411375046]
[0.644789457321167]
[0.019182823598384857]
[0.1075725108385086]
[0.04286065697669983]
[0.016205959022045135]
[0.026420356705784798]
[0.16015584766864777]
[1.2764012813568115]
[0.06718013435602188]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.05700305104255676]
[0.6242368817329407]
[0.017409924417734146]
[0.5432928800582886]
[0.02493259683251381]
[0.010433750227093697]
[0.35147807002067566]
[0.9484255909919739]
[0.3198891580104828]
[0.3197966516017914]
[0.5947389006614685]
[0.6410769820213318]
[9.224262237548828]
[0.011053898371756077]
[0.021819990128278732]
[0.017803465947508812]
[0.03881559893488884]
[0.016875876113772392]
[0.012014660984277725]
[0.1525105983018875]
[8.064874649047852]
[13.817561149597168]
[0.057581257075071335]
[41.832401275634766]
[0.006748083047568798]
[0.4788498282432556]
[1.1930816173553467]
[0.014248291030526161]
[0.09861321747303009]
[0.20674638450145721]
[0.01181949395686388]
[0.035084109753370285]
[0.021010473370552063]
[0.03819349408149719]
[0.04811419919133186]
[0.1824478656053543]
[0.015843220055103302]
[0.8527013659477234]
[0.6584003567695618]
[0.01911095343530178]
[0.012168779037892818]
[0.033701587468385696]
[0.863518238067627]
[0.03133701905608177]
[0.13986849784851074]
[0.09780851006507874]
[0.2044931948184967]
[0.08962947130203247]
[0.08650145679712296]
[0.09104087203741074]
[0.037784915417432785]
[0.008377236314117908]
[0.05117584392428398]
[0.013716885820031166]
[0.019711501896381378]
[0.009011901915073395]
[0.3462417721748352]
[0.12699709832668304]
[0.4244333505630493]
[0.26172271370887756]
[0.8701643347740173]
[0.5430266857147217]
[0.01119983196258545]
[0.061106711626052856]
[0.006021631415933371]
[0.011238833889365196]
[0.05747998133301735]
[0.013021395541727543]
[0.015930376946926117]
[0.018103385344147682]
[1.977666974067688]
[0.024469997733831406]
[0.03400101140141487]
[0.014776527881622314]
[0.01894202269613743]
[0.20287737250328064]
[0.0238928385078907]
[0.14551681280136108]
[0.2319197654724121]
[0.49582505226135254]
[0.013034882955253124]
[0.02210143767297268]
[0.05367077514529228]
[0.04670022428035736]
[3.028139114379883]
[0.1674121469259262]
[0.05258555710315704]
[0.016731375828385353]
[0.04844551905989647]
[0.08861277252435684]
[0.009640500880777836]
[0.014096948318183422]
[0.11786875873804092]
[1.7471133470535278]
[0.1252744197845459]
[0.043015751987695694]
[0.03131771832704544]
[0.028165096417069435]
[0.23013871908187866]
[0.3373631536960602]
[0.009883902966976166]
[0.018650682643055916]
[0.03627093508839607]
[0.02036934345960617]
[0.017226962372660637]
[0.04398158937692642]
[0.12341104447841644]
[0.003991187550127506]
[3.849874258041382]
[0.003914644476026297]
[0.00881785899400711]
[0.00832503940910101]
[0.006403231527656317]
[0.07085683941841125]
[0.1673332005739212]
[0.2520208954811096]
[0.022397534921765327]
[0.0805390477180481]
[0.13370157778263092]
[0.021819844841957092]
[0.027119755744934082]
[0.2623998820781708]
[0.04593850299715996]
[14.411674499511719]
[0.026081180199980736]
[0.3222607672214508]
[0.0042184023186564445]
[0.12135676294565201]
[0.13585588335990906]
[0.007268410176038742]
[0.013085856102406979]
[0.021549342200160027]
[0.040776222944259644]
[0.06589920073747635]
[0.021177101880311966]
[4.583449363708496]
[6.063186168670654]
[0.004119631368666887]
[0.07840893417596817]
[0.006579986773431301]
[0.2765936851501465]
[0.016238640993833542]
[0.003869756357744336]
[0.27504968643188477]
[0.4750133454799652]
[0.031508758664131165]
[0.1916664093732834]
[0.14183753728866577]
[0.004458777606487274]
[0.09017433226108551]
[0.004250445403158665]
[0.023182427510619164]
[0.5589209198951721]
[0.0038466297555714846]
[0.41881421208381653]
[0.02448008581995964]
[0.10563316941261292]
[0.06081588193774223]
[0.3111550807952881]
[0.005025102291256189]
[0.2518479824066162]
[0.024594688788056374]
[0.02657194808125496]
[0.4247632324695587]
[0.18088647723197937]
[4.676718235015869]
[0.08240403234958649]
[0.09517446160316467]
[0.04553285986185074]
[0.1343633234500885]
[0.029233694076538086]
[0.021778654307127]
[0.01659802719950676]
[0.004158749245107174]
[0.014795923605561256]
[0.09711068868637085]
[4.555354118347168]
[0.019748453050851822]
[0.008590755984187126]
[3.3532187938690186]
[0.12887215614318848]
[0.01747969537973404]
[0.10472593456506729]
[0.30811014771461487]
[0.17365650832653046]
[0.011687102727591991]
[17.309782028198242]
[0.03522615507245064]
[3.576993703842163]
[0.0031962061766535044]
[0.006434269715100527]
[1.266077995300293]
[0.19761724770069122]
[3.5786166191101074]
[0.587716817855835]
[0.010376011952757835]
[0.0046923342160880566]
[0.010516930371522903]
[0.024140261113643646]
[0.060194384306669235]
[0.022240832448005676]
[0.011134201660752296]
[0.00649569695815444]
[0.051037658005952835]
[0.06413222849369049]
[0.1642882376909256]
[4.2483320236206055]
[0.010286103934049606]
[0.45526739954948425]
[0.018423669040203094]
[0.006568648852407932]
[0.028899982571601868]
[0.013328100554645061]
[0.04295971989631653]
[0.2150905579328537]
[0.010358978062868118]
[0.3438396453857422]
[0.012149548158049583]
[0.048188742250204086]
[1.624513864517212]
[0.02948315441608429]
[0.014107977040112019]
[0.38817286491394043]
[0.14643386006355286]
[0.20108066499233246]
[0.009711019694805145]
[0.010315869934856892]
[0.6181552410125732]
[0.05626654252409935]
[0.016328711062669754]
[10.969551086425781]
[0.45507746934890747]
[0.006594048347324133]
[0.42853519320487976]
[0.0035248554777354]
[0.006501529831439257]
[0.02460608445107937]
[0.01199313998222351]
[0.35978618264198303]
[0.18273505568504333]
[0.02390550635755062]
[0.19855110347270966]
[1.7949323654174805]
[0.0032135441433638334]
[0.01452555414289236]
[0.054090097546577454]
[0.5457643270492554]
[0.010929441079497337]
[0.5066502094268799]
[0.6580628752708435]
[0.40434062480926514]
[0.13286717236042023]
[0.07695689797401428]
[4.415765762329102]
[2.0234453678131104]
[0.005523881409317255]
[0.013195384293794632]
[0.049594294279813766]
[0.015891818329691887]
[0.003810495836660266]
[0.13540096580982208]
[0.046702709048986435]
[0.04173487052321434]
[33.8156852722168]
[0.3405807614326477]
[0.011907066218554974]
[1.3519313335418701]
[4.525171756744385]
[0.0440402552485466]
[0.19180864095687866]
[0.004889371804893017]
[0.45457613468170166]
[0.11418922245502472]
[0.0057079787366092205]
[0.3518751859664917]
[2.013598918914795]
[0.3436754643917084]
[0.42323070764541626]
[0.6438356637954712]
[0.016240336000919342]
[0.0045460970140993595]
[18.3958797454834]
[0.6048381328582764]
[0.010907500050961971]
[0.011744694784283638]
[0.008563666604459286]
[0.014033759012818336]
[0.10850503295660019]
[0.019195500761270523]
[0.09067604690790176]
[0.05175714194774628]
[0.03827932849526405]
[0.45858997106552124]
[0.4991900622844696]
[0.3374565839767456]
[0.034199148416519165]
[0.16353517770767212]
[0.0031785450410097837]
[0.007891847752034664]
[0.005341419950127602]
[0.016873998567461967]
[0.0030799158848822117]
[0.24369435012340546]
[0.02765190601348877]
[0.25447866320610046]
[0.06346935778856277]
[0.0032027012202888727]
[53.11077117919922]
[0.06706223636865616]
[0.2042848914861679]
[0.20451758801937103]
[0.2646287679672241]
[0.013609454967081547]
[11.307879447937012]
[0.03136354312300682]
[0.05060267448425293]
[0.4110388159751892]
[1.5829801559448242]
[0.12759949266910553]
[0.03672558441758156]
[0.013481689617037773]
[0.005240284372121096]
[0.037101976573467255]
[0.07296356558799744]
[0.004910079296678305]
[0.00964042916893959]
[0.07106560468673706]
[0.02613804116845131]
[0.25104600191116333]
[0.050226058810949326]
[0.06190303713083267]
[0.0037084154319018126]
[0.08780163526535034]
[0.021542130038142204]
[0.017454886808991432]
[0.03488960117101669]
[0.08407677710056305]
[0.6082552075386047]
[0.3652384877204895]
[0.013264746405184269]
[0.7252887487411499]
[0.003380218055099249]
[0.05362183228135109]
[0.003739980049431324]
[0.006769964005798101]
[0.02362433262169361]
[0.3713357150554657]
[0.09337848424911499]
[0.3153015077114105]
[0.054213281720876694]
[0.027943868190050125]
[0.10407119989395142]
[0.005513675976544619]
[0.006274769082665443]
[0.0099767055362463]
[0.009389614686369896]
[0.04359830915927887]
[0.049366265535354614]
[41.926795959472656]
[0.2028464674949646]
[0.03880713880062103]
[0.009745709598064423]
[0.20237478613853455]
[0.00891787838190794]
[0.714616596698761]
[0.0966939926147461]
[0.016841506585478783]
[0.02588825672864914]
[0.011272620409727097]
[0.0620788149535656]
[0.014979538507759571]
[0.6756622195243835]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.010347838513553143]
[0.17275398969650269]
[0.2870415151119232]
[0.0413496159017086]
[0.026633245870471]
[0.6751583814620972]
[0.09237692505121231]
[0.047835592180490494]
[0.8947110176086426]
[0.4849623143672943]
[0.040332913398742676]
[0.0180975254625082]
[0.010494538582861423]
[0.634962260723114]
[0.003198390593752265]
[0.3632398843765259]
[0.011802399531006813]
[0.02644515037536621]
[0.01298606302589178]
[4.308349132537842]
[0.012534591369330883]
[0.12202585488557816]
[0.8465249538421631]
[0.03155870363116264]
[0.022355666384100914]
[0.04395468533039093]
[0.02793407253921032]
[0.020923521369695663]
[0.12828829884529114]
[0.13525480031967163]
[0.032662533223629]
[0.03208128735423088]
[0.05557798966765404]
[0.03698728233575821]
[0.37098193168640137]
[0.007284900639206171]
[0.006646995432674885]
[0.018053675070405006]
[0.04084640368819237]
[1.2324062585830688]
[0.265878289937973]
[0.022421153262257576]
[0.018533511087298393]
[0.2596126198768616]
[0.05824660137295723]
[0.584109365940094]
[0.8464952707290649]
[0.04980981722474098]
[0.005433798301964998]
[0.01380818523466587]
[0.1127893254160881]
[0.024281511083245277]
[0.0055280947126448154]
[0.22966507077217102]
[0.01793842390179634]
[0.09162361919879913]
[0.2251823991537094]
[0.076019287109375]
[0.003374178893864155]
[0.3717404305934906]
[0.017311101779341698]
[0.8964001536369324]
[0.2638804018497467]
[0.21632863581180573]
[0.6667415499687195]
[0.3830145597457886]
[0.05697750672698021]
[3.2155544757843018]
[0.005770574323832989]
[0.20608831942081451]
[0.6040246486663818]
[0.20758725702762604]
[0.01650615781545639]
[1.69923734664917]
[0.01925406977534294]
[0.20277303457260132]
[4.952695369720459]
[0.8327969908714294]
[0.0956675261259079]
[0.02660951390862465]
[0.008094696328043938]
[1.5267120599746704]
[0.3633749485015869]
[0.6605764627456665]
[0.10322870314121246]
[0.012075048871338367]
[0.4367150068283081]
[0.04959166422486305]
[0.034841667860746384]
[0.03259466961026192]
[0.3810332119464874]
[0.015069166198372841]
[0.011146617121994495]
[0.13901984691619873]
[0.4611157476902008]
[1.9290696382522583]
[0.03591668978333473]
[0.01699589379131794]
[0.004503238946199417]
[0.28165489435195923]
[0.004791111219674349]
[0.24840742349624634]
[0.017264027148485184]
[0.1000526174902916]
[2.248579502105713]
[0.5376805067062378]
[0.014282801188528538]
[0.36531299352645874]
[0.0069811297580599785]
[0.05071786791086197]
[0.4659741222858429]
[0.020590703934431076]
[0.11832226067781448]
[0.010330392979085445]
[0.013378470204770565]
[0.011352341622114182]
[0.004854255821555853]
[0.386398047208786]
[0.018939102068543434]
[0.04975631833076477]
[0.02202523685991764]
[0.04342106729745865]
[0.006420346908271313]
[0.0034076145384460688]
[0.0348643884062767]
[0.006240599323064089]
[0.03432917222380638]
[0.03137333318591118]
[0.023775210604071617]
[0.04682508856058121]
[0.006587435025721788]
[0.9555108547210693]
[0.012806693091988564]
[0.011292345821857452]
[0.12995180487632751]
[0.012153023853898048]
[0.0716957151889801]
[0.0036583298351615667]
[0.039273038506507874]
[0.2802674174308777]
[1.7851495742797852]
[0.014986156485974789]
[0.26059284806251526]
[0.1951254904270172]
[0.06011579558253288]
[0.029437405988574028]
[0.034002114087343216]
[0.00478516286239028]
[0.00875868834555149]
[0.5320016145706177]
[0.016160832718014717]
[0.0866927057504654]
[0.004728528670966625]
[0.018093479797244072]
[0.004002214875072241]
[0.023002583533525467]
[0.2781369388103485]
[0.20154467225074768]
[0.232530415058136]
[0.23234054446220398]
[0.013768467120826244]
[0.006884986534714699]
[0.017727984115481377]
[0.02194688282907009]
[0.22404536604881287]
[0.0032363643404096365]
[0.006996714044362307]
[7.365129470825195]
[0.02237008884549141]
[0.0030550977680832148]
[0.0041291555389761925]
[0.011292980052530766]
[0.003618018701672554]
[0.16455961763858795]
[0.2913852035999298]
[2.9205427169799805]
[0.06947553157806396]
[0.2520411014556885]
[0.6095667481422424]
[0.30084502696990967]
[0.04668586328625679]
[0.016741720959544182]
[25.724199295043945]
[16.048755645751953]
[0.005028086714446545]
[0.1554933488368988]
[0.003865078091621399]
[2.524291753768921]
[0.8967636227607727]
[2.457169771194458]
[0.2807080149650574]
[0.21658329665660858]
[0.004375229123979807]
[0.003389782039448619]
[1.2526875734329224]
[0.034429412335157394]
[0.03179638460278511]
[0.014927246607840061]
[0.2350301295518875]
[0.1003820151090622]
[0.02461950294673443]
[0.019535858184099197]
[0.0334559790790081]
[0.03246548771858215]
[0.029625477269291878]
[0.4114072024822235]
[0.034756146371364594]
[0.032428666949272156]
[0.21771566569805145]
[0.21783268451690674]
[0.7010629177093506]
[0.016749612987041473]
[0.16113600134849548]
[0.0734533816576004]
[0.00563463568687439]
[18.365434646606445]
[0.03604085370898247]
[0.6337380409240723]
[0.1592811644077301]
[0.1634424924850464]
[0.07396024465560913]
[0.7673330903053284]
[0.07811975479125977]
[0.025957727804780006]
[0.013022397644817829]
[0.16092994809150696]
[0.05295770987868309]
[0.0837424173951149]
[0.024681858718395233]
[1.477921485900879]
[0.3080850839614868]
[0.538567304611206]
[35.310508728027344]
[0.3763104975223541]
[0.18107670545578003]
[0.022078122943639755]
[0.053190283477306366]
[0.22195787727832794]
[0.01633024774491787]
[0.6599420309066772]
[0.3599606454372406]
[0.7599413394927979]
[0.22170084714889526]
[0.018436575308442116]
[0.20881378650665283]
[0.736539900302887]
[0.038039516657590866]
[0.044979505240917206]
[1.2591995000839233]
[0.0847083106637001]
[0.1935635209083557]
[0.04871005192399025]
[1.8937193155288696]
[0.472310870885849]
[1.4179850816726685]
[0.4484403133392334]
[0.3996554911136627]
[3.403878688812256]
[0.25335633754730225]
[0.5054329037666321]
[0.1685175746679306]
[0.01727401465177536]
[0.6165347099304199]
[0.09345534443855286]
[0.10738062113523483]
[0.08371144533157349]
[0.08458414673805237]
[0.26892462372779846]
[0.5631130337715149]
[0.03498523309826851]
[0.0023825091775506735]
[0.1781725287437439]
[0.2136700600385666]
[1.7062733173370361]
[0.1392277479171753]
[0.1824972778558731]
[0.030584558844566345]
[0.004631931893527508]
[0.0055126287043094635]
[0.09442377090454102]
[16.80170249938965]
[10.216586112976074]
[0.023240895941853523]
[53.41865539550781]
[0.007720503024756908]
[0.22382852435112]
[0.269696980714798]
[0.2595062851905823]
[0.029019499197602272]
[0.06438039243221283]
[0.3776968717575073]
[0.09949827939271927]
[0.03255835920572281]
[0.015493320301175117]
[1.1939488649368286]
[0.05695468932390213]
[0.1447865068912506]
[0.12254465371370316]
[0.046071700751781464]
[0.265195369720459]
[31.64529037475586]
[0.05636122077703476]
[0.06753470003604889]
[1.2614134550094604]
[1.581956386566162]
[0.21807801723480225]
[0.1616525501012802]
[0.05294129252433777]
[0.5401228666305542]
[0.6663850545883179]
[0.1692262440919876]
[0.12319716811180115]
[0.2794022858142853]
[0.020675359293818474]
[28.684473037719727]
[0.013123533688485622]
[0.27329814434051514]
[0.01620839536190033]
[4.561244010925293]
[0.6653316020965576]
[0.04337437078356743]
[0.03146051615476608]
[0.035291410982608795]
[8.398629188537598]
[0.04193435609340668]
[0.02845023199915886]
[0.004674918949604034]
[0.9492704272270203]
[0.26667994260787964]
[0.06980356574058533]
[0.011117505840957165]
[0.024331161752343178]
[0.3914147615432739]
[0.07881095260381699]
[0.04563479870557785]
[0.027576394379138947]
[0.3551892936229706]
[0.049436282366514206]
[1.2495148181915283]
[0.005854801740497351]
[0.015062147751450539]
[0.04949920251965523]
[0.028083113953471184]
[0.07374168187379837]
[0.40497153997421265]
[4.5362467765808105]
[0.47804275155067444]
[0.024457266554236412]
[0.020409483462572098]
[0.004467048682272434]
[1.7296059131622314]
[0.004561779089272022]
[0.03134044259786606]
[0.009194226935505867]
[0.044959936290979385]
[0.02156379632651806]
[0.0576074942946434]
[0.018644215539097786]
[0.8905092477798462]
[0.01732891984283924]
[0.019691061228513718]
[0.0054067885503172874]
[0.025431839749217033]
[0.015315038152039051]
[0.013853946700692177]
[0.00979207269847393]
[0.030599405989050865]
[0.019447220489382744]
[0.08236557990312576]
[0.05411072075366974]
[0.005697385873645544]
[0.021790852770209312]
[0.4083033800125122]
[27.224912643432617]
[0.0395544096827507]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.202626034617424]
[0.04557095840573311]
[0.020829182118177414]
[0.003986266907304525]
[0.08017090708017349]
[0.005918433889746666]
[0.11281803250312805]
[0.8532422780990601]
[0.024121925234794617]
[0.014663046225905418]
[2.334251642227173]
[0.02660718746483326]
[0.4326685070991516]
[0.012177709490060806]
[0.7369411587715149]
[0.036605097353458405]
[0.01302616111934185]
[0.4354546070098877]
[0.33643046021461487]
[0.006247007753700018]
[0.1971159130334854]
[10.534523010253906]
[0.3634425103664398]
[0.03487562760710716]
[0.23983919620513916]
[0.015620091930031776]
[0.25061458349227905]
[0.00901069212704897]
[0.3787750005722046]
[0.4793234169483185]
[0.031025605276226997]
[5.846081733703613]
[0.030432868748903275]
[0.00856719072908163]
[0.43629661202430725]
[0.0022206278517842293]
[0.17135083675384521]
[0.019012048840522766]
[0.1474212259054184]
[0.013700595125555992]
[0.004377295728772879]
[0.3489028513431549]
[5.308255195617676]
[0.03045138157904148]
[0.11888924241065979]
[0.021712761372327805]
[0.21458539366722107]
[0.023099763318896294]
[11.203713417053223]
[0.009700235910713673]
[0.04753297194838524]
[0.014423229731619358]
[0.026952791959047318]
[0.01121588610112667]
[0.002940837061032653]
[0.007618676405400038]
[0.006458878051489592]
[0.6868538856506348]
[0.029947595670819283]
[0.2634139358997345]
[0.012533951550722122]
[0.2875887155532837]
[0.008828561753034592]
[9.834392547607422]
[0.09348972141742706]
[0.004854490980505943]
[0.021968116983771324]
[0.06091512739658356]
[0.24181242287158966]
[0.005374845117330551]
[0.03786112740635872]
[0.0036141567397862673]
[0.010987138375639915]
[0.007083305157721043]
[0.43385571241378784]
[0.0029045373667031527]
[0.028474383056163788]
[0.2720242738723755]
[1.5313596725463867]
[0.12407922744750977]
[0.007641280069947243]
[0.005004799459129572]
[0.044860877096652985]
[0.23140287399291992]
[0.042909082025289536]
[0.00926677044481039]
[0.0875854417681694]
[0.02678382210433483]
[0.0038073412142693996]
[0.11490572243928909]
[0.014629709534347057]
[0.07289391756057739]
[0.6862294673919678]
[0.05453949421644211]
[0.04296991229057312]
[0.11551477760076523]
[0.45616528391838074]
[1.0156627893447876]
[19.478792190551758]
[0.03864171355962753]
[0.008629577234387398]
[0.0031439431477338076]
[0.0067451149225234985]
[0.1153617650270462]
[0.02382775768637657]
[15.4238862991333]
[0.003916287329047918]
[0.017677905037999153]
[0.02236688882112503]
[0.5449467301368713]
[0.020076744258403778]
[0.01151797641068697]
[0.0134330615401268]
[1.688366413116455]
[0.01727563887834549]
[1.1279481649398804]
[0.3952343463897705]
[0.034692078828811646]
[0.013980573043227196]
[0.016817759722471237]
[0.015651993453502655]
[0.021424196660518646]
[0.12823516130447388]
[0.008285912685096264]
[0.029778549447655678]
[0.05284935608506203]
[4.252285480499268]
[13.43142318725586]
[0.42489680647850037]
[10.730961799621582]
[0.20863544940948486]
[0.23100155591964722]
[0.01416989415884018]
[0.15361447632312775]
[4.058166980743408]
[0.02863357961177826]
[0.010102970525622368]
[4.447866916656494]
[0.1721021980047226]
[0.01753455027937889]
[0.008732900954782963]
[0.05455109104514122]
[0.03986385464668274]
[0.0336700864136219]
[0.004358797799795866]
[0.1291872262954712]
[0.13624423742294312]
[0.017681261524558067]
[0.05971525236964226]
[0.029494352638721466]
[0.030855990946292877]
[0.005774731747806072]
[0.02099733054637909]
[0.004417769610881805]
[0.3815646767616272]
[0.01804259605705738]
[0.21748459339141846]
[0.6904651522636414]
[0.01897592842578888]
[0.4995790421962738]
[0.09560959786176682]
[0.03329892084002495]
[0.3021619915962219]
[0.027592523023486137]
[0.09386521577835083]
[0.007440438959747553]
[0.019793741405010223]
[0.033479489386081696]
[0.24488011002540588]
[0.4602624475955963]
[0.07854987680912018]
[0.08104658871889114]
[0.1863686442375183]
[0.01887364685535431]
[0.012159970588982105]
[0.003063090145587921]
[0.04160492494702339]
[0.4894830584526062]
[0.00453583849593997]
[0.6826760172843933]
[0.012425308115780354]
[0.007089453749358654]
[0.058659911155700684]
[0.0181707926094532]
[0.01563422754406929]
[0.003999818116426468]
[0.015763193368911743]
[0.04037914425134659]
[0.05031013861298561]
[0.025723833590745926]
[0.0033101970329880714]
[0.01694861240684986]
[0.004166650120168924]
[0.17778435349464417]
[0.008661216124892235]
[0.0037835657130926847]
[0.015257074497640133]
[0.1926395744085312]
[0.20401304960250854]
[3.7102341651916504]
[0.44267481565475464]
[0.03634396940469742]
[0.00474241329357028]
[0.09362611174583435]
[0.015957536175847054]
[2.295891761779785]
[5.239726543426514]
[0.05168863758444786]
[0.09164446592330933]
[0.22364336252212524]
[0.05837325006723404]
[0.006184096913784742]
[0.005052928347140551]
[12.71331787109375]
[0.022437332198023796]
[0.04168705642223358]
[0.017394958063960075]
[0.15197360515594482]
[0.696439266204834]
[0.04069936275482178]
[0.042550038546323776]
[0.013475298881530762]
[0.21522563695907593]
[0.026244992390275]
[2.6372323036193848]
[0.01506558433175087]
[0.017865300178527832]
[0.005036626942455769]
[0.005787254776805639]
[0.0875537320971489]
[3.513056993484497]
[0.009915143251419067]
[0.17503131926059723]
[0.023674745112657547]
[0.00881965458393097]
[0.0037634458858519793]
[0.041104380041360855]
[0.020125670358538628]
[0.015335126779973507]
[0.015225204639136791]
[0.6863928437232971]
[0.7583674788475037]
[0.27977097034454346]
[0.01138746365904808]
[0.0018205265514552593]
[0.14005304872989655]
[0.07305929809808731]
[0.034305937588214874]
[0.013619589619338512]
[0.00309605710208416]
[0.6825534701347351]
[0.6980838775634766]
[0.019787169992923737]
[0.7941988110542297]
[3.5475013256073]
[0.651235044002533]
[0.015932396054267883]
[0.2501234710216522]
[0.15455575287342072]
[0.025339528918266296]
[0.0104979844763875]
[0.12953172624111176]
[9.411664009094238]
[1.1616809368133545]
[0.4825716018676758]
[0.05520741641521454]
[0.02587754651904106]
[0.009626319631934166]
[0.0036622299812734127]
[0.10551510006189346]
[0.9013463854789734]
[0.015021746046841145]
[0.1639663279056549]
[0.02741139568388462]
[0.003770390059798956]
[0.014211348257958889]
[0.10023337602615356]
[0.5370784997940063]
[5.8744635581970215]
[0.5180004835128784]
[0.018527433276176453]
[0.01524107251316309]
[0.018926165997982025]
[0.0865132212638855]
[0.0031713612843304873]
[12.383686065673828]
[0.019372278824448586]
[0.1189890131354332]
[0.5239256024360657]
[0.03801577165722847]
[0.15977363288402557]
[0.2050943523645401]
[0.019584372639656067]
[0.010925961658358574]
[0.3062499761581421]
[0.3865049481391907]
[6.585333347320557]
[0.007961122319102287]
[0.16572700440883636]
[0.1604783982038498]
[0.3740454912185669]
[0.016538798809051514]
[0.016527310013771057]
[0.23142121732234955]
[0.010024404153227806]
[0.04203160107135773]
[0.2104341685771942]
[0.012344959191977978]
[0.025178242474794388]
[0.026652641594409943]
[0.016602300107479095]
[0.032096583396196365]
[0.007972290739417076]
[0.00230470416136086]
[0.8671717643737793]
[0.3566015362739563]
[0.029100986197590828]
[0.051375988870859146]
[0.003186928341165185]
[0.009607354179024696]
[0.015228060074150562]
[0.21240711212158203]
[0.3321037292480469]
[0.011850463226437569]
[0.016628293320536613]
[0.35976314544677734]
[0.015196043998003006]
[14.909348487854004]
[0.011485151015222073]
[0.0037125605158507824]
[0.013910454697906971]
[0.014185488224029541]
[0.7546002864837646]
[0.00724917883053422]
[0.0029084337875247]
[0.003577807918190956]
[0.008753702975809574]
[0.003380748676136136]
[0.006956517230719328]
[0.0036646160297095776]
[0.007910936139523983]
[0.09067095816135406]
[0.06394856423139572]
[0.007621036376804113]
[9.509060859680176]
[1.2676962614059448]
[0.011883857659995556]
[0.0036419075913727283]
[0.002735905582085252]
[0.4355406165122986]
[0.03788154572248459]
[0.19768714904785156]
[0.11236753314733505]
[0.379008412361145]
[0.4339708089828491]
[0.031470879912376404]
[0.11219413578510284]
[0.3997199237346649]
[0.025649553164839745]
[0.020343806594610214]
[0.008214381523430347]
[0.06367781013250351]
[0.002007812261581421]
[0.01303874608129263]
[0.009719854220747948]
[0.01009296253323555]
[0.016762899234890938]
[0.7658212780952454]
[0.20134688913822174]
[0.05201418697834015]
[0.16891595721244812]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.004770319908857346]
[0.015115689486265182]
[0.020440682768821716]
[0.009388742037117481]
[0.1424352526664734]
[0.0870901569724083]
[0.6138760447502136]
[0.3943426012992859]
[0.01558150164783001]
[0.024548258632421494]
[0.33040308952331543]
[0.39418843388557434]
[0.044155754148960114]
[0.011087877675890923]
[0.007566170301288366]
[0.029649728909134865]
[0.294784277677536]
[0.028444252908229828]
[0.18352308869361877]
[0.019392233341932297]
[0.16046392917633057]
[0.30874836444854736]
[0.4219765067100525]
[0.034162577241659164]
[0.08791933208703995]
[2.9322803020477295]
[0.24270746111869812]
[10.838754653930664]
[0.021713223308324814]
[0.02436843328177929]
[0.08796484023332596]
[0.016054999083280563]
[0.12556152045726776]
[0.008484411053359509]
[1.2360538244247437]
[0.06564707309007645]
[0.049006298184394836]
[0.03740653023123741]
[0.013862885534763336]
[0.6635593175888062]
[0.0215805321931839]
[0.04731789976358414]
[0.20254725217819214]
[0.004615919664502144]
[0.027937430888414383]
[0.23304599523544312]
[0.13450539112091064]
[0.008559290319681168]
[0.015697557479143143]
[0.0026922766119241714]
[0.039121225476264954]
[0.017931826412677765]
[0.16196535527706146]
[0.5979525446891785]
[0.012435730546712875]
[0.004035521298646927]
[0.004978598095476627]
[0.012189481407403946]
[9.31930923461914]
[0.2854970097541809]
[0.008108681067824364]
[1.4286980628967285]
[0.7047140598297119]
[0.015102988108992577]
[0.2582245171070099]
[0.003258590353652835]
[0.02066907100379467]
[0.020095013082027435]
[0.03359073027968407]
[1.2547900676727295]
[0.04346555098891258]
[0.021849989891052246]
[0.019566364586353302]
[0.01930907368659973]
[0.019907552748918533]
[0.043766628950834274]
[1.0282375812530518]
[0.009341370314359665]
[0.4183124601840973]
[0.18991856276988983]
[0.08998740464448929]
[0.059802666306495667]
[0.1559361219406128]
[0.03565828502178192]
[0.010480298660695553]
[0.011246518231928349]
[0.010000408627092838]
[0.1602267324924469]
[1.2403322458267212]
[0.14938649535179138]
[0.4910378158092499]
[0.6416345238685608]
[0.03442844748497009]
[0.2813666760921478]
[2.2075812816619873]
[0.13632647693157196]
[0.0017164491582661867]
[0.028743745759129524]
[0.010137501172721386]
[0.009410695172846317]
[0.1126299500465393]
[0.011988251470029354]
[0.03136405721306801]
[0.017306996509432793]
[0.012746338732540607]
[0.006423071026802063]
[0.18055684864521027]
[0.04197238013148308]
[0.016594748944044113]
[0.5476986169815063]
[0.004177219700068235]
[0.035213831812143326]
[0.03113134205341339]
[0.011889385059475899]
[0.009951479732990265]
[0.012742430903017521]
[0.03176451474428177]
[0.004160396754741669]
[0.009594915434718132]
[0.012661111541092396]
[0.746766209602356]
[0.3179561495780945]
[0.21916541457176208]
[0.0027233301661908627]
[2.4371650218963623]
[0.4976269006729126]
[0.004708561580628157]
[0.9940341711044312]
[0.2886885404586792]
[2.040195941925049]
[0.04299836605787277]
[0.011184719391167164]
[0.39506834745407104]
[0.014525285921990871]
[0.0037234374321997166]
[0.007314515765756369]
[0.028393175452947617]
[0.007867703214287758]
[0.018987689167261124]
[0.6172762513160706]
[2.8370354175567627]
[0.004332535434514284]
[0.1764264851808548]
[0.01275605708360672]
[0.015086761675775051]
[0.2757587730884552]
[1.287917137145996]
[0.4927152991294861]
[0.007858511991798878]
[1.110552191734314]
[0.006636294536292553]
[0.010273955762386322]
[0.016864212229847908]
[0.006392966024577618]
[0.009177708066999912]
[37.741050720214844]
[0.020863542333245277]
[0.0399911031126976]
[0.13176287710666656]
[0.08979139477014542]
[0.0033238392788916826]
[0.007558885030448437]
[0.08694508671760559]
[0.01538821216672659]
[0.19964438676834106]
[0.027263879776000977]
[0.029343264177441597]
[0.0060865809209644794]
[0.658844530582428]
[1.1631885766983032]
[0.007053993176668882]
[0.011413764208555222]
[0.022333258762955666]
[0.07209308445453644]
[0.6722159385681152]
[0.020169051364064217]
[0.014292215928435326]
[0.13623137772083282]
[0.021659741178154945]
[9.636370658874512]
[0.1392478346824646]
[0.13333764672279358]
[0.5637049674987793]
[0.041909538209438324]
[0.0864158421754837]
[1.2957655191421509]
[0.18714934587478638]
[0.28062766790390015]
[0.031367696821689606]
[0.006256026681512594]
[0.008793559856712818]
[0.04468453302979469]
[0.04606696963310242]
[0.05587136745452881]
[0.02402454800903797]
[0.50445955991745]
[0.012620726600289345]
[0.8518624901771545]
[0.02624436467885971]
[0.04856331646442413]
[0.010303089395165443]
[0.09531747549772263]
[0.3639460504055023]
[1.5771816968917847]
[0.024919645860791206]
[0.03232768177986145]
[0.017726998776197433]
[0.04479894042015076]
[0.24651779234409332]
[0.03655131161212921]
[0.06723185628652573]
[0.09682076424360275]
[0.050581954419612885]
[0.010083276778459549]
[0.009973748587071896]
[0.004818120039999485]
[0.005483365152031183]
[0.3258008658885956]
[0.021328940987586975]
[0.018649520352482796]
[0.019578946754336357]
[0.012412636540830135]
[0.4874744713306427]
[0.02496805042028427]
[0.28871044516563416]
[0.13173210620880127]
[0.0023641360457986593]
[0.015420434065163136]
[0.032477859407663345]
[2.069833517074585]
[0.14803819358348846]
[0.016741346567869186]
[4.082502841949463]
[12.013758659362793]
[5.063159465789795]
[0.166010782122612]
[0.03893649950623512]
[0.2306528091430664]
[0.0046556624583899975]
[0.01007930189371109]
[1.1086615324020386]
[1.4850068092346191]
[0.5620260238647461]
[0.37119945883750916]
[0.017775384709239006]
[0.14942079782485962]
[0.15625432133674622]
[0.002114666858687997]
[0.4408363997936249]
[0.3321532905101776]
[0.11039165407419205]
[0.38886183500289917]
[0.0489024743437767]
[0.015311092138290405]
[0.004537584725767374]
[0.03563627600669861]
[0.011295059695839882]
[0.647929310798645]
[0.005304054822772741]
[0.025038419291377068]
[0.012921508401632309]
[0.020332524552941322]
[0.00264703924767673]
[0.007795271463692188]
[0.006074720062315464]
[0.01931484416127205]
[3.8149476051330566]
[0.009630930610001087]
[0.02946000173687935]
[0.008408348076045513]
[0.05182685703039169]
[0.014713971875607967]
[0.0146780451759696]
[0.6294096112251282]
[0.007157312240451574]
[0.01348190102726221]
[0.012054305523633957]
[0.07897098362445831]
[0.19288647174835205]
[0.029172983020544052]
[0.032423362135887146]
[0.013676668517291546]
[0.037887413054704666]
[0.0116861118003726]
[0.0027742788661271334]
[0.004473256412893534]
[0.006454691756516695]
[0.15453356504440308]
[0.01666145958006382]
[0.10965841263532639]
[0.612943708896637]
[0.002689527813345194]
[0.06685221940279007]
[0.14400538802146912]
[0.07755081355571747]
[0.0070547680370509624]
[0.02617100439965725]
[0.005280508194118738]
[0.013835348188877106]
[0.009222181513905525]
[0.014135747216641903]
[0.1228422224521637]
[0.05342379957437515]
[0.0019712462089955807]
[0.017687663435935974]
[0.012092151679098606]
[0.0263359472155571]
[0.011765377596020699]
[14.841636657714844]
[0.1305830478668213]
[0.015567823313176632]
[0.3503672778606415]
[0.020701635628938675]
[0.03385259956121445]
[0.20269180834293365]
[0.014526640065014362]
[1.4607025384902954]
[0.17227521538734436]
[0.012638620100915432]
[0.0387442521750927]
[0.013599059544503689]
[0.06863149255514145]
[0.013251032680273056]
[1.1072797775268555]
[0.07397828251123428]
[0.003930606879293919]
[0.003696218365803361]
[0.04269196465611458]
[0.01043043751269579]
[0.0860123261809349]
[0.5369651913642883]
[0.13759931921958923]
[0.0300972368568182]
[0.005086051765829325]
[0.4789404571056366]
[0.014146345667541027]
[0.04092022031545639]
[0.17738348245620728]
[0.034073606133461]
[0.6301978826522827]
[0.19898037612438202]
[0.044135045260190964]
[0.005883766338229179]
[0.00956458505243063]
[0.00484020309522748]
[0.01012423075735569]
[0.004333378281444311]
[11.030948638916016]
[0.6752092242240906]
[0.01551792398095131]
[0.004221037495881319]
[0.01055896282196045]
[0.0501762293279171]
[0.0087392283603549]
[3.869053602218628]
[0.1619367152452469]
[0.010893957689404488]
[0.6163194179534912]
[0.010905149392783642]
[0.01537992712110281]
[0.033321477472782135]
[0.12016823887825012]
[0.011675907298922539]
[0.9303863048553467]
[0.008176502771675587]
[39.424720764160156]
[0.575745701789856]
[0.1384267956018448]
[0.014936661347746849]
[0.0019431011751294136]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.007225357461720705]
[0.5276777148246765]
[0.0018591538537293673]
[3.18947172164917]
[0.4033845067024231]
[0.1514611840248108]
[0.039135973900556564]
[0.013047907501459122]
[0.019433951005339622]
[0.05124158412218094]
[0.01862361468374729]
[0.052713729441165924]
[0.5065134167671204]
[0.02285923808813095]
[0.022926634177565575]
[0.09173038601875305]
[0.14995035529136658]
[0.07695982605218887]
[0.05290426313877106]
[0.015941372141242027]
[0.21536900103092194]
[9.402155876159668]
[0.031505607068538666]
[0.012119055725634098]
[0.005811796989291906]
[0.011187526397407055]
[0.362043559551239]
[0.3457612693309784]
[6.85527229309082]
[0.005456657614558935]
[0.003964230418205261]
[0.013043619692325592]
[0.03273425251245499]
[0.006289133336395025]
[0.04014909267425537]
[0.2915169596672058]
[0.048286501318216324]
[0.17147310078144073]
[0.008912244811654091]
[0.03448021784424782]
[0.010126871056854725]
[1.8150297403335571]
[0.012470194138586521]
[0.007692289538681507]
[0.013031715527176857]
[0.046942729502916336]
[0.011290770024061203]
[0.028601204976439476]
[0.06413990259170532]
[0.1768306940793991]
[0.012714951299130917]
[0.02600666508078575]
[0.033416565507650375]
[0.0607796348631382]
[0.14332014322280884]
[2.177464246749878]
[0.22126279771327972]
[11.314637184143066]
[0.26808395981788635]
[0.03132181987166405]
[0.024403441697359085]
[0.007900109514594078]
[3.4539215564727783]
[0.06021982803940773]
[0.21873591840267181]
[0.041429199278354645]
[1.5807734727859497]
[4.306735992431641]
[0.03330038860440254]
[0.0346904881298542]
[0.0371476374566555]
[0.019301366060972214]
[0.14619572460651398]
[0.03293849527835846]
[0.010896014980971813]
[0.04195859283208847]
[0.32720524072647095]
[0.37390148639678955]
[0.003550227265805006]
[0.03091522678732872]
[0.7421948909759521]
[0.018382836133241653]
[0.028637003153562546]
[20.19924545288086]
[0.3489968478679657]
[0.051671724766492844]
[0.14350110292434692]
[1.1325860023498535]
[0.4238929748535156]
[0.020759614184498787]
[0.02331617660820484]
[0.06447309255599976]
[0.03224789723753929]
[0.039357077330350876]
[111.55782318115234]
[0.04889051616191864]
[0.026457421481609344]
[0.15540827810764313]
[0.0016762360464781523]
[0.022632205858826637]
[0.03379281610250473]
[0.07044937461614609]
[0.03531622141599655]
[0.030542192980647087]
[0.008483401499688625]
[0.39008355140686035]
[0.9162567853927612]
[0.016236072406172752]
[0.01941084861755371]
[0.003179732244461775]
[0.1957431584596634]
[0.023913545534014702]
[0.38097625970840454]
[0.05643591284751892]
[0.0358208492398262]
[1.1818242073059082]
[0.006933190859854221]
[0.12128975987434387]
[0.01204974390566349]
[0.009225044399499893]
[0.003154102247208357]
[0.0165859367698431]
[0.028819171711802483]
[0.0370742529630661]
[0.025151198729872704]
[1.2975778579711914]
[0.09315021336078644]
[0.03087729960680008]
[0.11412490159273148]
[0.03906465694308281]
[0.01675933413207531]
[0.10257662832736969]
[0.04475853964686394]
[0.014721465297043324]
[0.16674067080020905]
[0.03216360881924629]
[0.03903837502002716]
[0.6366658806800842]
[0.4059215784072876]
[0.042821452021598816]
[1.0087878704071045]
[0.008217588067054749]
[0.03351319208741188]
[0.017316481098532677]
[0.4062310457229614]
[0.022733934223651886]
[0.0038868600968271494]
[0.007348573300987482]
[0.007503177504986525]
[0.05005720257759094]
[0.007677729241549969]
[0.026740169152617455]
[0.022548817098140717]
[0.004620973952114582]
[0.009380185976624489]
[0.11548455059528351]
[0.0028798195999115705]
[0.04467622935771942]
[0.0031638992950320244]
[0.01714729145169258]
[0.22734913229942322]
[0.011393552646040916]
[0.05607457086443901]
[0.007246319204568863]
[0.0034851771779358387]
[0.014141784980893135]
[0.007996615022420883]
[0.004063908942043781]
[0.0828336551785469]
[0.009752260521054268]
[0.006317619234323502]
[0.4140974283218384]
[0.02337156981229782]
[0.29448410868644714]
[0.14751295745372772]
[7.629566192626953]
[0.4087170362472534]
[0.03211720287799835]
[0.04220350831747055]
[0.008399616926908493]
[0.3266814351081848]
[0.024446241557598114]
[2.083902597427368]
[0.03204675391316414]
[0.2055886685848236]
[0.035944655537605286]
[0.03063032776117325]
[0.027481243014335632]
[0.07701364904642105]
[0.027737362310290337]
[0.010958815924823284]
[0.37383171916007996]
[0.3398998975753784]
[0.010477897711098194]
[0.030459625646471977]
[2.572265625]
[0.014964439906179905]
[0.38611260056495667]
[0.025317829102277756]
[0.2175842672586441]
[0.004502769559621811]
[0.006829878315329552]
[3.705245018005371]
[0.35002604126930237]
[3.307635545730591]
[0.15326300263404846]
[0.05656022951006889]
[0.05962245538830757]
[0.013046307489275932]
[0.21016278862953186]
[0.023045144975185394]
[0.2237546294927597]
[0.014497545547783375]
[0.006412021350115538]
[0.719758927822113]
[0.06883630901575089]
[0.003072940744459629]
[0.006773501634597778]
[0.018900273367762566]
[0.102965347468853]
[0.09557796269655228]
[0.017214808613061905]
[0.009039861150085926]
[0.015259814448654652]
[0.05349132418632507]
[0.010125542990863323]
[0.07589980959892273]
[0.029712848365306854]
[0.36878886818885803]
[0.008212282322347164]
[0.032664187252521515]
[0.006323771085590124]
[0.004000464919954538]
[4.972751617431641]
[0.33917367458343506]
[0.005494070239365101]
[0.04657026380300522]
[0.004276135470718145]
[0.014496050775051117]
[0.027149586006999016]
[0.014309223741292953]
[0.014902056194841862]
[0.007537090219557285]
[0.014944377355277538]
[21.216285705566406]
[0.3087078928947449]
[0.01040168758481741]
[0.036438167095184326]
[0.0677276998758316]
[0.004793764092028141]
[0.008581247180700302]
[0.06414248794317245]
[0.029084134846925735]
[0.03984988108277321]
[18.5151309967041]
[1.7662643194198608]
[0.007728023920208216]
[0.013704302720725536]
[0.004769246093928814]
[0.012342270463705063]
[0.019711412489414215]
[0.014817151241004467]
[0.5465182662010193]
[0.02983381226658821]
[0.057311806827783585]
[0.2558646500110626]
[0.0445128008723259]
[0.04262854903936386]
[0.20670883357524872]
[0.03397315368056297]
[0.022488169372081757]
[0.015259147621691227]
[0.04349692910909653]
[0.19121213257312775]
[0.21052367985248566]
[0.5438973903656006]
[0.0672120451927185]
[1.049299955368042]
[0.012206758372485638]
[0.05078520253300667]
[0.02213772013783455]
[0.029411889612674713]
[1.0787996053695679]
[0.0832994282245636]
[0.015675492584705353]
[0.04311200603842735]
[0.01136765442788601]
[0.006722765974700451]
[0.03182481974363327]
[0.43487852811813354]
[0.48966607451438904]
[0.030639488250017166]
[0.017519600689411163]
[0.440744012594223]
[26.00737953186035]
[0.10417553037405014]
[0.007879817858338356]
[0.016676142811775208]
[0.024899190291762352]
[0.20554481446743011]
[0.007991929538547993]
[0.033585239201784134]
[0.029127418994903564]
[1.2734266519546509]
[0.40914785861968994]
[0.01651473343372345]
[0.06758961081504822]
[1.701310396194458]
[0.14102484285831451]
[0.010377391241490841]
[0.23914934694766998]
[0.01605674810707569]
[0.24546445906162262]
[1.129246711730957]
[0.26341068744659424]
[0.022281944751739502]
[0.30937430262565613]
[0.2249743789434433]
[1.6858901977539062]
[0.30066296458244324]
[0.14849190413951874]
[0.23185376822948456]
[0.22462601959705353]
[1.4455119371414185]
[0.22056204080581665]
[0.01404735166579485]
[0.07025731354951859]
[1.8406338691711426]
[1.5101104974746704]
[0.1652268022298813]
[0.4430539608001709]
[0.0266424473375082]
[0.4586489498615265]
[0.009418230503797531]
[0.6309486031532288]
[0.3363603353500366]
[0.008305741474032402]
[0.02592981979250908]
[0.019080955535173416]
[0.1180424913764]
[0.737409770488739]
[0.010597934946417809]
[0.23227083683013916]
[0.41585251688957214]
[5.030579090118408]
[0.03053879737854004]
[0.016384221613407135]
[0.4217570126056671]
[0.008720861747860909]
[0.08144181966781616]
[0.005931973922997713]
[0.023571880534291267]
[0.007170489523559809]
[0.04947551339864731]
[0.4434049129486084]
[0.012287760153412819]
[0.007152830250561237]
[0.032744549214839935]
[0.8857095241546631]
[2.367321252822876]
[1.375288724899292]
[0.049855176359415054]
[0.21300692856311798]
[0.02296479046344757]
[0.21193797886371613]
[1.4070757627487183]
[0.047653842717409134]
[0.016900552436709404]
[0.04537537693977356]
[0.05844008922576904]
[0.10699421167373657]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[0.028922855854034424]
[0.00491780461743474]
[0.014100993983447552]
[0.017093703150749207]
[0.06140244007110596]
[0.7022649645805359]
[0.029404127970337868]
[0.003973296843469143]
[0.004027933813631535]
[0.013969319872558117]
[0.5070999264717102]
[0.015557089820504189]
[0.06724879145622253]
[47.97578048706055]
[0.0492568202316761]
[0.08321497589349747]
[0.10226504504680634]
[0.09633667767047882]
[0.04180356115102768]
[1.0662938356399536]
[1.0791962146759033]
[0.7786017656326294]
[0.18873760104179382]
[0.7647162079811096]
[0.09139465540647507]
[0.17375782132148743]
[0.180045485496521]
[1.0243042707443237]
[2.956021785736084]
[0.12257248163223267]
[7.032967567443848]
[2.983060836791992]
[2.0281548500061035]
[0.3523942232131958]
[3.839301824569702]
[0.43318966031074524]
[0.29851198196411133]
[0.9165785312652588]
[0.7069641947746277]
[0.4112868905067444]
[0.3223685920238495]
[0.2035355567932129]
[0.08530562371015549]
[0.08431331813335419]
[27.687501907348633]
[0.034652579575777054]
[0.04130015894770622]
[0.0087278475984931]
[0.7306206226348877]
[0.262345552444458]
[1.162794828414917]
[0.012582080438733101]
[0.5669797658920288]
[0.11779271066188812]
[0.19421106576919556]
[1.3017584085464478]
[0.059704963117837906]
[0.026910141110420227]
[0.02365080639719963]
[0.014701214618980885]
[0.017187226563692093]
[0.1185593232512474]
[0.41385596990585327]
[0.011279272846877575]
[0.01920142024755478]
[0.01591702364385128]
[0.01176017988473177]
[0.456476628780365]
[0.23926468193531036]
[0.1206892803311348]
[0.027847427874803543]
[1.6108888387680054]
[0.3642673194408417]
[0.012956916354596615]
[0.2630113363265991]
[0.34827882051467896]
[0.13707679510116577]
[0.009981906041502953]
[0.029219744727015495]
[0.039541274309158325]
[0.48154351115226746]
[0.724959135055542]
[0.01634121499955654]
[0.020100966095924377]
[0.8775299191474915]
[0.14419634640216827]
[0.1696459800004959]
[0.01280164998024702]
[0.2359435260295868]
[0.09797032177448273]
[0.02045403979718685]
[0.03693859279155731]
[1.5609130859375]
[0.03869960084557533]
[0.01430176105350256]
[1.0009095668792725]
[0.00975258368998766]
[0.036141104996204376]
[0.03044627606868744]
[0.027860431000590324]
[0.015751084312796593]
[0.02149166539311409]
[3.5009677410125732]
[0.03016088716685772]
[0.01847732812166214]
[0.009914158843457699]
[0.013934815302491188]
[0.012606339529156685]
[0.010975876823067665]
[0.03342573344707489]
[0.019369106739759445]
[0.011166040785610676]
[6.285820484161377]
[0.01907869055867195]
[0.017974264919757843]
[0.2676011025905609]
[0.024961845949292183]
[0.325156569480896]
[3.725144147872925]
[0.2988038659095764]
[0.01872151345014572]
[0.7505207061767578]
[0.2640340328216553]
[0.01125754788517952]
[0.024095816537737846]
[1.5612554550170898]
[0.1414305418729782]
[0.01361461915075779]
[0.017428379505872726]
[0.026943374425172806]
[0.09242428094148636]
[0.13600173592567444]
[0.38410159945487976]
[0.2525036633014679]
[0.03854729235172272]
[0.22448578476905823]
[0.006353101693093777]
[0.022237740457057953]
[0.014294312335550785]
[1.1513090133666992]
[0.22975939512252808]
[0.3833102285861969]
[0.5300248861312866]
[0.09529588371515274]
[0.059882692992687225]
[0.3613806664943695]
[0.02595354989171028]
[1.2451167106628418]
[0.018079213798046112]
[0.008896119892597198]
[14.136768341064453]
[0.021820658817887306]
[0.1729208528995514]
[0.007153389044106007]
[11.999969482421875]
[0.014866720885038376]
[0.8802205920219421]
[0.028274662792682648]
[0.00781499408185482]
[0.07241764664649963]
[0.006688030436635017]
[0.011853153817355633]
[0.03309990093111992]
[0.007445195689797401]
[0.37937024235725403]
[0.3800450265407562]
[0.809823215007782]
[0.015035174787044525]
[0.014399133622646332]
[5.130646228790283]
[0.028455547988414764]
[0.00890209898352623]
[0.017310259863734245]
[0.022222349420189857]
[0.38953521847724915]
[0.014311716891825199]
[0.006773946341127157]
[0.011699753813445568]
[0.012169796973466873]
[0.018971966579556465]
[0.009304343722760677]
[0.0734429806470871]
[0.04310854524374008]
[0.025527870282530785]
[0.049542881548404694]
[0.35854804515838623]
[0.027617890387773514]
[0.22900764644145966]
[1.4552830457687378]
[0.0060492632910609245]
[0.008128482848405838]
[0.33641791343688965]
[0.2502869963645935]
[0.006028545089066029]
[0.013361338526010513]
[0.010749842040240765]
[0.033109236508607864]
[0.10700514167547226]
[0.01139093842357397]
[0.005893012508749962]
[0.40021228790283203]
[0.002921377308666706]
[1.4819544553756714]
[0.046090785413980484]
[0.028619248420000076]
[0.04660434648394585]
[0.058272067457437515]
[0.010007071308791637]
[0.005585892125964165]
[0.014865457080304623]
[0.22521385550498962]
[0.009511047974228859]
[0.023733938112854958]
[0.029076363891363144]
[0.6718757152557373]
[0.010477718897163868]
[0.006325296126306057]
[0.06182963773608208]
[0.009704737924039364]
[0.04045179486274719]
[0.3548566401004791]
[0.010953852906823158]
[0.010667910799384117]
[0.006638386752456427]
[1.404772162437439]
[0.051450878381729126]
[0.01432312373071909]
[0.04286247119307518]
[1.664777398109436]
[0.04504524543881416]
[0.04211558774113655]
[0.14781609177589417]
[0.02672339417040348]
[0.17587707936763763]
[0.022855054587125778]
[0.014224115759134293]
[0.0032024837564677]
[0.012930989265441895]
[0.030962783843278885]
[0.07896130532026291]
[0.004853487946093082]
[0.30945131182670593]
[0.008492358028888702]
[0.0029799470212310553]
[0.1839677393436432]
[0.018777359277009964]
[0.03879929706454277]
[0.012375720776617527]
[0.42070597410202026]
[0.025890637189149857]
[0.03537927567958832]
[0.03244134411215782]
[0.0021028935443609953]
[0.024975799024105072]
[0.6627709269523621]
[0.3998008370399475]
[16.62493324279785]
[0.18084056675434113]
[0.006384911481291056]
[0.005411419086158276]
[0.021118711680173874]
[0.19563347101211548]
[1.447053074836731]
[0.00943702645599842]
[0.009738701395690441]
[0.028717881068587303]
[0.01292842160910368]
[0.020625947043299675]
[0.012423438020050526]
[0.001504811691120267]
[0.22560875117778778]
[0.0075917355716228485]
[0.011247553862631321]
[0.278647243976593]
[0.07921930402517319]
[0.001471089432016015]
[0.2219058871269226]
[0.01504400372505188]
[0.011106474325060844]
[0.008373112417757511]
[0.6807480454444885]
[0.3581732511520386]
[0.41939476132392883]
[0.012360245920717716]
[0.012829411774873734]
[0.01814563199877739]
[0.08370885998010635]
[28.35723114013672]
[0.03294086456298828]
[0.010000881738960743]
[0.031134001910686493]
[0.5674244165420532]
[1.6146246194839478]
[0.6002234816551208]
[0.011418103240430355]
[6.376153469085693]
[0.19778408110141754]
[0.02136465348303318]
[0.1928873211145401]
[0.2095896303653717]
[0.7241222858428955]
[0.041699476540088654]
[1.7936962842941284]
[0.025250425562262535]
[0.04330211505293846]
[0.6395207643508911]
[0.8128912448883057]
[0.2915155291557312]
[0.007258589845150709]
[0.16918599605560303]
[0.40296801924705505]
[0.043424736708402634]
[0.003617687150835991]
[0.0812666192650795]
[0.00625203363597393]
[0.6069594025611877]
[12.495857238769531]
[0.51019686460495]
[0.011010765098035336]
[0.43195250630378723]
[0.015533284284174442]
[0.2903357446193695]
[0.42298218607902527]
[0.29066455364227295]
[0.1329576075077057]
[0.335216760635376]
[1.4628007411956787]
[0.03289526328444481]
[0.1467045694589615]
[0.2638678550720215]
[0.01921803504228592]
[0.027857687324285507]
[0.14843356609344482]
[0.021296093240380287]
[0.0054194252006709576]
[0.015056435018777847]
[0.07978861778974533]
[0.031565111130476]
[0.011239510960876942]
[0.010793425142765045]
[0.8531790971755981]
[0.005768186412751675]
[0.42712780833244324]
[0.010432299226522446]
[0.03889670968055725]
[0.19460690021514893]
[1.3857178688049316]
[0.023531336337327957]
[0.31123796105384827]
[0.019151244312524796]
[0.01880597323179245]
[0.016899695619940758]
[0.3828004002571106]
[0.6523287296295166]
[0.3835127353668213]
[0.3176397979259491]
[0.011215832084417343]
[0.18406075239181519]
[0.033647190779447556]
[0.008467528969049454]
[0.6092783212661743]
[0.006892654113471508]
[0.5281879305839539]
[0.19326496124267578]
[0.10514038056135178]
[0.02790861576795578]
[0.16292475163936615]
[2.7643167972564697]
[0.09896628558635712]
[0.17830991744995117]
[0.03023950569331646]
[0.12747617065906525]
[0.39044055342674255]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.06206580996513367]
[0.01043627131730318]
[0.07919739186763763]
[0.0820697695016861]
[0.011228919960558414]
[0.24679674208164215]
[1.3918962478637695]
[1.078273057937622]
[0.022153258323669434]
[0.034091655164957047]
[0.012362027540802956]
[0.012464281171560287]
[0.020468158647418022]
[0.28727248311042786]
[0.013544941321015358]
[0.020894840359687805]
[0.01185334287583828]
[25.777822494506836]
[0.008240544237196445]
[0.011184610426425934]
[0.6748904585838318]
[0.02149924822151661]
[0.007341559045016766]
[0.22086526453495026]
[0.028796695172786713]
[0.009878340177237988]
[0.1789708137512207]
[0.030127936974167824]
[0.11888821423053741]
[0.015827275812625885]
[0.07720861583948135]
[0.06738769263029099]
[0.05384289100766182]
[0.05872020125389099]
[0.6489936709403992]
[0.2634084224700928]
[0.2535572946071625]
[0.17192822694778442]
[0.02861173450946808]
[0.12773175537586212]
[0.014014296233654022]
[0.02773953415453434]
[0.011693160980939865]
[3.1737122535705566]
[0.017479795962572098]
[0.056527309119701385]
[0.2045147866010666]
[0.023058349266648293]
[0.5093154907226562]
[0.02616984210908413]
[0.014816595241427422]
[0.024288833141326904]
[0.019704164937138557]
[0.027528107166290283]
[0.03882284089922905]
[0.014910762198269367]
[0.1262725591659546]
[0.02270343527197838]
[0.08835458010435104]
[0.05668835714459419]
[0.023781055584549904]
[0.3354725241661072]
[0.029145468026399612]
[9.98320484161377]
[0.30666884779930115]
[0.2861039638519287]
[0.05927252769470215]
[0.08669039607048035]
[0.4123525619506836]
[0.27404576539993286]
[0.0318530909717083]
[0.3297758400440216]
[0.02083630859851837]
[515.8961181640625]
[0.011124656535685062]
[0.2192111760377884]
[0.01405470259487629]
[0.09748577326536179]
[1.6453499794006348]
[0.010772419162094593]
[0.6451194286346436]
[0.08697748184204102]
[0.6277765035629272]
[0.6865937113761902]
[1.8694143295288086]
[1.9779375791549683]
[0.2789607048034668]
[0.2909812033176422]
[0.3680514991283417]
[0.29129838943481445]
[0.025672869756817818]
[0.40108180046081543]
[0.9842898845672607]
[1.80194890499115]
[0.028982987627387047]
[0.014939019456505775]
[0.31223973631858826]
[2.045926570892334]
[0.6153485774993896]
[0.43316781520843506]
[3.16957426071167]
[0.10515104979276657]
[0.27887576818466187]
[0.06488680094480515]
[0.010175841860473156]
[0.043330367654561996]
[0.01532217487692833]
[0.2934644818305969]
[0.0368390716612339]
[2.0532989501953125]
[0.03261144831776619]
[0.40877678990364075]
[2.3400816917419434]
[0.1844276487827301]
[0.018966788426041603]
[0.01766194775700569]
[7.903126239776611]
[4.326786994934082]
[0.015573257580399513]
[0.027841508388519287]
[0.17838947474956512]
[0.9538266062736511]
[0.4322753846645355]
[0.12830324470996857]
[0.01189590897411108]
[0.08769692480564117]
[0.008784662932157516]
[0.024677803739905357]
[0.07271719723939896]
[3.5346431732177734]
[413.6614990234375]
[0.23582343757152557]
[0.007040281314402819]
[0.009634283371269703]
[0.8456528186798096]
[0.14850488305091858]
[0.2558165490627289]
[2.1606240272521973]
[0.2675643265247345]
[1.2681670188903809]
[0.2856578826904297]
[17.303611755371094]
[1.0936636924743652]
[0.3118322491645813]
[1.3359178304672241]
[2.019865036010742]
[0.7385730743408203]
[5.338627338409424]
[3.188723087310791]
[29.63347625732422]
[6.62691593170166]
[2.5882296562194824]
[0.9063276648521423]
[2.3971734046936035]
[2.1944544315338135]
[0.1385946422815323]
[2.4538819789886475]
[0.17609059810638428]
[0.010771607048809528]
[0.30479303002357483]
[0.08927152305841446]
[0.30299460887908936]
[0.29178252816200256]
[0.4081861972808838]
[0.3276865780353546]
[0.053986307233572006]
[1.291884422302246]
[0.5054373145103455]
[0.9426320791244507]
[0.0915435403585434]
[0.38460105657577515]
[5.208971977233887]
[0.15518338978290558]
[0.2591625452041626]
[5.573830604553223]
[0.2751767933368683]
[0.04578210040926933]
[0.05649029091000557]
[0.027078421786427498]
[0.5539767742156982]
[0.20369671285152435]
[0.02527112327516079]
[0.02318504825234413]
[0.15486471354961395]
[0.12962549924850464]
[0.10867896676063538]
[0.06056167185306549]
[0.03512623533606529]
[8.761238098144531]
[0.17586539685726166]
[0.10001275688409805]
[0.07306975871324539]
[0.20349742472171783]
[0.07041466236114502]
[0.595879077911377]
[0.5592957735061646]
[2.2388486862182617]
[0.2571755647659302]
[0.03556688874959946]
[0.04486905410885811]
[0.080347940325737]
[5.288236141204834]
[0.09404049813747406]
[0.005268908105790615]
[0.01911907270550728]
[0.07744746655225754]
[0.11901236325502396]
[0.08292873203754425]
[0.3348008990287781]
[0.029916364699602127]
[0.021551484242081642]
[0.7241129875183105]
[0.15903659164905548]
[0.019845319911837578]
[0.021722204983234406]
[0.022259430959820747]
[0.2844083309173584]
[0.14117765426635742]
[0.29415303468704224]
[0.6563822031021118]
[0.02318747527897358]
[0.2583445608615875]
[0.29426783323287964]
[0.7746276259422302]
[0.013773939572274685]
[0.37647488713264465]
[0.40262317657470703]
[0.1526336669921875]
[0.29119232296943665]
[0.32198986411094666]
[0.015487312339246273]
[0.13686464726924896]
[0.2784070074558258]
[1.056786298751831]
[0.12922634184360504]
[0.05454259365797043]
[0.26661932468414307]
[0.0901925340294838]
[0.2536516785621643]
[0.10429814457893372]
[0.034853849560022354]
[0.5129162073135376]
[1.5855337381362915]
[0.28170326352119446]
[0.021647859364748]
[3.2572009563446045]
[1.2051098346710205]
[25.865041732788086]
[0.376068651676178]
[0.009560251608490944]
[0.8265939354896545]
[0.0371934175491333]
[0.23021383583545685]
[0.010179907083511353]
[4.348426342010498]
[0.0387941412627697]
[3.480139970779419]
[0.050496749579906464]
[0.016658833250403404]
[0.11540154367685318]
[9.123127937316895]
[0.03439858555793762]
[0.036134637892246246]
[0.027684438973665237]
[0.010126065462827682]
[0.024623572826385498]
[0.00985680241137743]
[3.689321517944336]
[0.023096268996596336]
[1.6297651529312134]
[2.2334516048431396]
[0.02184215374290943]
[0.08489622175693512]
[0.026796365156769753]
[0.028507214039564133]
[0.7348830699920654]
[0.03574254363775253]
[0.010389299131929874]
[0.416784405708313]
[0.047280821949243546]
[0.013047363609075546]
[0.289778470993042]
[0.10231117904186249]
[0.46779826283454895]
[0.10929057002067566]
[0.022782983258366585]
[0.31447833776474]
[0.03629598766565323]
[0.3682345449924469]
[0.01740863174200058]
[0.018623996526002884]
[18.860445022583008]
[0.19594472646713257]
[0.3043309152126312]
[0.01632954552769661]
[0.44582661986351013]
[0.21631498634815216]
[0.5363010168075562]
[0.08595238626003265]
[9.603763580322266]
[0.08341182768344879]
[1.3091071844100952]
[0.08101317286491394]
[0.44290581345558167]
[9.63113784790039]
[0.09142910689115524]
[0.7275006771087646]
[0.02212892472743988]
[0.6369976997375488]
[0.02327892929315567]
[0.26833802461624146]
[0.47544509172439575]
[0.008849701844155788]
[0.015169121325016022]
[0.027047641575336456]
[0.04446588456630707]
[0.09958494454622269]
[0.2753692865371704]
[0.023995468392968178]
[0.038783833384513855]
[0.008622712455689907]
[0.12500706315040588]
[0.4107454717159271]
[0.06159322336316109]
[0.1532987654209137]
[0.09379202127456665]
[0.02590174973011017]
[0.025725867599248886]
[0.02289397642016411]
[0.014683307148516178]
[0.3397574722766876]
[0.4335722029209137]
[0.28259795904159546]
[0.024633493274450302]
[0.012583613395690918]
[0.12525536119937897]
[0.01808576099574566]
[0.2418532371520996]
[0.023839063942432404]
[0.15360663831233978]
[0.13030287623405457]
[0.1268456131219864]
[0.24452495574951172]
[0.06045341491699219]
[0.12152532488107681]
[0.025774208828806877]
[0.020566558465361595]
[0.42246752977371216]
[0.03497086465358734]
[0.1739702671766281]
[0.07298792898654938]
[0.07061739265918732]
[0.017070554196834564]
[0.018036779016256332]
[0.021230053156614304]
[0.04112596809864044]
[0.0382196307182312]
[0.6072089672088623]
[0.020390518009662628]
[0.005930210463702679]
[0.005092676728963852]
[0.05994535982608795]
[0.018500367179512978]
[0.6065940260887146]
[0.26329824328422546]
[0.06142154335975647]
[0.042599454522132874]
[0.010002519004046917]
[0.06874183565378189]
[0.036600347608327866]
[0.26923102140426636]
[0.7296276092529297]
[4.0789875984191895]
[0.012621109373867512]
[0.10545642673969269]
[0.9848381876945496]
[0.031063327565789223]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.012047985568642616]
[0.5964471697807312]
[0.16013950109481812]
[0.042211733758449554]
[0.018667414784431458]
[0.35971149802207947]
[15.039007186889648]
[0.02872314490377903]
[0.3193826973438263]
[0.44193100929260254]
[0.4253351092338562]
[0.0434517003595829]
[0.012067761272192001]
[0.03854585066437721]
[0.2604701519012451]
[0.1293923258781433]
[0.022119367495179176]
[0.13897016644477844]
[0.03312534838914871]
[0.022447733208537102]
[0.017525527626276016]
[0.07522352039813995]
[2.405177116394043]
[0.18425492942333221]
[0.22669892013072968]
[0.06286013871431351]
[0.3880172371864319]
[0.025749266147613525]
[0.031998541206121445]
[0.015749812126159668]
[0.39131414890289307]
[0.1235133707523346]
[0.03115321323275566]
[0.355499267578125]
[0.053738731890916824]
[0.017770880833268166]
[0.04825463891029358]
[0.4906559884548187]
[1.3023808002471924]
[0.0556684173643589]
[0.008022135123610497]
[0.9472408890724182]
[0.049837514758110046]
[1.7523596286773682]
[0.026186218485236168]
[0.42783427238464355]
[0.018403224647045135]
[0.3650621473789215]
[0.015675343573093414]
[0.017789281904697418]
[0.08380764722824097]
[0.05822107940912247]
[0.02356083132326603]
[0.038755711168050766]
[0.03319729492068291]
[1.107865810394287]
[0.024533972144126892]
[0.020348556339740753]
[10.243648529052734]
[0.17888247966766357]
[0.012715514749288559]
[0.14123159646987915]
[0.013180880807340145]
[0.016113581135869026]
[0.028540832921862602]
[0.02927975170314312]
[0.038000088185071945]
[0.020916396751999855]
[0.015141592361032963]
[0.01752602308988571]
[0.005308858118951321]
[0.08467628806829453]
[0.06777293980121613]
[0.050051089376211166]
[0.14149706065654755]
[0.029975995421409607]
[0.020221523940563202]
[0.014953741803765297]
[0.02474534697830677]
[0.026415759697556496]
[0.017174165695905685]
[0.3536999225616455]
[9426.3876953125]
[0.12080679088830948]
[0.012221179902553558]
[0.3155219554901123]
[0.3251473605632782]
[0.08963225036859512]
[59.034507751464844]
[0.007234619930386543]
[0.009503180161118507]
[0.06523730605840683]
[0.1855172961950302]
[0.03548618406057358]
[0.04212961718440056]
[0.047737736254930496]
[0.11989521235227585]
[0.035019636154174805]
[0.016824429854750633]
[0.03953246772289276]
[0.015204941853880882]
[0.016612930223345757]
[0.47958317399024963]
[0.02886185422539711]
[0.029508652165532112]
[0.06117205321788788]
[0.2589985728263855]
[0.44573700428009033]
[0.16712990403175354]
[0.20921823382377625]
[0.6453385949134827]
[1.4114265441894531]
[3.9549665451049805]
[0.015653690323233604]
[0.06148442625999451]
[0.3001750707626343]
[0.06107057258486748]
[0.10075273364782333]
[0.02245219238102436]
[0.020825887098908424]
[0.33656567335128784]
[0.07398636639118195]
[0.15652316808700562]
[0.09090723097324371]
[1.1105109453201294]
[0.008875006809830666]
[0.022771554067730904]
[0.3130919933319092]
[5.276164531707764]
[0.179245725274086]
[0.01386138703674078]
[0.24179619550704956]
[0.026074744760990143]
[2.4319989681243896]
[0.04021988809108734]
[0.40972068905830383]
[0.058976057916879654]
[0.296451210975647]
[0.035066183656454086]
[0.040584370493888855]
[0.6580650210380554]
[0.01857946626842022]
[1.6225069761276245]
[0.024417150765657425]
[0.02666620910167694]
[0.03696965053677559]
[0.03689469024538994]
[0.010521561838686466]
[0.0355900414288044]
[0.03594043478369713]
[0.012258738279342651]
[0.020495068281888962]
[0.025173155590891838]
[0.08351043611764908]
[0.020071376115083694]
[0.031237520277500153]
[0.5137256979942322]
[0.39486581087112427]
[0.5376128554344177]
[0.019725937396287918]
[0.01901150681078434]
[0.02289431169629097]
[0.013705943711102009]
[0.15395377576351166]
[0.006343277171254158]
[0.007102550473064184]
[0.048564400523900986]
[0.022738663479685783]
[0.6541881561279297]
[0.0931338518857956]
[0.024664029479026794]
[0.73993319272995]
[0.7568152546882629]
[0.03402820974588394]
[32.68403625488281]
[4.882234573364258]
[0.2828408181667328]
[0.44785937666893005]
[0.04429246857762337]
[0.0158707145601511]
[0.06823240965604782]
[0.01648210547864437]
[0.14438396692276]
[0.16478615999221802]
[0.1670251041650772]
[0.06163175404071808]
[0.06567484885454178]
[0.04302525520324707]
[0.06963775306940079]
[0.03466092422604561]
[0.42346182465553284]
[0.08243295550346375]
[1.069409966468811]
[0.0778307244181633]
[0.005812372080981731]
[0.9599641561508179]
[0.09830310940742493]
[0.3061935603618622]
[0.5588411092758179]
[0.5157156586647034]
[0.058302901685237885]
[0.008776511065661907]
[0.08065132051706314]
[0.013004661537706852]
[0.8816754221916199]
[0.10685770213603973]
[0.9319700002670288]
[0.006003817543387413]
[0.08702605962753296]
[0.05333426967263222]
[1.3339003324508667]
[0.036905448883771896]
[0.07373181730508804]
[0.07006596773862839]
[0.0533914752304554]
[0.027644330635666847]
[0.03452105075120926]
[0.04649399220943451]
[0.05597848817706108]
[0.054779376834630966]
[7.158142566680908]
[0.8775561451911926]
[13.131562232971191]
[0.06187286227941513]
[0.013907632790505886]
[851.89453125]
[0.005908527411520481]
[0.04923815280199051]
[0.006985621526837349]
[0.00635864632204175]
[0.348688006401062]
[0.04465591534972191]
[0.041339050978422165]
[0.13609679043293]
[0.017535019665956497]
[1.3743284940719604]
[29.53973388671875]
[0.39613044261932373]
[2.011245012283325]
[0.11499843001365662]
[0.09889426827430725]
[0.022211473435163498]
[3.005862236022949]
[0.05277460068464279]
[0.00960559956729412]
[0.06355827301740646]
[0.31331461668014526]
[0.4128202795982361]
[0.27216625213623047]
[1.137382984161377]
[0.1567593216896057]
[0.06301591545343399]
[0.17870411276817322]
[0.07044734060764313]
[0.47397691011428833]
[0.06194433569908142]
[0.04380730167031288]
[0.049166206270456314]
[0.057843293994665146]
[0.011908200569450855]
[0.777697741985321]
[0.26271894574165344]
[0.007646151352673769]
[0.12707479298114777]
[0.5981323719024658]
[0.34743455052375793]
[27.67428207397461]
[0.5217466950416565]
[0.6818780303001404]
[0.036743536591529846]
[0.4099615216255188]
[0.28179362416267395]
[0.804422914981842]
[0.12434028834104538]
[0.04832432419061661]
[0.3804968595504761]
[0.013289966620504856]
[1.2621448040008545]
[0.30081793665885925]
[0.03334791958332062]
[0.16037973761558533]
[0.3079383373260498]
[0.09099922329187393]
[0.3046145737171173]
[0.009729797020554543]
[2.4549760818481445]
[102.63556671142578]
[0.09434687346220016]
[0.05213050916790962]
[0.4731385111808777]
[0.05019817873835564]
[0.015226959250867367]
[0.06311924010515213]
[4.518307685852051]
[0.11767168343067169]
[0.8207773566246033]
[0.6586729288101196]
[0.1152387261390686]
[5.520397186279297]
[0.03763360530138016]
[2.7093570232391357]
[0.015344666317105293]
[0.20080967247486115]
[0.035253919661045074]
[0.02617272548377514]
[0.26002272963523865]
[0.18758311867713928]
[0.011358645744621754]
[0.401264488697052]
[0.5167858600616455]
[0.6752288937568665]
[0.2241729497909546]
[0.431753933429718]
[0.2517623007297516]
[0.04329623654484749]
[0.0295596644282341]
[0.01773405633866787]
[0.0547424852848053]
[1.4460018873214722]
[1.509412407875061]
[0.42855748534202576]
[0.1246950626373291]
[0.732872486114502]
[19.163633346557617]
[0.0667349323630333]
[0.2855735123157501]
[0.43201830983161926]
[0.43385741114616394]
[0.3347657322883606]
[0.11510393768548965]
[0.2657509446144104]
[1.3000470399856567]
[1.442184567451477]
[0.008290351368486881]
[0.016103405505418777]
[0.27964872121810913]
[0.013467890210449696]
[0.26125699281692505]
[0.10671598464250565]
[0.5956432819366455]
[0.4392419755458832]
[1.3401689529418945]
[0.035359494388103485]
[0.0477607287466526]
[0.057363152503967285]
[0.02880123071372509]
[0.20539447665214539]
[0.008651213720440865]
[0.7228478789329529]
[0.4077017903327942]
[0.03987547755241394]
[0.025122985243797302]
[23.27649688720703]
[0.21563374996185303]
[0.08558737486600876]
[0.013392400927841663]
[0.09172254800796509]
[0.29329752922058105]
[0.6693780422210693]
[0.021943341940641403]
[1.7384021282196045]
[1.0292047262191772]
[0.01258636824786663]
[0.34463948011398315]
[0.01364881545305252]
[0.05336210876703262]
[0.1396716982126236]
[0.023939067497849464]
[0.8933448791503906]
[0.08597148954868317]
[0.05631326138973236]
[0.7841187119483948]
[0.008222062140703201]
[0.048308905214071274]
[0.05631376430392265]
[0.062290120869874954]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.011676312424242496]
[0.4379097819328308]
[0.2126704752445221]
[0.3801490068435669]
[0.222712904214859]
[0.5025631189346313]
[0.05795703083276749]
[0.04683126509189606]
[0.039088014513254166]
[0.33298686146736145]
[0.05092242360115051]
[0.2009032666683197]
[0.06717664003372192]
[0.5569956302642822]
[1.024175763130188]
[0.1269524246454239]
[0.06781462579965591]
[0.06267979741096497]
[0.31076228618621826]
[0.28924649953842163]
[0.08916882425546646]
[0.7948156595230103]
[0.019834693521261215]
[0.7143377065658569]
[0.27086707949638367]
[0.04835982620716095]
[0.040047284215688705]
[0.04279706999659538]
[0.21918125450611115]
[0.688865602016449]
[0.7154701948165894]
[0.011399312876164913]
[1.2527273893356323]
[0.04967491328716278]
[2786.640625]
[0.020321523770689964]
[0.10669773817062378]
[0.40630367398262024]
[0.04558788239955902]
[0.41521403193473816]
[0.3139509856700897]
[0.7956722378730774]
[14.438272476196289]
[0.25142455101013184]
[0.010631387121975422]
[0.03145720064640045]
[0.0612628236413002]
[0.08417225629091263]
[1.6695637702941895]
[0.41273266077041626]
[0.5216542482376099]
[0.0434599407017231]
[0.021172747015953064]
[34.44198226928711]
[0.1615227311849594]
[0.08589377254247665]
[0.5835578441619873]
[1.8838200569152832]
[0.022300977259874344]
[0.10374751687049866]
[0.011225150898098946]
[1.584078311920166]
[0.12537631392478943]
[0.13410314917564392]
[0.0941409096121788]
[0.5697153210639954]
[8.636031150817871]
[0.04730038717389107]
[0.010303152725100517]
[0.13329365849494934]
[0.7645936608314514]
[3.562620162963867]
[0.2622362971305847]
[0.12322267889976501]
[0.5164806842803955]
[0.014237848110496998]
[0.11102993786334991]
[0.16269436478614807]
[0.19520696997642517]
[0.647258996963501]
[0.03447401151061058]
[0.34883812069892883]
[3.032174587249756]
[0.1046152412891388]
[0.07640357315540314]
[0.23276327550411224]
[0.0919928103685379]
[0.31655746698379517]
[65.64875793457031]
[0.4763924479484558]
[55.162139892578125]
[0.01187841035425663]
[0.005837786011397839]
[0.055958498269319534]
[0.03857380896806717]
[0.19676154851913452]
[0.45607566833496094]
[0.025930674746632576]
[0.0946047306060791]
[0.02561594732105732]
[0.35639363527297974]
[0.17267799377441406]
[0.38502418994903564]
[0.04720228165388107]
[0.5300679206848145]
[0.37790217995643616]
[0.07059823721647263]
[0.21690738201141357]
[0.20988819003105164]
[0.17603187263011932]
[12.584930419921875]
[0.06471841037273407]
[61.31156921386719]
[0.0209827683866024]
[0.037072185426950455]
[1.5832325220108032]
[0.2600659728050232]
[1.1898484230041504]
[0.034590546041727066]
[1.4056624174118042]
[0.821765661239624]
[0.1080894023180008]
[0.13052958250045776]
[0.40522366762161255]
[1.135038137435913]
[0.035644907504320145]
[0.0785801112651825]
[0.5329028964042664]
[2.6205923557281494]
[0.7023190259933472]
[0.18284659087657928]
[0.16413897275924683]
[0.047435760498046875]
[3.453390121459961]
[0.3153565526008606]
[0.2245626449584961]
[2.9682435989379883]
[0.1733384132385254]
[32.0579719543457]
[0.7104186415672302]
[0.027945520356297493]
[0.08290433883666992]
[0.4891108274459839]
[3.3527145385742188]
[0.028254859149456024]
[0.0880175307393074]
[5.442104339599609]
[0.05240081623196602]
[0.034475184977054596]
[0.0400908999145031]
[0.03060733713209629]
[0.012716779485344887]
[0.22659634053707123]
[0.006121073849499226]
[0.013233628123998642]
[0.08848842978477478]
[0.2526967227458954]
[22.845972061157227]
[4.789196014404297]
[0.3730730414390564]
[15.803343772888184]
[0.30301228165626526]
[0.015613165684044361]
[2.151559591293335]
[0.06969105452299118]
[0.10710527747869492]
[0.35747334361076355]
[0.07190780341625214]
[0.2712176740169525]
[0.09126339852809906]
[0.17819257080554962]
[0.01864640600979328]
[0.07138833403587341]
[0.12565991282463074]
[1.0922155380249023]
[0.1252424269914627]
[0.21316786110401154]
[0.03332209587097168]
[46.0149040222168]
[0.18137702345848083]
[0.04079874977469444]
[0.02006119303405285]
[0.04885675758123398]
[0.41041356325149536]
[0.2308373600244522]
[0.18364736437797546]
[0.07561811804771423]
[1.5448670387268066]
[0.11453614383935928]
[0.10801880061626434]
[0.4414850175380707]
[0.08670586347579956]
[0.344603031873703]
[0.6728466153144836]
[0.03453424572944641]
[19.243043899536133]
[0.08865971863269806]
[0.06130528822541237]
[0.08881675451993942]
[0.08937642723321915]
[0.29431912302970886]
[0.24455063045024872]
[0.1033385694026947]
[0.012772900052368641]
[27.168344497680664]
[0.4100547134876251]
[0.622959315776825]
[0.15787608921527863]
[0.27574458718299866]
[0.6907575130462646]
[0.022754333913326263]
[65.79414367675781]
[0.08412884920835495]
[0.04540892690420151]
[0.060148097574710846]
[0.30744779109954834]
[1.5019949674606323]
[0.06667030602693558]
[0.20885148644447327]
[0.14995576441287994]
[56.115081787109375]
[0.1520155370235443]
[0.01801474764943123]
[0.416614294052124]
[0.15428338944911957]
[0.027162550017237663]
[0.1443910002708435]
[0.020080287009477615]
[0.12142517417669296]
[0.5537412166595459]
[0.028022997081279755]
[1.053893804550171]
[3.475865125656128]
[0.03446348384022713]
[0.06891480833292007]
[0.673401415348053]
[1.0324407815933228]
[0.17796014249324799]
[0.0996229276061058]
[0.1415778249502182]
[0.2749852240085602]
[0.36797526478767395]
[0.19665664434432983]
[0.02398698963224888]
[0.07319600880146027]
[0.02403179369866848]
[1.0462470054626465]
[0.6282615065574646]
[0.09624096751213074]
[0.017329564318060875]
[0.03266926854848862]
[0.07225297391414642]
[0.5659115314483643]
[0.08801141381263733]
[0.03577164560556412]
[0.018766865134239197]
[0.03790067136287689]
[0.06696455925703049]
[0.016456568613648415]
[0.04669177904725075]
[0.02136361040174961]
[0.03423963114619255]
[0.0623442567884922]
[0.04445159062743187]
[0.041897665709257126]
[0.04944993183016777]
[0.05375172942876816]
[0.019835492596030235]
[0.10187321901321411]
[0.018188197165727615]
[2.600405216217041]
[0.7588567137718201]
[0.08381861448287964]
[0.08157408982515335]
[0.23563247919082642]
[0.454824835062027]
[0.01868036948144436]
[0.025227028876543045]
[0.18097497522830963]
[0.07814957201480865]
[0.32509833574295044]
[0.11241091787815094]
[0.04841786250472069]
[0.07196450978517532]
[0.1483507752418518]
[0.16589486598968506]
[0.10891859978437424]
[0.04144340381026268]
[0.07031690329313278]
[0.053824812173843384]
[2.3560867309570312]
[2.673006296157837]
[0.06250797212123871]
[0.3913848400115967]
[3.2551162242889404]
[0.3403851389884949]
[2.9731645584106445]
[1.8641530275344849]
[0.5209777355194092]
[0.3170860707759857]
[0.011884632520377636]
[0.025339065119624138]
[0.029646312817931175]
[0.011723632924258709]
[0.1332760900259018]
[0.010241912677884102]
[4.375977993011475]
[0.13294461369514465]
[0.04650058224797249]
[0.017087005078792572]
[0.0835651084780693]
[0.06013375148177147]
[0.018863944336771965]
[1.068129301071167]
[0.07732850313186646]
[0.044550150632858276]
[0.999930202960968]
[0.05833420157432556]
[0.8731086254119873]
[0.08222838491201401]
[0.042140327394008636]
[0.025213681161403656]
[0.08246132731437683]
[0.04684000834822655]
[0.12478630244731903]
[0.04256949573755264]
[0.010744736529886723]
[9.530319213867188]
[0.7313012480735779]
[0.49471336603164673]
[0.8067249059677124]
[0.03629816323518753]
[0.3251853287220001]
[2.4830358028411865]
[0.14201965928077698]
[0.006854638457298279]
[0.16975137591362]
[0.06562241911888123]
[0.011815114878118038]
[0.040216218680143356]
[0.05502794310450554]
[0.051396675407886505]
[0.04186920076608658]
[0.08526267856359482]
[0.031190335750579834]
[2.0721583366394043]
[0.1858956515789032]
[0.41965195536613464]
[0.02729571796953678]
[0.02424822561442852]
[0.02023325115442276]
[0.022236434742808342]
[0.44693833589553833]
[0.03777598217129707]
[0.13095276057720184]
[0.015564347617328167]
[0.666330873966217]
[0.015595901757478714]
[0.03215649351477623]
[0.013950799591839314]
[0.038284581154584885]
[0.08420940488576889]
[0.6979678869247437]
[0.17263440787792206]
[1.041439175605774]
[0.09486374258995056]
[0.06218840181827545]
[0.014630310237407684]
[0.0102710435166955]
[0.02323036827147007]
[0.07429947704076767]
[0.01135263778269291]
[1.3228759765625]
[0.032058343291282654]
[0.011867161840200424]
[0.05143623799085617]
[0.10449586063623428]
[0.9916284680366516]
[0.031269121915102005]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.5552884936332703]
[0.05449368432164192]
[3.4284844398498535]
[0.03431897237896919]
[0.17807644605636597]
[0.03141533210873604]
[0.013991381973028183]
[0.03908698633313179]
[0.19745570421218872]
[0.029834114015102386]
[0.040904294699430466]
[0.36669299006462097]
[0.03173708915710449]
[0.02259894087910652]
[0.6435797214508057]
[0.09663158655166626]
[0.0529315322637558]
[0.0527944415807724]
[0.06618302315473557]
[0.029368672519922256]
[0.8319491744041443]
[0.02019134908914566]
[0.048992548137903214]
[0.017507057636976242]
[0.024129243567585945]
[0.05664058029651642]
[0.06319711357355118]
[0.027736179530620575]
[0.05141374468803406]
[0.024099266156554222]
[0.013630248606204987]
[0.3155210316181183]
[0.08412887901067734]
[0.12070556730031967]
[0.033160965889692307]
[0.22871126234531403]
[0.02717854455113411]
[0.17805063724517822]
[0.04172568395733833]
[0.015341520309448242]
[0.05641844868659973]
[2.045642614364624]
[0.03069515898823738]
[0.03563248738646507]
[0.8534371852874756]
[0.05580462887883186]
[0.022333819419145584]
[0.025332262739539146]
[0.016207681968808174]
[0.07585562020540237]
[1.7241634130477905]
[0.38610830903053284]
[0.014779423363506794]
[0.3666684031486511]
[0.012248230166733265]
[1.6724960803985596]
[0.043940965086221695]
[0.04021125286817551]
[0.043604880571365356]
[0.03174933046102524]
[0.29918310046195984]
[0.041879843920469284]
[0.2287823110818863]
[0.02657453715801239]
[0.6716758608818054]
[0.32158878445625305]
[0.02627568505704403]
[0.05257431045174599]
[0.024968106299638748]
[0.18651950359344482]
[0.034215036779642105]
[0.3603397011756897]
[0.02178213559091091]
[0.32014191150665283]
[0.07290708273649216]
[0.015941137447953224]
[0.654646098613739]
[0.021002158522605896]
[0.017757052555680275]
[0.017012260854244232]
[0.06289851665496826]
[0.043042030185461044]
[0.010367069393396378]
[1.791892409324646]
[0.02200983837246895]
[0.10848161578178406]
[0.04576275497674942]
[5.564490795135498]
[0.22018226981163025]
[0.3465868830680847]
[0.0913098156452179]
[0.8634482026100159]
[0.22042281925678253]
[4.016472339630127]
[0.06518729031085968]
[0.030870037153363228]
[0.1332574486732483]
[0.17998023331165314]
[1.1578254699707031]
[0.010508316569030285]
[0.17663894593715668]
[43.70781326293945]
[1.1011221408843994]
[0.471800297498703]
[0.027502696961164474]
[0.029934022575616837]
[0.01889120787382126]
[1.7922722101211548]
[0.034153882414102554]
[0.16852596402168274]
[0.04296548292040825]
[0.012297124601900578]
[16.726516723632812]
[0.051792211830616]
[0.15866678953170776]
[2.0044515132904053]
[0.008124688640236855]
[0.2801818549633026]
[0.029675958678126335]
[0.16343370079994202]
[0.024781642481684685]
[0.008494967594742775]
[0.010412987321615219]
[0.647860586643219]
[0.03514717146754265]
[0.2668664753437042]
[0.021898595616221428]
[0.02344939298927784]
[0.3414890170097351]
[0.02314767986536026]
[0.031866952776908875]
[0.042604073882102966]
[0.025471339002251625]
[0.01411098800599575]
[0.08475235104560852]
[0.02328186109662056]
[0.018945317715406418]
[0.014734853059053421]
[0.14623670279979706]
[1.270361304283142]
[0.44451889395713806]
[0.0306094978004694]
[0.017180291935801506]
[0.1284705102443695]
[0.3024931252002716]
[0.03066910244524479]
[0.02221178449690342]
[0.019724296405911446]
[0.02850239723920822]
[0.02998621203005314]
[0.07336107641458511]
[0.04879787564277649]
[0.03360339626669884]
[0.04210429638624191]
[0.018290497362613678]
[0.03627271577715874]
[0.16111353039741516]
[0.18851333856582642]
[0.013274862430989742]
[0.011777831241488457]
[0.017366642132401466]
[0.013340053148567677]
[0.329191654920578]
[0.01820322684943676]
[0.007764957379549742]
[0.023173505440354347]
[0.37026509642601013]
[0.3609476089477539]
[0.017782039940357208]
[0.44070038199424744]
[0.00954387430101633]
[0.04709425941109657]
[0.367878258228302]
[0.06541486829519272]
[0.04534474015235901]
[0.026438917964696884]
[0.05560687184333801]
[0.01948748715221882]
[0.09204128384590149]
[0.09304022043943405]
[1.1665315628051758]
[0.06376694142818451]
[0.013045388273894787]
[0.0258561372756958]
[0.025860769674181938]
[0.009773924015462399]
[0.1840379536151886]
[1.0760068893432617]
[0.5770494937896729]
[0.19980543851852417]
[0.401816725730896]
[0.8816508650779724]
[0.09900715202093124]
[0.026906657963991165]
[0.029338695108890533]
[0.08939048647880554]
[0.010251807980239391]
[0.31250718235969543]
[0.008900325745344162]
[0.02276402898132801]
[0.43594881892204285]
[0.05053023248910904]
[0.030796555802226067]
[0.35487183928489685]
[0.04766768962144852]
[0.15546861290931702]
[0.44397079944610596]
[0.026360994204878807]
[0.5625138878822327]
[0.12368059158325195]
[0.2681542932987213]
[0.1645819991827011]
[0.01830272749066353]
[0.010425771586596966]
[0.020982902497053146]
[0.2595549523830414]
[0.010259635746479034]
[0.014953667297959328]
[0.02570076659321785]
[0.010114028118550777]
[0.01576586253941059]
[0.47177666425704956]
[0.058631714433431625]
[0.03920258209109306]
[0.025715434923768044]
[0.05063194781541824]
[0.013213149271905422]
[0.04980066418647766]
[0.08757492154836655]
[0.5590097904205322]
[0.2973257303237915]
[0.039077598601579666]
[0.011788890697062016]
[0.17308677732944489]
[11.841164588928223]
[0.1856745183467865]
[0.1518951952457428]
[0.02882278524339199]
[0.26236647367477417]
[0.04750806465744972]
[0.3498840034008026]
[0.0358906164765358]
[0.05569635331630707]
[0.7155314087867737]
[0.04702169448137283]
[3.3843889236450195]
[0.35775288939476013]
[0.08163260668516159]
[0.1233326643705368]
[0.02037702314555645]
[0.09287664294242859]
[0.032018307596445084]
[0.030753040686249733]
[0.009082728065550327]
[0.05160502344369888]
[0.030282478779554367]
[0.044303007423877716]
[0.00988855678588152]
[0.03169092535972595]
[0.013048460707068443]
[0.4777108430862427]
[244.3589630126953]
[0.21542683243751526]
[0.032309647649526596]
[1.5765752792358398]
[0.47870293259620667]
[0.011154720559716225]
[0.021151859313249588]
[0.03790433704853058]
[0.017345642670989037]
[0.0467158704996109]
[0.04570717737078667]
[0.05288657173514366]
[0.024015000090003014]
[0.019119244068861008]
[0.07373446226119995]
[0.01941799744963646]
[0.029488660395145416]
[0.035996876657009125]
[0.4069591760635376]
[1.6775596141815186]
[0.06466067582368851]
[0.07430258393287659]
[0.034097958356142044]
[0.0058265505358576775]
[0.04247947782278061]
[0.05294962227344513]
[0.059369441121816635]
[0.04088149219751358]
[0.05387552082538605]
[0.11561423540115356]
[0.42009344696998596]
[0.03336174041032791]
[18.617599487304688]
[0.03221443295478821]
[0.05563293769955635]
[1.008642315864563]
[0.17431041598320007]
[0.023884175345301628]
[0.02982333116233349]
[0.02373969741165638]
[0.08962556719779968]
[0.07526260614395142]
[0.015472042374312878]
[0.46273672580718994]
[0.042685918509960175]
[0.039183031767606735]
[0.12029948830604553]
[0.01148397196084261]
[0.028332846239209175]
[0.08052241057157516]
[0.01196956168860197]
[0.06578636914491653]
[0.01944129914045334]
[0.10092610120773315]
[0.08415014296770096]
[0.010425238870084286]
[0.40522265434265137]
[0.01255983579903841]
[1.4348031282424927]
[0.02083374746143818]
[0.010007700882852077]
[0.024714918807148933]
[0.11178552359342575]
[0.03547501191496849]
[0.22323371469974518]
[0.14317777752876282]
[0.05785924568772316]
[0.020467326045036316]
[0.08255808800458908]
[1.722601294517517]
[0.08435402065515518]
[0.15983667969703674]
[0.2247893512248993]
[0.04608702287077904]
[0.6039636731147766]
[0.010441583581268787]
[0.03411729261279106]
[0.022021222859621048]
[0.5633689761161804]
[0.029820365831255913]
[0.024733366444706917]
[0.020625362172722816]
[0.03027907758951187]
[0.4273011386394501]
[0.46357250213623047]
[0.553240954875946]
[0.29176047444343567]
[14.16735553741455]
[0.04344845935702324]
[0.01830313354730606]
[0.035785090178251266]
[0.06207602471113205]
[0.02805464342236519]
[0.01892896182835102]
[2.5601930618286133]
[0.017011504620313644]
[0.7352300882339478]
[0.34151047468185425]
[0.029204299673438072]
[0.046383123844861984]
[0.007810287643224001]
[1735.4307861328125]
[0.6917290687561035]
[0.695716142654419]
[0.08148748427629471]
[0.06223659589886665]
[0.2553492784500122]
[0.21781308948993683]
[0.16300758719444275]
[0.3858492970466614]
[3.6441593170166016]
[0.09140148013830185]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created

[0.07910208404064178]
[104.71414184570312]
[0.4939603805541992]
[0.01814824342727661]
[0.07508628815412521]
[0.053504619747400284]
[0.04469098523259163]
[0.05135545879602432]
[0.034161146730184555]
[0.4613746702671051]
[0.07221958041191101]
[0.26936405897140503]
[22.149925231933594]
[0.014988051727414131]
[0.07930927723646164]
[0.1190616637468338]
[0.01514208223670721]
[0.401559054851532]
[0.1931641697883606]
[0.15034550428390503]
[0.05653207004070282]
[0.2591593861579895]
[0.03533249720931053]
[0.9638593792915344]
[0.9452027082443237]
[0.1047305092215538]
[0.15766938030719757]
[0.08197227120399475]
[0.008459615521132946]
[0.34653544425964355]
[0.020475031808018684]
[0.334267258644104]
[0.05177683383226395]
[0.051292162388563156]
[3.6389217376708984]
[0.06598866730928421]
[0.020645223557949066]
[0.020860210061073303]
[0.981387734413147]
[0.00920597929507494]
[0.11327893286943436]
[0.025875840336084366]
[15.013489723205566]
[0.013468441553413868]
[0.19858141243457794]
[0.04045788198709488]
[0.021991295740008354]
[1.4209102392196655]
[0.5397200584411621]
[0.022856667637825012]
[0.07902730256319046]
[0.07201114296913147]
[0.16680070757865906]
[0.4886857271194458]
[0.3252463638782501]
[0.04118414223194122]
[0.35727542638778687]
[2.1744296550750732]
[0.020916976034641266]
[0.30663469433784485]
[0.02840161882340908]
[0.050989676266908646]
[0.04296600818634033]
[0.02783890999853611]
[0.2786358892917633]
[0.03873175382614136]
[0.08547458797693253]
[0.5336945652961731]
[0.10015521943569183]
[0.047178372740745544]
[0.03828977048397064]
[0.5726234316825867]
[0.008272741921246052]
[0.022964496165513992]
[0.028333015739917755]
[1.22603178024292]
[0.00829333160072565]
[0.03141612187027931]
[0.016241978853940964]
[0.12410841882228851]
[0.014939210377633572]
[0.014578307047486305]
[0.08351263403892517]
[0.007393644656985998]
[0.41147127747535706]
[0.03212771564722061]
[0.043349284678697586]
[0.0329975001513958]
[0.2707240879535675]
[0.022755803540349007]
[0.012375371530652046]
[0.008401501923799515]
[0.031184537336230278]
[1.1258403062820435]
[0.025110505521297455]
[0.007126172073185444]
[0.0304111260920763]
[0.11068739742040634]
[0.03684757649898529]
[0.646016538143158]
[0.029592759907245636]
[6.637770175933838]
[0.018012849614024162]
[0.07249715924263]
[24.389965057373047]
[0.009921315126121044]
[0.04086069017648697]
[0.02516610361635685]
[0.022602185606956482]
[0.0631641075015068]
[0.599362850189209]
[0.029289789497852325]
[0.0389021597802639]
[0.1741563230752945]
[0.10396276414394379]
[0.00748658599331975]
[0.30253028869628906]
[0.40139663219451904]
[0.03458800166845322]
[0.2297716736793518]
[0.02640550211071968]
[0.33619630336761475]
[0.01294711697846651]
[0.07488532364368439]
[0.020678505301475525]
[0.15771746635437012]
[0.11288156360387802]
[0.1245393380522728]
[2.327368974685669]
[0.26471811532974243]
[0.07277035713195801]
[0.010253924876451492]
[0.015691475942730904]
[0.03736717998981476]
[0.09069643914699554]
[0.4346003234386444]
[0.43833306431770325]
[0.13535098731517792]
[0.029377494007349014]
[0.013972369022667408]
[0.040132228285074234]
[0.07728108763694763]
[0.1162111759185791]
[0.03641166538000107]
[0.3625946342945099]
[0.04152769595384598]
[0.07230551540851593]
[0.00806023832410574]
[0.3144325017929077]
[0.0915973111987114]
[0.013153965584933758]
[0.07294463366270065]
[50.1455192565918]
[0.0366944894194603]
[0.03623552247881889]
[0.031966157257556915]
[0.03687305375933647]
[0.04119236767292023]
[0.5586752891540527]
[0.05955440178513527]
[0.107958123087883]
[0.007475508842617273]
[0.01365088950842619]
[0.0525444932281971]
[0.8836891651153564]
[1.162856101989746]
[0.007562566548585892]
[0.8727776408195496]
[0.28181949257850647]
[0.32578304409980774]
[0.16617847979068756]
[0.5773345828056335]
[0.1684712916612625]
[0.39053875207901]
[0.3020663857460022]
[5.004885196685791]
[0.013869350776076317]
[5.843585968017578]
[32.34457015991211]
[16.319786071777344]
[0.2632960379123688]
[0.15858706831932068]
[0.09749725461006165]
[0.5227816104888916]
[0.33820435404777527]
[0.07155685126781464]
[0.39398762583732605]
[0.007151351775974035]
[0.008551094681024551]
[8.861740112304688]
[0.031074361875653267]
[0.28700995445251465]
[0.0628381222486496]
[0.0244904812425375]
[0.7822846174240112]
[0.008425372652709484]
[0.021971438080072403]
[0.017299653962254524]
[0.017643891274929047]
[2.3892831802368164]
[0.20621812343597412]
[0.011583410203456879]
[0.29967159032821655]
[0.1012907400727272]
[0.032604895532131195]
[0.01744682900607586]
[0.298039048910141]
[0.2065063863992691]
[0.19683343172073364]
[0.027062969282269478]
[0.19172656536102295]
[0.03787897899746895]
[0.04088345542550087]
[0.0426887609064579]
[0.3897153437137604]
[0.31899723410606384]
[0.11793488264083862]
[13.147732734680176]
[0.12915143370628357]
[0.07601505517959595]
[0.01836561970412731]
[0.1387583315372467]
[0.042330287396907806]
[0.6819661855697632]
[0.036988265812397]
[0.027770938351750374]
[0.013485870324075222]
[0.02707131952047348]
[1.7856367826461792]
[0.009181713685393333]
[0.07212303578853607]
[0.039601780474185944]
[0.009444440715014935]
[0.22115366160869598]
[0.3246603012084961]
[0.1584889441728592]
[0.010225493460893631]
[0.3992186486721039]
[0.2724107503890991]
[0.03834111616015434]
[0.4067472219467163]
[0.015682529658079147]
[0.027536997571587563]
[0.26127853989601135]
[0.40564265847206116]
[0.1314457207918167]
[0.015444903634488583]
[0.015384525060653687]
[0.05876985564827919]
[0.5505126118659973]
[0.01775575987994671]
[0.02484712563455105]
[0.008079076185822487]
[0.02632143534719944]
[0.05512416735291481]
[0.020399343222379684]
[0.22434677183628082]
[0.010622617788612843]
[0.017721373587846756]
[0.05375052988529205]
[0.44744178652763367]
[0.4809432327747345]
[0.012230399064719677]
[0.01736263558268547]
[0.491652250289917]
[0.02212543413043022]
[0.4663475751876831]
[0.01187825109809637]
[0.018896672874689102]
[0.3112977147102356]
[0.018274690955877304]
[0.021171793341636658]
[0.04536455497145653]
[0.010629037395119667]
[0.3784770965576172]
[24.104015350341797]
[0.04678533226251602]
[0.037136539816856384]
[0.015443721786141396]
[4.302885055541992]
[0.040597643703222275]
[1.312566876411438]
[0.6380162835121155]
[0.12651647627353668]
[0.2917318642139435]
[1.3588007688522339]
[0.07494490593671799]
[0.040886566042900085]
[0.15737654268741608]
[0.03943156823515892]
[1.3143184185028076]
[0.03380841389298439]
[0.030345430597662926]
[0.06393302232027054]
[0.35432204604148865]
[0.012926907278597355]
[1.9722715616226196]
[0.014655173756182194]
[0.024723507463932037]
[0.05590637028217316]
[0.0488596186041832]
[1.1415636539459229]
[0.1554400771856308]
[0.9428073167800903]
[0.6315065026283264]
[0.730508029460907]
[0.025569627061486244]
[0.019128773361444473]
[0.019791316241025925]
[0.1952686309814453]
[0.02821389026939869]
[0.20982611179351807]
[0.09079442918300629]
[0.06426968425512314]
[0.37225520610809326]
[0.009108499623835087]
[2.2643396854400635]
[0.010268506594002247]
[0.023417718708515167]
[0.08209709823131561]
[0.6287296414375305]
[0.048719506710767746]
[0.027552789077162743]
[0.025418682023882866]
[0.012972346507012844]
[0.07281934469938278]
[0.3838231563568115]
[0.03162631392478943]
[0.06928230077028275]
[1.4182219505310059]
[13.631285667419434]
[0.016040528193116188]
[0.028831684961915016]
[0.07032883912324905]
[0.2790697515010834]
[1.6408871412277222]
[0.018904630094766617]
[0.028912002220749855]
[0.021586205810308456]
[0.050711944699287415]
[0.009919491596519947]
[1.5180402994155884]
[0.008296017535030842]
[30.89069366455078]
[0.026177607476711273]
[1.0211409330368042]
[0.026097724214196205]
[0.020153580233454704]
[0.017673732712864876]
[0.033036768436431885]
[0.43918851017951965]
[0.8039435744285583]
[0.1484675109386444]
[0.030956268310546875]
[0.03657166659832001]
[0.009767618961632252]
[0.0430963933467865]
[0.007822981104254723]
[0.039464615285396576]
[0.41567105054855347]
[0.010159448720514774]
[0.012112222611904144]
[0.03582366183400154]
[0.38092556595802307]
[0.0313226580619812]
[0.2307528555393219]
[0.023309139534831047]
[0.012436960823833942]
[0.015821486711502075]
[0.016383903101086617]
[0.016077853739261627]
[0.00701636029407382]
[0.15178829431533813]
[0.05541281774640083]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.01594117470085621]
[0.009809556417167187]
[0.023441849276423454]
[0.44516322016716003]
[0.4348001480102539]
[0.036296043545007706]
[0.2762402296066284]
[0.023768967017531395]
[0.011110757477581501]
[0.3635095953941345]
[0.009112018160521984]
[0.05044591426849365]
[0.9416540265083313]
[0.05489754304289818]
[5.147589683532715]
[0.09787192195653915]
[0.46445339918136597]
[0.33930572867393494]
[0.062184497714042664]
[0.03740238770842552]
[0.02199549600481987]
[0.026512693613767624]
[0.011011711321771145]
[0.008256267756223679]
[0.018314402550458908]
[0.019971277564764023]
[26.513233184814453]
[0.013865827582776546]
[0.022844288498163223]
[0.030445676296949387]
[0.03392466902732849]
[0.018652843311429024]
[0.03266437351703644]
[0.02350940741598606]
[0.4366688132286072]
[0.03832423314452171]
[0.014423571527004242]
[2.2819137573242188]
[0.2171943038702011]
[0.016925442963838577]
[0.00985452625900507]
[0.01398381032049656]
[0.048784393817186356]
[0.11013074219226837]
[0.4646417200565338]
[0.023756904527544975]
[0.04709291830658913]
[0.011251438409090042]
[0.03272717818617821]
[0.019792022183537483]
[0.013654835522174835]
[0.006523411255329847]
[0.8386584520339966]
[0.8793624043464661]
[0.03792138397693634]
[0.01698569767177105]
[0.06177240237593651]
[0.015150045976042747]
[0.6382384300231934]
[0.011385254561901093]
[0.020050212740898132]
[0.018190259113907814]
[0.02604360319674015]
[0.45812657475471497]
[0.34032490849494934]
[0.03082740306854248]
[0.1840873658657074]
[0.009608658961951733]
[0.00887486431747675]
[0.06274530291557312]
[0.02775399014353752]
[0.26788946986198425]
[0.019149504601955414]
[0.01760832965373993]
[0.025231650099158287]
[0.02646879106760025]
[0.3102654218673706]
[0.06680440157651901]
[0.0067031909711658955]
[0.035255659371614456]
[0.27830302715301514]
[0.3152278959751129]
[0.15000838041305542]
[0.31989586353302]
[0.04384339228272438]
[0.008323329500854015]
[0.044100210070610046]
[0.033942218869924545]
[0.05555086210370064]
[1.0296871662139893]
[0.4004862308502197]
[0.5213958621025085]
[1.2769763469696045]
[0.19709725677967072]
[0.019444597885012627]
[0.007315092254430056]
[0.018890781328082085]
[0.006567198783159256]
[7.163583278656006]
[0.20938996970653534]
[0.02965209074318409]
[0.02970713935792446]
[0.012300645932555199]
[0.030161898583173752]
[0.029432661831378937]
[0.014799266122281551]
[0.513754665851593]
[0.008106363005936146]
[0.04470158740878105]
[0.0326455719769001]
[0.029557570815086365]
[0.019064800813794136]
[0.019377879798412323]
[0.36952483654022217]
[0.02314242161810398]
[0.0443301722407341]
[0.06175171211361885]
[0.06937330961227417]
[0.04394228383898735]
[0.013261440210044384]
[0.019586384296417236]
[0.01625458151102066]
[0.04588788002729416]
[0.008619524538516998]
[0.030654599890112877]
[0.011779342778027058]
[0.006350161973387003]
[0.016792109236121178]
[0.01632360927760601]
[0.018796375021338463]
[0.009052218869328499]
[0.02109304629266262]
[0.018763745203614235]
[0.019786709919571877]
[0.032479703426361084]
[12.887450218200684]
[0.025676678866147995]
[0.11874363571405411]
[0.08319400995969772]
[0.05634921044111252]
[0.042365606874227524]
[8.568387031555176]
[0.437297523021698]
[0.14882075786590576]
[0.06398990750312805]
[0.044308412820100784]
[3.844099760055542]
[0.09314979612827301]
[0.13327153027057648]
[0.44125065207481384]
[0.027622250840067863]
[0.010673723183572292]
[0.2540116310119629]
[0.06495694816112518]
[0.03179539367556572]
[0.012066632509231567]
[0.03218997269868851]
[0.14491331577301025]
[0.025719506666064262]
[0.03188656270503998]
[0.24141445755958557]
[0.02959907054901123]
[1.354459285736084]
[0.01113471481949091]
[0.05414942279458046]
[0.021700868383049965]
[0.007478228770196438]
[0.012824930250644684]
[0.015337423421442509]
[0.04772167280316353]
[0.012698697857558727]
[0.327440083026886]
[0.02839932031929493]
[1.6595125198364258]
[0.3118448853492737]
[3.5797431468963623]
[3.528676748275757]
[1.37105393409729]
[0.007739560212939978]
[0.02261609584093094]
[0.0060941362753510475]
[0.06195575371384621]
[0.07082131505012512]
[0.007535077165812254]
[0.0510944165289402]
[0.017528347671031952]
[0.9906107187271118]
[0.5415346622467041]
[0.32554566860198975]
[13.061917304992676]
[0.2756577730178833]
[0.030351275578141212]
[0.3423486351966858]
[0.011258288286626339]
[0.008583543822169304]
[0.008770531974732876]
[0.18201394379138947]
[0.23260118067264557]
[1.564260721206665]
[0.012176177464425564]
[0.5130396485328674]
[0.004770660772919655]
[0.008214171975851059]
[0.1582433134317398]
[0.013769141398370266]
[0.025578344240784645]
[2.030555009841919]
[5.615078926086426]
[0.018521763384342194]
[0.010625596158206463]
[0.5958802700042725]
[0.021316824480891228]
[0.5146907567977905]
[0.014306148514151573]
[0.06320933997631073]
[0.022243104875087738]
[0.0930759459733963]
[0.009814220480620861]
[0.019150154665112495]
[0.015634503215551376]
[0.025534218177199364]
[0.03825932368636131]
[0.025212816894054413]
[0.42778849601745605]
[0.05170631781220436]
[0.05787608027458191]
[0.300988107919693]
[0.025307703763246536]
[0.3374859690666199]
[0.023076094686985016]
[0.280063271522522]
[0.026358194649219513]
[0.00710209971293807]
[9.085651397705078]
[0.10559406876564026]
[0.4529668390750885]
[0.29016438126564026]
[0.008117537014186382]
[0.007070330437272787]
[0.02130078710615635]
[0.006679806858301163]
[0.29371148347854614]
[0.4619857668876648]
[0.01773047260940075]
[1.7223788499832153]
[0.006475755013525486]
[0.5591459274291992]
[0.027049662545323372]
[0.385471910238266]
[3.659118890762329]
[0.3167947232723236]
[0.028809811919927597]
[0.006824456620961428]
[8.778273582458496]
[0.056364770978689194]
[0.05505507439374924]
[0.20447750389575958]
[0.017158761620521545]
[0.04299798607826233]
[0.9720131754875183]
[0.032521579414606094]
[0.02945593371987343]
[0.008309710770845413]
[0.012648902833461761]
[0.23341681063175201]
[0.0257073026150465]
[0.008004496805369854]
[0.12851472198963165]
[0.09203235805034637]
[0.13698254525661469]
[0.024319374933838844]
[0.29570847749710083]
[0.014865675009787083]
[0.007773582357913256]
[0.0656934306025505]
[0.011684640310704708]
[7.038668155670166]
[0.041231609880924225]
[0.032368630170822144]
[0.01141192764043808]
[0.36970967054367065]
[0.026147451251745224]
[0.07380448281764984]
[0.010599286295473576]
[0.020358281210064888]
[0.007832151837646961]
[0.0582505464553833]
[0.018904630094766617]
[0.013546709902584553]
[0.00766401132568717]
[2.922863245010376]
[0.3051779568195343]
[0.6348671317100525]
[0.022969890385866165]
[0.018178079277276993]
[0.37341633439064026]
[0.017993470653891563]
[0.8870245218276978]
[0.00857736635953188]
[0.026058237999677658]
[0.056025613099336624]
[0.07928479462862015]
[0.00949116237461567]
[0.18661655485630035]
[0.33470457792282104]
[0.7188998460769653]
[0.011866459622979164]
[0.03559912368655205]
[0.03824256360530853]
[0.010019676759839058]
[0.023392658680677414]
[0.026013504713773727]
[0.0743698999285698]
[0.007647114805877209]
[0.011268875561654568]
[0.006967766676098108]
[0.022547699511051178]
[0.020711420103907585]
[0.22634892165660858]
[0.031175246462225914]
[0.7426586151123047]
[0.00823942944407463]
[1.2816386222839355]
[0.03427636995911598]
[0.007637690287083387]
[0.02299543097615242]
[0.014406420290470123]
[0.023722317069768906]
[0.01042555458843708]
[0.008204818703234196]
[0.051715027540922165]
[0.013562124222517014]
[0.009365557692945004]
[0.4400053322315216]
[0.04825620353221893]
[0.02355019561946392]
[0.20738129317760468]
[0.006017331033945084]
[0.01426020823419094]
[0.05698932334780693]
[0.5452472567558289]
[4.4319353103637695]
[0.006553717888891697]
[0.01832639053463936]
[0.023166289553046227]
[0.5480749011039734]
[0.023976171389222145]
[0.10316072404384613]
[0.00818348117172718]
[0.006363787222653627]
[0.010170225985348225]
[0.23508292436599731]
[0.28883612155914307]
[0.02332753874361515]
[0.605840265750885]
[0.07349753379821777]
[0.02703363262116909]
[0.04238579422235489]
[0.04309773072600365]
[0.013688422739505768]
[0.13125298917293549]
[0.04760950058698654]
[0.19215677678585052]
[2.9289441108703613]
[0.28707703948020935]
[0.027478007599711418]
[0.009136013686656952]
[0.008260994218289852]
[0.06836237758398056]
[0.013757565058767796]
[0.020818235352635384]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.01898633874952793]
[0.006104098632931709]
[0.026589887216687202]
[0.0197183508425951]
[0.025515155866742134]
[0.1536371111869812]
[0.02264024317264557]
[0.01588449627161026]
[0.007910016924142838]
[3.8906161785125732]
[0.033242665231227875]
[0.27296769618988037]
[0.014762026257812977]
[0.08926037698984146]
[0.38408783078193665]
[0.06714426726102829]
[0.3643184006214142]
[0.014345373958349228]
[0.45664075016975403]
[0.23398269712924957]
[0.08825280517339706]
[11.430402755737305]
[0.031354665756225586]
[0.011111771687865257]
[0.20261581242084503]
[0.01893475465476513]
[0.015412187203764915]
[0.009472550824284554]
[0.012839560396969318]
[0.02565186470746994]
[0.6542030572891235]
[3.791733741760254]
[0.39694878458976746]
[0.024391252547502518]
[0.11467038840055466]
[0.04505117982625961]
[0.05638866126537323]
[0.2724739909172058]
[0.008223166689276695]
[0.004747666884213686]
[0.37463709712028503]
[0.029663309454917908]
[0.06064147874712944]
[0.13147060573101044]
[0.4456202983856201]
[0.020072411745786667]
[0.020704664289951324]
[0.022087514400482178]
[0.11409391462802887]
[0.006390121765434742]
[0.2824590802192688]
[0.20960691571235657]
[0.04598170146346092]
[0.046400729566812515]
[0.00978140439838171]
[0.023343410342931747]
[0.7660118341445923]
[0.03541083261370659]
[1.2611613273620605]
[0.006477408576756716]
[0.01770126260817051]
[0.18532928824424744]
[0.009889109060168266]
[2.4443318843841553]
[0.022779738530516624]
[0.02751767449080944]
[3.6892025470733643]
[0.01872105337679386]
[0.2692835330963135]
[0.046358123421669006]
[0.02499859593808651]
[0.2672038972377777]
[0.0036525533068925142]
[0.03275613486766815]
[0.006187417544424534]
[0.01994553580880165]
[0.034797050058841705]
[0.9098439812660217]
[1.8164094686508179]
[0.33613261580467224]
[0.013685784302651882]
[0.0213360246270895]
[0.03803017735481262]
[0.018205635249614716]
[0.006394516211003065]
[0.016365278512239456]
[0.05847442150115967]
[0.027185507118701935]
[0.35240012407302856]
[0.08422213792800903]
[0.02582399919629097]
[0.039122890681028366]
[0.8372462391853333]
[0.006535431370139122]
[0.8046844005584717]
[0.012146693654358387]
[0.010398918762803078]
[0.01703442633152008]
[0.007607981562614441]
[2.3089842796325684]
[0.017579717561602592]
[0.0614585354924202]
[0.1927357167005539]
[0.04412194341421127]
[0.06261757761240005]
[0.019089331850409508]
[0.02886977419257164]
[0.1250586360692978]
[0.022682154551148415]
[0.03565149009227753]
[0.0076557244174182415]
[0.06491900980472565]
[0.003848921973258257]
[0.7478518486022949]
[0.40190738439559937]
[0.2808495759963989]
[0.011165044270455837]
[0.027125509455800056]
[0.06789099425077438]
[0.013129486702382565]
[0.5290952324867249]
[0.007334222085773945]
[0.00598985655233264]
[22.093914031982422]
[0.007231124676764011]
[0.18761880695819855]
[0.0062466878443956375]
[0.016637207940220833]
[0.012054601684212685]
[0.27944204211235046]
[1.3181471824645996]
[0.01282376330345869]
[0.007262866012752056]
[0.01900181919336319]
[0.27443477511405945]
[11.607254981994629]
[0.01837334595620632]
[0.023647956550121307]
[0.04736688733100891]
[0.04875253140926361]
[0.01626269519329071]
[0.026171796023845673]
[2.608248710632324]
[0.011796470731496811]
[0.01682555116713047]
[0.024983463808894157]
[0.025089891627430916]
[0.5804888606071472]
[0.01581563986837864]
[0.09974880516529083]
[0.017901889979839325]
[0.05682239681482315]
[0.05352510139346123]
[0.286445677280426]
[0.015874633565545082]
[0.15701709687709808]
[0.13491138815879822]
[0.021697642281651497]
[0.04735787212848663]
[0.23618820309638977]
[0.007744256407022476]
[0.05424315854907036]
[0.011593572795391083]
[0.01847992092370987]
[0.05341232195496559]
[0.26159608364105225]
[0.5197325348854065]
[0.009101570583879948]
[0.01325471606105566]
[0.31527313590049744]
[0.02266666851937771]
[0.03908870369195938]
[0.25623494386672974]
[0.02342553623020649]
[0.04200144112110138]
[0.019713325425982475]
[0.011837247759103775]
[0.014123748987913132]
[11.662811279296875]
[0.015193426981568336]
[0.012146673165261745]
[6.6508355140686035]
[0.025652775540947914]
[0.05086008459329605]
[0.29036810994148254]
[0.4049455225467682]
[0.050436899065971375]
[0.014812839217483997]
[0.019139355048537254]
[0.06478692591190338]
[0.129322350025177]
[0.057415999472141266]
[10.15054702758789]
[0.016245989128947258]
[0.009576087817549706]
[0.017733192071318626]
[0.005690146237611771]
[0.5225042700767517]
[0.5200839638710022]
[0.22071796655654907]
[0.015827445313334465]
[0.025239938870072365]
[0.020923402160406113]
[0.024606099352240562]
[0.11515354365110397]
[0.021468276157975197]
[11.687250137329102]
[3.144618272781372]
[0.3636815547943115]
[0.3990791440010071]
[0.24927473068237305]
[1.1018242835998535]
[0.051869139075279236]
[0.01508010271936655]
[0.008183387108147144]
[0.009283587336540222]
[0.007985497824847698]
[0.1550956666469574]
[0.32791459560394287]
[0.009928508661687374]
[0.007772207260131836]
[0.15615448355674744]
[0.007736475672572851]
[0.018165109679102898]
[0.02485482208430767]
[0.011070800945162773]
[0.019852744415402412]
[0.028720952570438385]
[0.018146885558962822]
[0.012981139123439789]
[0.6311913132667542]
[0.00593635905534029]
[0.014126861467957497]
[0.024112701416015625]
[0.04928107187151909]
[0.01842997409403324]
[0.012420940212905407]
[0.12364102154970169]
[0.04366948455572128]
[0.0076089901849627495]
[0.024785401299595833]
[0.00758375646546483]
[0.1420104205608368]
[1.0007187128067017]
[0.021596970036625862]
[0.008396483957767487]
[0.010485741309821606]
[0.03529440239071846]
[0.20358151197433472]
[0.012616103515028954]
[0.01399284042418003]
[0.2231394201517105]
[0.3341418504714966]
[0.028760051354765892]
[9.345766067504883]
[0.018328484147787094]
[0.02472306787967682]
[0.140103280544281]
[0.6860122680664062]
[0.1004229336977005]
[0.9018410444259644]
[0.01374322734773159]
[3.207282304763794]
[0.06702341139316559]
[0.18469730019569397]
[0.007786586415022612]
[0.04803336784243584]
[0.014159918762743473]
[0.8186669945716858]
[0.004123731050640345]
[0.41228795051574707]
[0.5057486295700073]
[0.014047510921955109]
[0.018757792189717293]
[0.9044906497001648]
[0.041948363184928894]
[0.5914327502250671]
[0.00790613517165184]
[9.714786529541016]
[0.03515300154685974]
[0.010479725897312164]
[0.018852271139621735]
[0.019419828429818153]
[1.50388503074646]
[0.008825371973216534]
[0.008531123399734497]
[0.012722530402243137]
[0.3886205554008484]
[0.27619391679763794]
[0.013218836858868599]
[2.558145761489868]
[3.446091413497925]
[0.027651743963360786]
[0.05968455970287323]
[0.9337026476860046]
[0.03396979346871376]
[0.023762693628668785]
[0.012339780107140541]
[0.12360040843486786]
[0.018458222970366478]
[0.3289128243923187]
[0.060803044587373734]
[0.13902626931667328]
[0.005570093169808388]
[0.8336071968078613]
[0.023782216012477875]
[0.008152943104505539]
[0.012045023031532764]
[0.01699058525264263]
[0.01612178049981594]
[0.571092426776886]
[0.005654607433825731]
[0.45170074701309204]
[3.715740919113159]
[0.0181075781583786]
[0.02130410261452198]
[0.011936293914914131]
[0.07167411595582962]
[0.9968776106834412]
[0.07488348335027695]
[0.2951270341873169]
[0.3993000388145447]
[0.00557542871683836]
[1.110290288925171]
[0.007069805171340704]
[0.05813628062605858]
[0.1494925618171692]
[0.04014505445957184]
[0.017570577561855316]
[0.00811956450343132]
[0.007491122465580702]
[0.015797147527337074]
[0.004632165655493736]
[10.581707000732422]
[0.015144470147788525]
[0.05909854546189308]
[0.005949227139353752]
[17.570093154907227]
[0.08695431053638458]
[0.3058796525001526]
[0.010907134041190147]
[0.019459592178463936]
[0.01136953104287386]
[0.6317657232284546]
[0.4925070106983185]
[0.01978899911046028]
[0.004658595658838749]
[0.042239438742399216]
[0.010155056603252888]
[0.4732946753501892]
[0.04579615965485573]
[0.3855876624584198]
[0.26958122849464417]
[0.010322917252779007]
[0.028821032494306564]
[0.00901772454380989]
[0.027625469490885735]
[0.008274508640170097]
[0.008763601072132587]
[0.012234305962920189]
[0.3682660758495331]
[0.012544065713882446]
[2.1649844646453857]
[0.6162548661231995]
[0.012167216278612614]
[0.024852054193615913]
[0.013800028711557388]
[0.010097223334014416]
[0.14002662897109985]
[659.4190063476562]
[0.018859200179576874]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.5591611862182617]
[0.03449767455458641]
[0.038264691829681396]
[3.2387709617614746]
[0.17562995851039886]
[0.009027247317135334]
[0.3466784954071045]
[0.11628691852092743]
[1.5795166492462158]
[0.579584002494812]
[0.507255494594574]
[0.007383736781775951]
[1.4780857563018799]
[0.03214612230658531]
[0.027651585638523102]
[0.5835974216461182]
[0.15748918056488037]
[3.3682522773742676]
[0.1336224377155304]
[0.007467224728316069]
[0.018216226249933243]
[3.7735064029693604]
[0.20372267067432404]
[0.18274471163749695]
[0.6779829263687134]
[0.0803568959236145]
[0.06861908733844757]
[0.2298995852470398]
[0.006407021079212427]
[0.006151882000267506]
[0.06862350553274155]
[0.008064053021371365]
[0.00572268245741725]
[0.028117861598730087]
[0.11332902312278748]
[0.21863679587841034]
[0.19094796478748322]
[0.01397750899195671]
[0.00844167172908783]
[0.2196315973997116]
[0.1616259217262268]
[0.036223459988832474]
[0.04858088865876198]
[8.663494110107422]
[0.14856672286987305]
[0.21853776276111603]
[239.21412658691406]
[0.012908953242003918]
[0.25658857822418213]
[0.7086586952209473]
[0.18302905559539795]
[0.17518213391304016]
[1.1573563814163208]
[0.04319816082715988]
[0.31880491971969604]
[0.4771081507205963]
[0.1908198744058609]
[1.2705720663070679]
[0.12960810959339142]
[0.07275408506393433]
[1.3080949783325195]
[0.4544805586338043]
[0.04491492733359337]
[2.6247947216033936]
[0.4880389869213104]
[0.26957178115844727]
[1.3244750499725342]
[0.40405282378196716]
[0.5120880603790283]
[0.0826607421040535]
[0.8234594464302063]
[0.09190210700035095]
[0.6026014685630798]
[0.30493977665901184]
[0.2238669991493225]
[2.2317216396331787]
[0.9793421030044556]
[0.1315905749797821]
[0.25291022658348083]
[0.4937233626842499]
[0.07246480137109756]
[0.24624326825141907]
[0.3401585817337036]
[0.06522525101900101]
[0.40908145904541016]
[0.5095549821853638]
[2.6141867637634277]
[0.09825576096773148]
[0.04378543794155121]
[9.579737663269043]
[0.0937189981341362]
[0.02668897621333599]
[0.11567933112382889]
[0.2843148112297058]
[0.2347174882888794]
[0.43435657024383545]
[0.016174089163541794]
[0.08197429031133652]
[0.015506589785218239]
[0.568554699420929]
[0.8182510137557983]
[0.2099774181842804]
[4.148983001708984]
[0.044790808111429214]
[0.3158465325832367]
[0.47387492656707764]
[0.028449365869164467]
[0.006542220711708069]
[0.0857328325510025]
[0.03592477738857269]
[0.0716259777545929]
[0.0417051762342453]
[0.1738429069519043]
[0.04285147041082382]
[1.138735294342041]
[0.05556968227028847]
[0.8233709931373596]
[0.034425683319568634]
[0.8267363905906677]
[0.04588557779788971]
[0.1958884447813034]
[0.3871050179004669]
[0.07699897885322571]
[0.044833723455667496]
[0.24782051146030426]
[0.019980192184448242]
[7.462823867797852]
[0.009126836434006691]
[0.09798440337181091]
[0.2728012800216675]
[0.02602422423660755]
[0.06082102283835411]
[5.564359664916992]
[0.6612132787704468]
[0.10172820836305618]
[0.06773266196250916]
[0.2579307556152344]
[0.038421254605054855]
[0.04711569473147392]
[0.029862448573112488]
[0.02988889068365097]
[0.5247629284858704]
[0.10039975494146347]
[0.01701899990439415]
[0.4000496566295624]
[0.3651912808418274]
[0.05032079666852951]
[0.09229779988527298]
[0.08997614681720734]
[0.01702720858156681]
[0.04098813980817795]
[0.06294266879558563]
[0.05490737780928612]
[0.051366135478019714]
[0.0741850957274437]
[0.020000915974378586]
[0.007775153499096632]
[0.017829028889536858]
[0.07110816240310669]
[0.037009626626968384]
[0.0240902379155159]
[0.033263400197029114]
[0.01697925291955471]
[0.03286481276154518]
[0.1327172815799713]
[0.04669235646724701]
[0.02196543663740158]
[0.5668635368347168]
[0.03450826555490494]
[0.03236357122659683]
[1.0333690643310547]
[1.4844764471054077]
[4.871606826782227]
[0.027442695572972298]
[0.06385611742734909]
[0.09768516570329666]
[0.029568536207079887]
[0.19248275458812714]
[0.10611435025930405]
[0.03063206747174263]
[0.03192539140582085]
[0.04817858338356018]
[0.022633297368884087]
[0.0711740031838417]
[0.06914878636598587]
[0.02472054958343506]
[0.22884272038936615]
[0.06498260796070099]
[0.04118771106004715]
[0.0944194570183754]
[9.888227462768555]
[0.15479613840579987]
[0.06762292981147766]
[0.016385100781917572]
[0.020725267007946968]
[0.030321642756462097]
[0.027011193335056305]
[0.01492268405854702]
[0.0840696319937706]
[0.6064269542694092]
[0.05190277099609375]
[0.9641500115394592]
[0.0075889271683990955]
[0.025118622928857803]
[0.02098657377064228]
[0.01788324862718582]
[0.08866637200117111]
[0.037122562527656555]
[0.04033094272017479]
[0.041180968284606934]
[0.026408726349473]
[0.03155377879738808]
[0.03164021298289299]
[0.0257258340716362]
[0.025632891803979874]
[0.6580187082290649]
[0.01844991371035576]
[0.026066968217492104]
[0.010736004449427128]
[0.4207313656806946]
[0.025677090510725975]
[0.03399154543876648]
[0.02510189078748226]
[0.03653108328580856]
[0.037682585418224335]
[0.012033369392156601]
[0.02521568350493908]
[5.399206638336182]
[1.3471777439117432]
[0.018753252923488617]
[0.06661156564950943]
[0.09863603860139847]
[0.08360235393047333]
[0.037621114403009415]
[0.2310476452112198]
[0.028186535462737083]
[0.961954653263092]
[0.04709048569202423]
[0.5892646908760071]
[12.218331336975098]
[2.4101483821868896]
[0.015424150042235851]
[0.5819216370582581]
[0.03183809667825699]
[0.07067786902189255]
[0.013221156783401966]
[0.08226325362920761]
[0.4805335998535156]
[0.031693942844867706]
[0.033471278846263885]
[0.007027866784483194]
[0.07352759689092636]
[0.0692671686410904]
[0.04011576995253563]
[0.029832715168595314]
[0.02412262000143528]
[0.0326710045337677]
[0.200851172208786]
[0.04119766131043434]
[0.040704961866140366]
[0.030973877757787704]
[0.3471158742904663]
[0.7605478167533875]
[0.2999531924724579]
[0.024699749425053596]
[0.34919318556785583]
[0.09052442759275436]
[1.5680638551712036]
[0.022685935720801353]
[0.2255558967590332]
[0.07375221699476242]
[0.5762603878974915]
[0.009455331601202488]
[0.006214815191924572]
[0.04720328375697136]
[0.06467756628990173]
[0.01929602026939392]
[4.767205715179443]
[0.6542226672172546]
[4.730655670166016]
[0.01686011627316475]
[15.514461517333984]
[0.1226675882935524]
[0.016887325793504715]
[0.40256267786026]
[7.763084888458252]
[0.006557072512805462]
[0.5707974433898926]
[0.03244243189692497]
[0.03129993751645088]
[0.054499201476573944]
[0.012253445573151112]
[0.09077057987451553]
[0.025893259793519974]
[0.02693086862564087]
[0.007605388760566711]
[0.2146487832069397]
[1.0037435293197632]
[0.030058665201067924]
[0.03213886916637421]
[0.015973931178450584]
[0.018096955493092537]
[0.00993378832936287]
[0.026415741071105003]
[0.12164368480443954]
[0.026240605860948563]
[0.014872767962515354]
[0.08463650941848755]
[0.014606463722884655]
[0.15509425103664398]
[0.014303776435554028]
[0.8533751964569092]
[0.17030489444732666]
[0.4777545630931854]
[0.2143542617559433]
[0.014838257804512978]
[0.0071368892677128315]
[0.05917605385184288]
[0.2920219898223877]
[0.0102655328810215]
[0.5483590960502625]
[0.0160998348146677]
[0.04551994428038597]
[0.03904503211379051]
[0.03605755418539047]
[0.21740904450416565]
[0.3792257308959961]
[0.04722301661968231]
[0.023729920387268066]
[0.02882956527173519]
[0.5429679155349731]
[0.047211408615112305]
[0.025125307962298393]
[0.3925333023071289]
[0.011373069137334824]
[0.04265432432293892]
[0.06735915690660477]
[3.3700661659240723]
[0.3644624948501587]
[0.02463139221072197]
[1.8317517042160034]
[0.01782378926873207]
[0.07806093990802765]
[0.15011049807071686]
[0.01700933463871479]
[0.13259008526802063]
[0.028781931847333908]
[0.21650028228759766]
[0.0065834056586027145]
[0.3458566963672638]
[0.018648797646164894]
[0.03895467147231102]
[0.014322780072689056]
[0.07901296764612198]
[0.049131277948617935]
[0.17773571610450745]
[0.12441478669643402]
[0.02926940843462944]
[0.47716641426086426]
[0.4959312379360199]
[0.0196096058934927]
[0.011287434957921505]
[0.08044788986444473]
[0.1921980082988739]
[0.010427326895296574]
[2.357741355895996]
[12.67548942565918]
[0.10936427861452103]
[0.01755346916615963]
[0.8574804067611694]
[0.04184749722480774]
[0.06363227218389511]
[0.02835332229733467]
[0.016173122450709343]
[0.04044681042432785]
[0.032492950558662415]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.036437757313251495]
[0.12981492280960083]
[0.027508258819580078]
[0.027429843321442604]
[0.0284863468259573]
[0.014947885647416115]
[0.013864456675946712]
[0.13674971461296082]
[0.2014860361814499]
[0.23910489678382874]
[0.03858758136630058]
[0.017839647829532623]
[0.037761151790618896]
[0.08273142576217651]
[0.598137378692627]
[0.0814938172698021]
[0.00982003565877676]
[0.01032963301986456]
[0.01656540110707283]
[0.01685761846601963]
[0.21092985570430756]
[0.5440657138824463]
[0.22067923843860626]
[0.02449646219611168]
[0.01585511676967144]
[0.017320407554507256]
[0.016777819022536278]
[0.04376329854130745]
[0.05233403667807579]
[0.045833297073841095]
[0.03730513155460358]
[0.010942889377474785]
[0.03054562769830227]
[0.0315999872982502]
[0.2684188187122345]
[0.24972712993621826]
[2.0081310272216797]
[2.3071484565734863]
[0.029737818986177444]
[0.020169073715806007]
[0.03739635646343231]
[0.016265343874692917]
[0.4237929582595825]
[0.013862553983926773]
[0.03696209564805031]
[0.03293193504214287]
[0.022815585136413574]
[3.418041706085205]
[3.4056501388549805]
[0.015854157507419586]
[0.022349802777171135]
[0.11660920083522797]
[0.057285185903310776]
[0.022359242662787437]
[0.4685201644897461]
[0.018759628757834435]
[0.2885726988315582]
[0.03699684143066406]
[0.026612309738993645]
[0.04242880642414093]
[0.026549208909273148]
[0.10467999428510666]
[0.013692297041416168]
[1.277086853981018]
[0.00667394557967782]
[0.031410347670316696]
[0.032592497766017914]
[0.394018292427063]
[0.12161516398191452]
[0.018748469650745392]
[0.09031679481267929]
[0.031656600534915924]
[0.1185111254453659]
[0.050323862582445145]
[0.49895721673965454]
[0.09194989502429962]
[0.013836268335580826]
[0.8064063191413879]
[0.013079958967864513]
[0.017174674198031425]
[0.06328321248292923]
[0.03245040774345398]
[0.016444772481918335]
[1.8533332347869873]
[0.029034506529569626]
[0.011665322817862034]
[0.5605300664901733]
[0.01637483760714531]
[0.012566671706736088]
[0.01793161779642105]
[0.012242560274899006]
[0.01146269217133522]
[0.02786087989807129]
[0.02064472995698452]
[0.6858588457107544]
[0.1366746723651886]
[0.01074568834155798]
[0.021288396790623665]
[0.03058842197060585]
[0.24434925615787506]
[0.014606675133109093]
[0.5674741864204407]
[0.026427848264575005]
[0.04039386659860611]
[0.05053003132343292]
[0.02069869264960289]
[3.1424453258514404]
[0.01827743835747242]
[0.01091789361089468]
[0.06517055630683899]
[0.020398976281285286]
[0.006431173533201218]
[0.09464719146490097]
[0.030249839648604393]
[0.030035292729735374]
[0.03922886401414871]
[0.08652530610561371]
[2.547497510910034]
[0.5506150722503662]
[0.1003771424293518]
[0.12720678746700287]
[4.382154941558838]
[0.33839261531829834]
[0.021206606179475784]
[0.007794931065291166]
[0.01529266033321619]
[0.028102289885282516]
[0.07209520041942596]
[0.018065016716718674]
[0.4397972524166107]
[0.010410785675048828]
[0.014001164585351944]
[0.3228425085544586]
[0.08951178193092346]
[0.36256304383277893]
[2.626439094543457]
[0.010883512906730175]
[0.5709814429283142]
[0.10689351707696915]
[0.04853670671582222]
[0.017760468646883965]
[0.2997537851333618]
[1.127875804901123]
[0.7855494022369385]
[0.011242259293794632]
[0.011021616868674755]
[0.03383083641529083]
[0.2606976628303528]
[0.17283949255943298]
[1.5417400598526]
[0.02029259130358696]
[0.0366036631166935]
[0.030658148229122162]
[0.01909876987338066]
[0.012014729902148247]
[0.054917216300964355]
[0.11053919047117233]
[0.11595920473337173]
[0.012871934100985527]
[0.021258872002363205]
[0.019946442916989326]
[0.021165678277611732]
[0.32294705510139465]
[0.25641047954559326]
[0.02161446586251259]
[0.0425453819334507]
[0.032930921763181686]
[0.042465995997190475]
[0.19110597670078278]
[0.23566359281539917]
[0.009670611470937729]
[0.009108887054026127]
[0.016741300001740456]
[0.03444070369005203]
[0.45339295268058777]
[0.6593428254127502]
[0.01257145032286644]
[1.9313510656356812]
[0.019616175442934036]
[0.0050038741901516914]
[0.011166627518832684]
[0.03890448808670044]
[0.04005067050457001]
[0.020122550427913666]
[0.010933849960565567]
[0.025268128141760826]
[0.017847483977675438]
[0.31436794996261597]
[0.012837107293307781]
[0.01837196573615074]
[0.02885518968105316]
[5.237092971801758]
[0.03974175080657005]
[0.013738683424890041]
[0.02375645935535431]
[0.019558677449822426]
[0.021936453878879547]
[0.03909824788570404]
[0.011295322328805923]
[0.1327068954706192]
[0.0944385826587677]
[0.010539949871599674]
[0.01837521232664585]
[0.010505791753530502]
[0.14082174003124237]
[0.33221131563186646]
[0.056650225073099136]
[0.03939737752079964]
[0.44733256101608276]
[0.05129126086831093]
[0.23064914345741272]
[0.02712884359061718]
[1.6828575134277344]
[0.8711289167404175]
[0.2356342077255249]
[0.017712604254484177]
[0.06823229044675827]
[0.026960112154483795]
[4.744905471801758]
[0.02326546236872673]
[0.027435023337602615]
[0.041311491280794144]
[0.007903225719928741]
[0.012292846105992794]
[0.1483747810125351]
[0.032814983278512955]
[0.02031923085451126]
[0.31644296646118164]
[0.9551224708557129]
[0.023868059739470482]
[0.025022001937031746]
[0.051463961601257324]
[0.012617274187505245]
[0.009904406033456326]
[0.02036726288497448]
[15.746382713317871]
[0.02120194211602211]
[0.019664788618683815]
[0.8471431136131287]
[0.6673480272293091]
[0.01148644182831049]
[0.025032889097929]
[0.04080827161669731]
[0.04102320969104767]
[0.031040534377098083]
[0.3077440559864044]
[0.01171540841460228]
[0.020995071157813072]
[0.03266496583819389]
[0.016143308952450752]
[1.0264544486999512]
[0.012597768567502499]
[0.4311407506465912]
[0.10171999782323837]
[0.12321846932172775]
[0.004836761858314276]
[0.005495487246662378]
[0.02644437365233898]
[0.029855968430638313]
[0.029896648600697517]
[0.010456391610205173]
[0.036847665905952454]
[0.5845580101013184]
[0.3575039803981781]
[0.0190141424536705]
[0.013918510638177395]
[0.37003812193870544]
[0.011152609251439571]
[0.3424155116081238]
[0.0428415983915329]
[0.02877007983624935]
[0.2909538447856903]
[0.042246390134096146]
[0.5037450194358826]
[0.3066670596599579]
[0.023953912779688835]
[0.27364906668663025]
[0.2573308050632477]
[0.04768827557563782]
[0.014399929903447628]
[0.26065516471862793]
[0.19987839460372925]
[0.06822176277637482]
[0.02141212299466133]
[0.011504891328513622]
[2.195269823074341]
[0.010453776456415653]
[0.015077962540090084]
[0.06540137529373169]
[0.06840237975120544]
[3.8021535873413086]
[0.010335402563214302]
[0.19804783165454865]
[0.09906703978776932]
[0.48796409368515015]
[0.36687663197517395]
[0.30666816234588623]
[0.03998437896370888]
[0.29000920057296753]
[0.07039236277341843]
[0.0099081601947546]
[0.036190442740917206]
[0.03744690492749214]
[0.026098348200321198]
[0.015713654458522797]
[0.11394334584474564]
[3.9779489040374756]
[0.03678873926401138]
[0.07945188879966736]
[0.345452219247818]
[0.015000985935330391]
[0.0569600947201252]
[0.024244509637355804]
[0.28850334882736206]
[0.2676820456981659]
[0.04334067925810814]
[0.018535852432250977]
[1.0286375284194946]
[0.592383861541748]
[0.37494751811027527]
[12.87171745300293]
[0.3849349319934845]
[0.03149889409542084]
[0.025087585672736168]
[1.3011868000030518]
[0.07549881190061569]
[0.011000697501003742]
[0.025671090930700302]
[0.03961469978094101]
[0.01895151473581791]
[0.23457187414169312]
[0.11560545116662979]
[0.021899400278925896]
[0.08723738044500351]
[0.3826743960380554]
[1.814039945602417]
[0.021590175107121468]
[0.3636761009693146]
[0.014638827182352543]
[0.31291472911834717]
[1.9045495986938477]
[0.027606401592493057]
[0.011810150928795338]
[0.014475123956799507]
[0.04927820339798927]
[0.011409593746066093]
[0.05020679906010628]
[0.006850678939372301]
[0.3563234210014343]
[0.4044932425022125]
[0.02146529220044613]
[0.18937206268310547]
[0.062184128910303116]
[0.023292601108551025]
[0.03667284548282623]
[0.021124303340911865]
[0.11597030609846115]
[0.019593311473727226]
[0.01728646084666252]
[0.01109557505697012]
[0.010642658919095993]
[0.018445968627929688]
[0.4541512429714203]
[0.018366418778896332]
[0.018990736454725266]
[0.06356651335954666]
[0.00636360514909029]
[0.06092982739210129]
[0.023563629016280174]
[0.43764373660087585]
[0.24905656278133392]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.2726491093635559]
[0.03651121258735657]
[0.6368319988250732]
[0.0380101278424263]
[0.2892351448535919]
[2.1865782737731934]
[0.015033045783638954]
[0.03776393085718155]
[0.20006616413593292]
[0.015475202351808548]
[2.2882306575775146]
[12.652994155883789]
[0.015790365636348724]
[0.04263100028038025]
[0.12048496305942535]
[0.32955309748649597]
[0.005888039246201515]
[0.06131521239876747]
[0.010963108390569687]
[1.0184268951416016]
[0.018910937011241913]
[0.025869615375995636]
[9.018486022949219]
[1.3678854703903198]
[0.11528477817773819]
[0.38667193055152893]
[0.023241735994815826]
[0.03062540479004383]
[0.9030210375785828]
[0.014235313981771469]
[0.036340802907943726]
[0.43892401456832886]
[0.012362753041088581]
[0.36630743741989136]
[0.016431475058197975]
[0.5029906034469604]
[0.0754319503903389]
[0.03599970415234566]
[0.07396075874567032]
[0.0335942804813385]
[3.5246918201446533]
[0.6161737442016602]
[0.07317763566970825]
[0.352098286151886]
[0.16347558796405792]
[0.0916016697883606]
[0.020613735541701317]
[0.0139458067715168]
[0.09194806963205338]
[0.024745171889662743]
[0.009861196391284466]
[1.2411184310913086]
[0.48301610350608826]
[15.230711936950684]
[0.06513216346502304]
[0.003920937888324261]
[0.18792171776294708]
[0.03141825273633003]
[0.08630579710006714]
[0.033969178795814514]
[0.03500179201364517]
[0.7522022724151611]
[0.4663980007171631]
[1.3122667074203491]
[0.023138975724577904]
[0.06522943824529648]
[0.06699692457914352]
[0.2572741210460663]
[0.03352440893650055]
[0.01202276349067688]
[0.6551851034164429]
[0.4102477729320526]
[2.655956506729126]
[0.023020461201667786]
[0.537722647190094]
[0.017939453944563866]
[0.13956975936889648]
[0.023926468566060066]
[0.6715570092201233]
[0.013620300218462944]
[0.007280054036527872]
[0.018693355843424797]
[0.013785438612103462]
[0.29214558005332947]
[0.010443760082125664]
[0.011612934991717339]
[0.4389897882938385]
[0.06588640809059143]
[0.013714476488530636]
[1.7663673162460327]
[0.3559205234050751]
[0.03373502939939499]
[0.015106345526874065]
[0.01272987574338913]
[0.032467156648635864]
[0.055712275207042694]
[1.9162260293960571]
[0.024877874180674553]
[0.26429346203804016]
[14.247084617614746]
[17.89141273498535]
[0.012943379580974579]
[0.00966039951890707]
[0.7558626532554626]
[0.021285125985741615]
[0.18667781352996826]
[0.009272269904613495]
[0.6700180768966675]
[0.02451413683593273]
[0.14794893562793732]
[0.013287829235196114]
[0.016702216118574142]
[0.02445865608751774]
[0.023388223722577095]
[0.10962299257516861]
[0.014498068951070309]
[0.026823151856660843]
[0.03493933379650116]
[0.015888461843132973]
[0.01909373700618744]
[0.3715440630912781]
[0.008778007701039314]
[0.47173136472702026]
[0.011076118797063828]
[0.008561814203858376]
[0.12522359192371368]
[0.004736865870654583]
[1.3373712301254272]
[0.01817604899406433]
[1.670958399772644]
[0.026728488504886627]
[0.17984801530838013]
[0.011085781268775463]
[0.027182042598724365]
[0.3054894208908081]
[0.04800853133201599]
[1.3815109729766846]
[0.35461416840553284]
[0.019755791872739792]
[0.0247812420129776]
[0.01657189056277275]
[0.029925791546702385]
[0.04290774464607239]
[0.02063136361539364]
[0.04987265542149544]
[0.02191960997879505]
[0.017230242490768433]
[0.023447981104254723]
[0.07154925912618637]
[0.021521994844079018]
[0.01634061522781849]
[0.023132052272558212]
[0.014813026413321495]
[0.014498298056423664]
[0.06819543242454529]
[0.021568400785326958]
[0.035690054297447205]
[0.30559042096138]
[0.4391421973705292]
[0.023226004093885422]
[1.2364808320999146]
[0.27191105484962463]
[0.010910195298492908]
[0.13547977805137634]
[0.007976263761520386]
[0.16611091792583466]
[0.009954175911843777]
[0.07002225518226624]
[0.024962788447737694]
[0.014946114271879196]
[0.018974047154188156]
[0.3312355875968933]
[0.08094438910484314]
[0.9606820940971375]
[0.45536938309669495]
[0.42729347944259644]
[0.013172418810427189]
[0.21910318732261658]
[0.013931560330092907]
[0.2575036287307739]
[0.01855766586959362]
[0.009336926974356174]
[0.018534986302256584]
[0.01125010009855032]
[1.7113308906555176]
[1.991817593574524]
[0.018067510798573494]
[0.017723258584737778]
[0.34121495485305786]
[14.722750663757324]
[0.6343699097633362]
[0.9094778299331665]
[0.019258642569184303]
[0.050711359828710556]
[1.0083067417144775]
[0.05684230849146843]
[0.03183995559811592]
[0.01103139203041792]
[0.013357076793909073]
[0.010114609263837337]
[0.02392529882490635]
[0.2918190658092499]
[0.04072464630007744]
[0.017149807885289192]
[0.04279204457998276]
[0.35928454995155334]
[0.019615452736616135]
[0.04453672841191292]
[0.12165389955043793]
[0.6626840829849243]
[0.2889530658721924]
[0.03176068142056465]
[0.08790738135576248]
[0.022387204691767693]
[0.22379188239574432]
[0.04757164046168327]
[0.030286544933915138]
[0.37877291440963745]
[0.032796815037727356]
[0.2405034899711609]
[0.017179666087031364]
[0.04284374415874481]
[0.013236526399850845]
[0.35837623476982117]
[0.02143414504826069]
[0.4437200129032135]
[0.022766051813960075]
[0.3469253182411194]
[0.02418806590139866]
[1.3897826671600342]
[0.017779679968953133]
[1.3104547262191772]
[0.020396580919623375]
[0.012778875418007374]
[0.05606831610202789]
[0.019573476165533066]
[0.008210977539420128]
[0.012966684065759182]
[0.03917969763278961]
[0.05274391174316406]
[0.013009140267968178]
[0.026636725291609764]
[0.015406470745801926]
[0.3032551109790802]
[0.017240464687347412]
[0.014710153453052044]
[0.010886970907449722]
[0.08201105892658234]
[0.04484843835234642]
[0.015942491590976715]
[0.101436547935009]
[0.47053301334381104]
[0.028245966881513596]
[0.2313215136528015]
[0.0514860600233078]
[0.2519393265247345]
[0.023503638803958893]
[0.024714147672057152]
[0.01304442249238491]
[0.35635730624198914]
[0.2281145602464676]
[0.6626712679862976]
[0.019242480397224426]
[0.01175831537693739]
[0.3432449996471405]
[0.1202903538942337]
[0.14890073239803314]
[0.5883810520172119]
[0.011055847629904747]
[0.01970490999519825]
[0.02375924587249756]
[0.2653316557407379]
[0.013390506617724895]
[0.016196422278881073]
[0.009164744056761265]
[0.007978968322277069]
[0.01307354960590601]
[0.0750780999660492]
[0.011490068398416042]
[0.003962406888604164]
[0.03177420794963837]
[0.03368363156914711]
[0.02334778383374214]
[0.020656516775488853]
[0.02822975628077984]
[4.945737361907959]
[0.3438778221607208]
[0.048117540776729584]
[0.25839561223983765]
[0.019349398091435432]
[0.5266847014427185]
[0.008561478927731514]
[0.0162048302590847]
[0.2928357422351837]
[0.02115883305668831]
[0.12109820544719696]
[0.05380886420607567]
[0.04689747840166092]
[0.27172550559043884]
[0.0066412691958248615]
[0.009396493434906006]
[0.02351529896259308]
[0.5996459126472473]
[0.1779536008834839]
[13.203957557678223]
[0.11653303354978561]
[0.02047831006348133]
[0.024401633068919182]
[0.01802247017621994]
[0.02335091307759285]
[0.06762244552373886]
[10.386954307556152]
[0.020344480872154236]
[0.012778377160429955]
[0.012077588587999344]
[0.02231350913643837]
[0.011773638427257538]
[0.02624586410820484]
[0.02464636042714119]
[0.012185102328658104]
[0.014780032448470592]
[0.17942754924297333]
[0.01629403419792652]
[0.00910975132137537]
[1.1390844583511353]
[0.022848214954137802]
[0.2701696753501892]
[0.03852919489145279]
[0.011340878903865814]
[0.025430506095290184]
[0.01599653996527195]
[10.145367622375488]
[1.1566414833068848]
[0.014594939537346363]
[0.014607043005526066]
[0.023066531866788864]
[0.054333753883838654]
[10.343147277832031]
[5.909031391143799]
[0.37299057841300964]
[0.020958498120307922]
[10.939393043518066]
[0.017394259572029114]
[0.018015805631875992]
[0.010881061665713787]
[0.3061095178127289]
[0.4783116281032562]
[3.1934800148010254]
[0.010156841017305851]
[0.04785557836294174]
[0.013722420670092106]
[0.022643905133008957]
[0.04410130903124809]
[0.006875236053019762]
[0.013456616550683975]
[0.014977422542870045]
[0.026761813089251518]
[4.404350280761719]
[0.009850569069385529]
[0.02116059698164463]
[0.009219039231538773]
[0.01806049793958664]
[0.01643301732838154]
[0.6886407732963562]
[0.03195062652230263]
[0.014884036034345627]
[0.19329002499580383]
[0.021008996292948723]
[0.05993371084332466]
[0.3310767114162445]
[0.011886757798492908]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1099.25048828125]
[0.013696643523871899]
[0.02237509936094284]
[0.014014584012329578]
[0.0152716264128685]
[0.0787821039557457]
[1.1843711137771606]
[0.040761515498161316]
[14.188909530639648]
[0.07892818748950958]
[0.020082857459783554]
[0.1495322287082672]
[0.7566811442375183]
[0.01905067078769207]
[0.029156465083360672]
[0.5767201781272888]
[0.024482252076268196]
[0.016150088980793953]
[0.428349107503891]
[0.6297774910926819]
[0.4281173050403595]
[0.008593772538006306]
[0.4458637237548828]
[13.256760597229004]
[0.0957612693309784]
[0.010578245855867863]
[75.46131134033203]
[0.013493776321411133]
[0.09250888973474503]
[0.03645344823598862]
[0.21580152213573456]
[0.3126770853996277]
[1.0392166376113892]
[39.087791442871094]
[0.08104071021080017]
[0.7649051547050476]
[0.01566089317202568]
[0.02396998181939125]
[0.5693990588188171]
[0.12395244836807251]
[32.45151901245117]
[0.009243222884833813]
[5.340683460235596]
[1.4881923198699951]
[0.04542586952447891]
[2.3969833850860596]
[0.140925332903862]
[0.019707784056663513]
[0.09314363449811935]
[0.013845332898199558]
[0.06651423126459122]
[0.12357696890830994]
[0.05489892512559891]
[0.021814066916704178]
[0.026332702487707138]
[0.5346925854682922]
[1.3185491561889648]
[0.06563470512628555]
[0.4007553458213806]
[0.04173501953482628]
[0.03240086883306503]
[0.023392098024487495]
[0.024610619992017746]
[0.05466757342219353]
[0.13173362612724304]
[1.8489843606948853]
[0.07383783161640167]
[0.047011543065309525]
[0.053523220121860504]
[0.06620186567306519]
[0.6068003177642822]
[0.04916787147521973]
[0.04534318298101425]
[0.5561762452125549]
[0.025507662445306778]
[0.19727911055088043]
[0.09335611015558243]
[1.4478003978729248]
[0.03906036913394928]
[0.7038479447364807]
[0.014873606152832508]
[0.041150230914354324]
[0.010677128098905087]
[0.05641499161720276]
[0.49345019459724426]
[0.0299206655472517]
[0.09387152642011642]
[0.027567878365516663]
[0.7153703570365906]
[1.683967113494873]
[0.026718182489275932]
[0.20880985260009766]
[0.034007951617240906]
[0.7154647707939148]
[0.37973013520240784]
[0.3418411314487457]
[11.700822830200195]
[0.012507056817412376]
[0.012129114009439945]
[0.026252251118421555]
[0.006929182447493076]
[0.050020791590213776]
[0.07365784794092178]
[0.356705904006958]
[0.3099041283130646]
[0.027353672310709953]
[0.043723125010728836]
[0.49537035822868347]
[0.12697270512580872]
[4.905706882476807]
[0.169109046459198]
[0.06557882577180862]
[0.008652460761368275]
[0.35279491543769836]
[11.952164649963379]
[0.6100918650627136]
[0.0443364717066288]
[0.026588715612888336]
[0.014444070868194103]
[0.013794002123177052]
[0.21269573271274567]
[0.02948562055826187]
[1.8778200149536133]
[0.020760666579008102]
[0.020758764818310738]
[0.014858157373964787]
[0.02670660987496376]
[0.07611414045095444]
[0.8354748487472534]
[0.17082180082798004]
[6.208258152008057]
[0.0357087142765522]
[0.01836083084344864]
[0.029921656474471092]
[0.06164560839533806]
[0.027043242007493973]
[0.23089474439620972]
[0.03754458576440811]
[1.07258939743042]
[0.0301214512437582]
[0.012208335101604462]
[0.02299298346042633]
[0.5709302425384521]
[0.028658948838710785]
[0.039521314203739166]
[8.877676963806152]
[0.015283096581697464]
[0.02416144125163555]
[0.011698159389197826]
[0.09473268687725067]
[0.022250697016716003]
[0.2885204255580902]
[0.014746349304914474]
[0.03168419003486633]
[2.2732019424438477]
[0.11038391292095184]
[0.5689691305160522]
[0.7227083444595337]
[0.043091028928756714]
[0.025351926684379578]
[0.014762986451387405]
[0.30455282330513]
[0.006375637836754322]
[0.0132099948823452]
[0.032860368490219116]
[0.055895622819662094]
[0.034812718629837036]
[0.039652012288570404]
[0.34511008858680725]
[0.10164434462785721]
[0.34645766019821167]
[0.5484028458595276]
[0.04800954833626747]
[0.02195550501346588]
[0.3384367823600769]
[0.024936344474554062]
[0.03533186763525009]
[0.12446203082799911]
[2.2359256744384766]
[0.041868988424539566]
[0.0073877666145563126]
[0.018689531832933426]
[0.21993520855903625]
[0.10076257586479187]
[0.07624395936727524]
[0.025100165978074074]
[2.1593995094299316]
[2.673062324523926]
[0.3940257132053375]
[0.14731456339359283]
[0.4292508065700531]
[0.3015718460083008]
[0.36479538679122925]
[0.20048509538173676]
[0.05741620063781738]
[0.4893566966056824]
[0.01590840332210064]
[0.48367953300476074]
[0.011759329587221146]
[0.07091820240020752]
[0.011274606920778751]
[0.034331098198890686]
[0.07919172942638397]
[0.04696759581565857]
[0.02271333895623684]
[0.0241797287017107]
[0.034059420228004456]
[0.4525505304336548]
[0.04405169561505318]
[0.013252932578325272]
[0.13002265989780426]
[0.29389864206314087]
[0.01913524977862835]
[0.5285301804542542]
[0.11504124850034714]
[0.02988257259130478]
[0.5699691772460938]
[0.042108241468667984]
[0.4094487428665161]
[0.027681460604071617]
[0.3184739649295807]
[16.880451202392578]
[0.09085293859243393]
[0.012531334534287453]
[0.024028338491916656]
[0.33688923716545105]
[1.3334563970565796]
[0.11593437194824219]
[0.3046821057796478]
[0.053660787642002106]
[0.02414107322692871]
[1.022253394126892]
[0.35722678899765015]
[0.6719937920570374]
[0.047142673283815384]
[0.04616248607635498]
[0.07421678304672241]
[0.30109912157058716]
[0.15093420445919037]
[0.8451181054115295]
[0.01138544175773859]
[0.07465231418609619]
[4.343216419219971]
[0.05205048248171806]
[0.03445108234882355]
[0.4613681435585022]
[0.08730755746364594]
[0.034062035381793976]
[0.012878729030489922]
[0.08560013025999069]
[0.4966108202934265]
[0.03869201987981796]
[0.9329923391342163]
[0.27297350764274597]
[0.2698513865470886]
[0.05108187720179558]
[0.01251811720430851]
[0.05075608566403389]
[0.16461122035980225]
[0.01508814375847578]
[0.07674133777618408]
[0.18985190987586975]
[0.4393285810947418]
[0.0401965007185936]
[0.020179448649287224]
[0.034961916506290436]
[0.3173879384994507]
[0.03509519249200821]
[0.8027880191802979]
[0.014710843563079834]
[0.015772322192788124]
[0.033420901745557785]
[0.09066411852836609]
[1.516605257987976]
[0.9300937652587891]
[0.02966252714395523]
[0.21450865268707275]
[0.013013621792197227]
[0.034104153513908386]
[3.009167194366455]
[0.08745422214269638]
[0.40036702156066895]
[0.015463815070688725]
[0.018405064940452576]
[0.08241681009531021]
[0.02051987126469612]
[0.19281494617462158]
[0.01729537919163704]
[2.0853869915008545]
[0.06665879487991333]
[17.263307571411133]
[0.23376722633838654]
[0.019059551879763603]
[0.02944769337773323]
[0.016482237726449966]
[0.015258505009114742]
[13.906903266906738]
[0.3521603047847748]
[0.4691286087036133]
[0.01337094884365797]
[0.1350313127040863]
[0.026055769994854927]
[0.6322669386863708]
[0.03405814990401268]
[0.03445877507328987]
[0.04550860449671745]
[0.04728991910815239]
[0.3399789333343506]
[0.01681874878704548]
[0.015401344746351242]
[0.011524511501193047]
[0.5523308515548706]
[0.01617506891489029]
[0.005410933401435614]
[0.7327816486358643]
[0.015480042435228825]
[0.016581766307353973]
[0.013080142438411713]
[0.032387036830186844]
[0.03402615711092949]
[0.014082354493439198]
[0.03409714996814728]
[0.48822349309921265]
[0.02002599462866783]
[0.27030685544013977]
[0.06258329749107361]
[0.545112669467926]
[0.028014982119202614]
[0.02778068371117115]
[0.052251532673835754]
[0.016556179150938988]
[0.07168874889612198]
[0.015049004927277565]
[0.04145633056759834]
[0.013480249792337418]
[0.5837411284446716]
[0.2941685914993286]
[0.012391175143420696]
[0.032293692231178284]
[0.012849041260778904]
[3427.35498046875]
[0.08583779633045197]
[49.2490119934082]
[0.07831573486328125]
[0.11571972072124481]
[0.08468148112297058]
[0.05326090753078461]
[0.13093064725399017]
[0.02423958107829094]
[1.4998745918273926]
[0.09109826385974884]
[0.5192182660102844]
[0.23829655349254608]
[0.41219189763069153]
[1.4102243185043335]
[0.13678878545761108]
[1.3147380352020264]
[0.02283400110900402]
[0.28732427954673767]
[0.03573346510529518]
[0.2703835368156433]
[0.01867089606821537]
[0.1559564173221588]
[0.18230417370796204]
[0.7050344347953796]
[0.21663986146450043]
[0.08465272188186646]
[0.5990984439849854]
[2.5669384002685547]
[0.164051353931427]
[0.08548632264137268]
[0.09801553934812546]
[0.7261804938316345]
[0.8239704370498657]
[0.9131865501403809]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.1512669175863266]
[0.5011081099510193]
[0.13410542905330658]
[0.009709158912301064]
[0.5389025211334229]
[4.458286285400391]
[0.00957493856549263]
[0.0216118935495615]
[0.21190758049488068]
[0.23429878056049347]
[0.21039023995399475]
[42.99519348144531]
[0.49866652488708496]
[0.09127534180879593]
[0.011891670525074005]
[1.002786636352539]
[0.06316491961479187]
[0.09876029938459396]
[0.013450341299176216]
[0.2015400528907776]
[0.23335503041744232]
[0.017562346532940865]
[0.6693685054779053]
[0.010742085054516792]
[0.04524863138794899]
[0.3214930593967438]
[5.199735641479492]
[0.07255631685256958]
[0.01994268409907818]
[0.0801265612244606]
[0.5543116927146912]
[0.23344945907592773]
[0.030535444617271423]
[0.2428002506494522]
[0.03514556214213371]
[0.1160167008638382]
[0.19123947620391846]
[0.012167497538030148]
[8.237615585327148]
[0.008858868852257729]
[0.06365422904491425]
[0.012091632932424545]
[0.5374128222465515]
[0.016308894380927086]
[0.3253048360347748]
[0.08412634581327438]
[0.09807844460010529]
[0.37536507844924927]
[0.022765636444091797]
[0.05347098037600517]
[0.01096853893250227]
[0.03593416512012482]
[0.03598170354962349]
[0.015044773928821087]
[0.546571671962738]
[0.11865988373756409]
[0.037468139082193375]
[0.11657599359750748]
[0.4983595311641693]
[0.7983275651931763]
[1.0166457891464233]
[0.1425219625234604]
[3.5085501670837402]
[0.03492529317736626]
[0.013868667185306549]
[0.22396859526634216]
[0.011467613279819489]
[0.05148276686668396]
[0.11950752884149551]
[0.02634773962199688]
[0.0212419256567955]
[0.06284508854150772]
[0.23035259544849396]
[0.5450907349586487]
[0.33956992626190186]
[0.015335078351199627]
[0.06795203685760498]
[1.5496809482574463]
[11.029475212097168]
[0.008445629850029945]
[0.01241729874163866]
[1.0734055042266846]
[0.034297630190849304]
[0.020564014092087746]
[0.4901750981807709]
[1.1226983070373535]
[0.5927113890647888]
[1.088935136795044]
[0.36562779545783997]
[1.110021948814392]
[0.21218447387218475]
[22.399450302124023]
[2.830754280090332]
[0.005764714442193508]
[0.0796867087483406]
[0.11903701722621918]
[0.016038568690419197]
[0.9364283084869385]
[0.09405727684497833]
[0.027142208069562912]
[0.01573316752910614]
[4.666810989379883]
[0.3928861618041992]
[68.86929321289062]
[0.3959980010986328]
[0.060823798179626465]
[0.029643762856721878]
[0.03892015293240547]
[0.12523719668388367]
[0.033481989055871964]
[0.05493531376123428]
[0.031484201550483704]
[0.20323118567466736]
[0.22707310318946838]
[0.044653069227933884]
[0.03761988505721092]
[0.025662848725914955]
[0.027462968602776527]
[0.04618099704384804]
[0.9490994811058044]
[0.032128218561410904]
[0.0208806823939085]
[24.024736404418945]
[0.1512262523174286]
[0.17149189114570618]
[3.4619836807250977]
[0.08054240047931671]
[0.03000955656170845]
[0.1356986165046692]
[0.08960065245628357]
[0.012345574796199799]
[0.13042965531349182]
[0.053269192576408386]
[0.004307374823838472]
[0.061831727623939514]
[0.32893866300582886]
[0.766948401927948]
[0.43239033222198486]
[0.47027912735939026]
[0.013474090956151485]
[0.07321397960186005]
[28.131187438964844]
[0.24803605675697327]
[0.06463500112295151]
[0.024684514850378036]
[7.28891134262085]
[0.020615670830011368]
[0.345196008682251]
[0.21929194033145905]
[3.0230484008789062]
[0.027398832142353058]
[2.3511171340942383]
[0.17323964834213257]
[0.015167837031185627]
[0.02627755142748356]
[1.3767014741897583]
[0.06482881307601929]
[0.06682887673377991]
[0.9579071998596191]
[0.02443617396056652]
[0.02654530480504036]
[0.008313018828630447]
[0.026643013581633568]
[0.02831464819610119]
[0.37792181968688965]
[0.04198457673192024]
[3.9070467948913574]
[0.015545486472547054]
[0.03179573640227318]
[4.920024871826172]
[0.9861043691635132]
[0.016036836430430412]
[0.1880919337272644]
[0.04087117314338684]
[0.015487462282180786]
[0.02786397747695446]
[0.01786225289106369]
[0.2616705596446991]
[0.014740637503564358]
[0.04134414345026016]
[0.03397287055850029]
[0.0406092070043087]
[0.08648184686899185]
[0.014757850207388401]
[0.034070514142513275]
[0.6055565476417542]
[0.03858669847249985]
[0.05929391086101532]
[0.031056037172675133]
[0.015521964989602566]
[0.22361883521080017]
[0.036163266748189926]
[0.015131269581615925]
[0.015580898150801659]
[0.27454495429992676]
[0.15299604833126068]
[6.744617462158203]
[0.09693466126918793]
[0.4953228831291199]
[0.012962540611624718]
[0.12563522160053253]
[0.031200576573610306]
[0.3553012013435364]
[0.16204853355884552]
[0.04199057072401047]
[0.02446678839623928]
[0.026433324441313744]
[0.015892066061496735]
[0.017073171213269234]
[0.024327628314495087]
[0.012596331536769867]
[0.03347324952483177]
[0.017787547782063484]
[0.010766944848001003]
[0.031049711629748344]
[0.44940921664237976]
[10.248539924621582]
[5.576869487762451]
[0.247755229473114]
[0.016278691589832306]
[0.6657151579856873]
[0.8509485125541687]
[0.02237819693982601]
[0.5180399417877197]
[0.022624731063842773]
[0.012625586241483688]
[1.8025459051132202]
[0.015093367546796799]
[0.010004241019487381]
[0.03337051719427109]
[0.08768908679485321]
[0.2842942178249359]
[1.0258318185806274]
[0.025859398767352104]
[0.04200785607099533]
[0.02125515416264534]
[0.1159469485282898]
[0.02541331946849823]
[0.014635958708822727]
[0.18140754103660583]
[0.00909969862550497]
[0.0120069719851017]
[0.4986727833747864]
[0.019506076350808144]
[0.020655784755945206]
[0.014328410848975182]
[0.014232005923986435]
[0.038558900356292725]
[0.02540721744298935]
[0.10269239544868469]
[0.05324356630444527]
[0.011660887859761715]
[0.01426017191261053]
[0.16411608457565308]
[0.6323912739753723]
[0.011940314434468746]
[0.015032892115414143]
[0.014295825734734535]
[0.010837148874998093]
[0.02538001537322998]
[0.9317352771759033]
[0.057528115808963776]
[0.34454578161239624]
[0.31119194626808167]
[0.022809164598584175]
[0.033358726650476456]
[0.009234264492988586]
[0.20964454114437103]
[0.020317304879426956]
[0.007454793434590101]
[0.03753722459077835]
[0.009800832718610764]
[0.03600597754120827]
[0.04203139618039131]
[0.04432110860943794]
[0.026351487264037132]
[0.009867236018180847]
[0.010646095499396324]
[1.2136688232421875]
[0.011535066179931164]
[0.011562757194042206]
[0.6265317797660828]
[0.013486209325492382]
[0.03653312101960182]
[0.05774324759840965]
[0.01041856687515974]
[0.015832984820008278]
[0.20926666259765625]
[0.3774181008338928]
[0.021815557032823563]
[0.03618500754237175]
[0.011470611207187176]
[0.01032616849988699]
[0.046749506145715714]
[0.0691116526722908]
[0.07659757137298584]
[0.2948281764984131]
[0.01625305972993374]
[0.011053773574531078]
[0.0347151979804039]
[0.6133496761322021]
[0.01223236694931984]
[0.27219071984291077]
[0.6123642325401306]
[0.1904952973127365]
[0.024025339633226395]
[0.01160978339612484]
[0.03628664091229439]
[0.06209570914506912]
[0.07991498708724976]
[0.015009560622274876]
[1.0427964925765991]
[0.013725128024816513]
[0.009313743561506271]
[0.028417935594916344]
[0.04123323783278465]
[0.4715043604373932]
[0.04135148972272873]
[0.012512224726378918]
[0.047323521226644516]
[0.015478228218853474]
[0.02624967135488987]
[0.6054895520210266]
[0.036278318613767624]
[0.3293117880821228]
[0.01584218069911003]
[0.0123825678601861]
[5.680722713470459]
[0.023471297696232796]
[0.026251662522554398]
[0.2544715404510498]
[0.028880901634693146]
[0.12199582904577255]
[0.025064382702112198]
[0.07151637971401215]
[0.16369320452213287]
[0.14160843193531036]
[0.028250565752387047]
[0.012407035566866398]
[0.04321713000535965]
[0.07123000919818878]
[0.16977113485336304]
[0.04427246004343033]
[0.05553123354911804]
[0.15736308693885803]
[0.04746229201555252]
[0.020059458911418915]
[0.543538510799408]
[0.055514898151159286]
[0.13163936138153076]
[0.048892635852098465]
[0.7357431650161743]
[0.012601220980286598]
[0.03976013511419296]
[0.09476204216480255]
[0.19653962552547455]
[0.0457439199090004]
[1.190438985824585]
[0.2162221074104309]
[0.03310896083712578]
[6.147468090057373]
[0.020112112164497375]
[0.033218491822481155]
[0.0330965518951416]
[0.48632198572158813]
[0.0370020754635334]
[0.014753763563930988]
[0.012407472357153893]
[0.023096589371562004]
[0.016408953815698624]
[0.054508551955223083]
[0.022700734436511993]
[0.028443370014429092]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.022655460983514786]
[0.030981995165348053]
[0.020506419241428375]
[0.03153110295534134]
[0.7109701633453369]
[0.39328739047050476]
[0.2407713085412979]
[0.13896268606185913]
[1.089766025543213]
[0.014054509811103344]
[0.8516252636909485]
[0.011699775233864784]
[1.5682107210159302]
[0.013521457090973854]
[0.5326125621795654]
[0.017897427082061768]
[0.059791065752506256]
[1.3980785608291626]
[0.01529470831155777]
[0.01835813745856285]
[0.026988931000232697]
[0.009848210029304028]
[0.45318603515625]
[0.04366568475961685]
[0.07330509275197983]
[0.019364995881915092]
[0.019157327711582184]
[0.3087618350982666]
[0.04661247134208679]
[0.014414498582482338]
[0.01444208063185215]
[0.036293573677539825]
[0.01942797750234604]
[0.01776372641324997]
[0.53606116771698]
[0.02676336281001568]
[0.05253728851675987]
[0.20393022894859314]
[29.227445602416992]
[0.9634504914283752]
[0.5307382345199585]
[0.02636745385825634]
[0.04394540190696716]
[0.011849907226860523]
[0.0288370493799448]
[0.010393135249614716]
[0.07341617345809937]
[0.09366324543952942]
[0.051906097680330276]
[0.12210344523191452]
[0.03868817165493965]
[0.6800283193588257]
[0.287250280380249]
[0.16661158204078674]
[0.268385648727417]
[0.3495054543018341]
[0.10467290878295898]
[0.06754480302333832]
[0.045548733323812485]
[0.07355578243732452]
[0.3053431808948517]
[36.213645935058594]
[0.1004529744386673]
[0.026273181661963463]
[0.18815059959888458]
[0.050424814224243164]
[0.22512979805469513]
[0.09595847129821777]
[0.3760623633861542]
[0.011952865868806839]
[0.029647305607795715]
[0.01461600698530674]
[0.30022773146629333]
[0.04481932148337364]
[0.05167636275291443]
[0.010184241458773613]
[0.026036875322461128]
[0.10405992716550827]
[0.22661659121513367]
[0.018063487485051155]
[0.07034457474946976]
[0.043225064873695374]
[0.06495509296655655]
[1.249902606010437]
[0.09251867234706879]
[0.41465187072753906]
[0.02802107483148575]
[2.3319144248962402]
[0.04882844537496567]
[0.03198001906275749]
[0.2195701003074646]
[0.41882237792015076]
[0.21847356855869293]
[0.5327170491218567]
[0.04231015220284462]
[0.21536745131015778]
[0.04265507310628891]
[0.07734637707471848]
[0.16661924123764038]
[0.22375093400478363]
[0.08424919098615646]
[0.011746165342628956]
[0.7775930166244507]
[0.013853314332664013]
[0.040275365114212036]
[0.021621236577630043]
[0.028337638825178146]
[0.40419724583625793]
[0.13876913487911224]
[1.2580891847610474]
[0.14615099132061005]
[0.0498429536819458]
[0.02207256108522415]
[0.04215305671095848]
[0.08739209920167923]
[0.018657034263014793]
[3.054136276245117]
[0.7841693162918091]
[0.5604201555252075]
[0.11644365638494492]
[0.11571472138166428]
[0.3207522928714752]
[0.01637178100645542]
[0.02122056670486927]
[0.13609492778778076]
[0.8988171219825745]
[0.04888508841395378]
[0.04942239820957184]
[0.014303390868008137]
[0.4594944417476654]
[0.07036092877388]
[0.014831697568297386]
[0.49785637855529785]
[0.01163557730615139]
[0.014607300981879234]
[0.3522625267505646]
[0.635642945766449]
[0.017840303480625153]
[0.048239100724458694]
[0.206702321767807]
[0.08187560737133026]
[11.086944580078125]
[0.009061098098754883]
[1.587800145149231]
[0.01966812089085579]
[0.6400063037872314]
[0.012121161445975304]
[0.020389996469020844]
[0.36246100068092346]
[0.28707724809646606]
[0.030923420563340187]
[0.13062696158885956]
[0.08546556532382965]
[0.7211827635765076]
[0.022915685549378395]
[0.6907856464385986]
[0.28487032651901245]
[1.7024712562561035]
[0.022212553769350052]
[9.375190734863281]
[0.03706825152039528]
[0.021078942343592644]
[0.4985680878162384]
[0.18409539759159088]
[0.044815417379140854]
[0.03976993262767792]
[0.1247030645608902]
[0.022815141826868057]
[0.018814969807863235]
[0.02098473161458969]
[1.3438252210617065]
[0.02556738816201687]
[0.45460718870162964]
[0.08293261379003525]
[0.48960018157958984]
[0.019667627289891243]
[0.028031261637806892]
[0.025531001389026642]
[0.4606981575489044]
[0.6688272356987]
[0.02654130756855011]
[0.030472569167613983]
[0.04710443317890167]
[0.027815472334623337]
[0.021133190020918846]
[0.021621204912662506]
[0.66408371925354]
[0.030826253816485405]
[0.01796911284327507]
[0.020082922652363777]
[3.6952924728393555]
[0.14543896913528442]
[0.026423197239637375]
[0.7716565132141113]
[0.1370396912097931]
[0.01898898184299469]
[0.014758476056158543]
[0.027553509920835495]
[0.07464825361967087]
[0.014586920849978924]
[0.033247753977775574]
[0.3090035915374756]
[0.013877912424504757]
[0.020413585007190704]
[0.11684864014387131]
[0.3755912482738495]
[0.24271924793720245]
[0.014646544121205807]
[0.42180687189102173]
[0.01222995389252901]
[0.01046251691877842]
[0.013450785540044308]
[0.28662052750587463]
[0.045281194150447845]
[0.020474905148148537]
[0.025030680000782013]
[0.7719592452049255]
[0.014166049659252167]
[0.020406777039170265]
[0.01626289077103138]
[0.03199196234345436]
[6.749232292175293]
[0.6350832581520081]
[0.013571418821811676]
[0.03537864610552788]
[0.26677772402763367]
[0.009179119020700455]
[0.02951711229979992]
[0.2738724946975708]
[0.014689769595861435]
[0.027777232229709625]
[0.018841614946722984]
[0.007911847904324532]
[0.022107020020484924]
[3.8790407180786133]
[0.4688667953014374]
[0.021905191242694855]
[0.0076222168281674385]
[0.02119959332048893]
[2.479092597961426]
[0.6579729318618774]
[0.11057749390602112]
[0.30870580673217773]
[0.01714857667684555]
[0.06324370205402374]
[0.07737138122320175]
[0.01851404458284378]
[0.3446139991283417]
[3.5879557132720947]
[0.22168579697608948]
[0.017348608002066612]
[0.015590420924127102]
[0.02568558230996132]
[0.0158880315721035]
[0.1514740139245987]
[0.027315055951476097]
[0.5496700406074524]
[0.8538535833358765]
[0.2447993904352188]
[0.25685566663742065]
[4.841419696807861]
[0.013288973830640316]
[0.014697771519422531]
[0.02007552608847618]
[0.027175843715667725]
[0.04983149468898773]
[0.013727430254220963]
[0.04404028505086899]
[0.025891313329339027]
[5.0196452140808105]
[0.04191888868808746]
[0.09365861862897873]
[0.015356834977865219]
[0.022599440068006516]
[0.3374801576137543]
[1.2714706659317017]
[0.016287829726934433]
[0.43186068534851074]
[0.021325519308447838]
[2.4697988033294678]
[0.38537487387657166]
[0.5931004881858826]
[0.008994877338409424]
[0.0068505131639540195]
[0.014020700007677078]
[0.015011713840067387]
[0.26510506868362427]
[0.009965382516384125]
[0.3854462802410126]
[0.011248508468270302]
[0.08264567703008652]
[0.01663275808095932]
[0.05510866269469261]
[0.014955511316657066]
[0.025810563936829567]
[0.12821635603904724]
[0.05022156611084938]
[0.045149996876716614]
[0.05453602224588394]
[0.7671973705291748]
[0.018501542508602142]
[0.3274190127849579]
[0.32470080256462097]
[0.010091767646372318]
[0.41685950756073]
[0.05116279050707817]
[0.011980857700109482]
[0.11022812873125076]
[0.02040799707174301]
[0.5746660828590393]
[0.07830985635519028]
[0.40097594261169434]
[0.022284071892499924]
[0.31940925121307373]
[0.022100670263171196]
[0.017414063215255737]
[0.35126903653144836]
[1.7660881280899048]
[0.0145551897585392]
[0.1413654386997223]
[0.24279512465000153]
[0.5770771503448486]
[0.10878834128379822]
[0.05572378635406494]
[12.022583961486816]
[0.30059313774108887]
[0.32033810019493103]
[0.015051431953907013]
[0.01368401013314724]
[0.01430587749928236]
[0.13378788530826569]
[0.02083982527256012]
[0.010019112378358841]
[0.01586770825088024]
[0.06389446556568146]
[0.018244843930006027]
[0.018046032637357712]
[0.19652605056762695]
[0.6335766315460205]
[2.2278082370758057]
[0.025944076478481293]
[0.025915224105119705]
[0.43858811259269714]
[0.01785651035606861]
[0.027250083163380623]
[0.029627026990056038]
[0.01776641421020031]
[3.7729687690734863]
[0.012580759823322296]
[0.006906631402671337]
[0.09154776483774185]
[0.806398332118988]
[0.03380510210990906]
[3.4728317260742188]
[0.01685166358947754]
[0.009331137873232365]
[0.022040436044335365]
[0.014595819637179375]
[0.3415631949901581]
[0.47301292419433594]
[0.11280588805675507]
[1.7642048597335815]
[0.33046460151672363]
[0.021322641521692276]
[0.04206395521759987]
[0.024875538423657417]
[0.05774674564599991]
[0.04457901418209076]
[0.00675744516775012]
[0.02989640273153782]
[0.021685754880309105]
[0.0871916189789772]
[0.5927279591560364]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.042995668947696686]
[0.9232772588729858]
[0.025311030447483063]
[0.12521177530288696]
[0.015273486264050007]
[0.024946492165327072]
[0.2682434022426605]
[0.027935897931456566]
[0.010715777054429054]
[0.5126293301582336]
[0.010760167613625526]
[0.011581378057599068]
[0.011959054507315159]
[0.019469650462269783]
[0.21727624535560608]
[0.3368944525718689]
[0.13518771529197693]
[1.1902917623519897]
[0.06819195300340652]
[0.04330349341034889]
[0.043316759169101715]
[0.01963854394853115]
[0.026887783780694008]
[0.3282833397388458]
[0.30401116609573364]
[0.014224056154489517]
[0.1243351399898529]
[0.2215936779975891]
[0.014024978503584862]
[0.032291777431964874]
[0.01093339640647173]
[0.017078664153814316]
[0.0253404900431633]
[0.012349517084658146]
[1.5060063600540161]
[0.7288039922714233]
[1.3677765130996704]
[0.01732657663524151]
[0.02119618095457554]
[1.2283910512924194]
[1.353995680809021]
[0.03962244093418121]
[0.016453182324767113]
[0.9471256136894226]
[0.17797045409679413]
[0.011073542758822441]
[0.17946842312812805]
[0.10277017951011658]
[0.02202090434730053]
[0.012386126443743706]
[0.04632238298654556]
[0.044354189187288284]
[1.1201655864715576]
[0.2699732482433319]
[0.020719820633530617]
[0.03872261196374893]
[18.588634490966797]
[0.012278787791728973]
[0.00738566042855382]
[0.07121648639440536]
[0.07078813016414642]
[0.024820957332849503]
[0.5620667934417725]
[0.46503594517707825]
[0.015831179916858673]
[0.46694767475128174]
[0.015509506687521935]
[0.05483925715088844]
[0.49159789085388184]
[0.014948807656764984]
[0.957916796207428]
[0.0252254419028759]
[0.010672899894416332]
[0.008812274783849716]
[0.06312239170074463]
[0.020463772118091583]
[0.3903179168701172]
[0.07197195291519165]
[0.3226851522922516]
[0.031056541949510574]
[0.683748722076416]
[0.02220514602959156]
[0.010015198029577732]
[0.15559786558151245]
[0.05034564435482025]
[0.12657497823238373]
[0.017358114942908287]
[0.02120615914463997]
[0.013509702868759632]
[0.4192187786102295]
[0.030959581956267357]
[0.2922573685646057]
[0.10318879783153534]
[0.314988911151886]
[0.016446499153971672]
[0.01912671886384487]
[0.01909201592206955]
[0.8435219526290894]
[0.8283470869064331]
[0.013144038617610931]
[0.1801283210515976]
[0.4599251449108124]
[0.5041714310646057]
[0.013576637953519821]
[0.37059536576271057]
[0.23944230377674103]
[0.025487244129180908]
[0.21447324752807617]
[0.020206235349178314]
[0.03699072450399399]
[0.014330004341900349]
[0.13147945702075958]
[0.03531256318092346]
[0.019454453140497208]
[0.03858594968914986]
[2.2425472736358643]
[0.015876781195402145]
[0.23841579258441925]
[0.01474935095757246]
[0.04582890868186951]
[0.014516533352434635]
[9.141966819763184]
[0.027200229465961456]
[0.010636656545102596]
[0.01565469056367874]
[0.015865113586187363]
[0.02374376356601715]
[0.6096979379653931]
[0.29044297337532043]
[0.6041844487190247]
[0.013862707652151585]
[0.5297858715057373]
[0.02272866666316986]
[0.019574014469981194]
[0.014094434678554535]
[0.055863652378320694]
[0.018482275307178497]
[0.02188986726105213]
[0.020582236349582672]
[0.030112480744719505]
[0.10400836914777756]
[0.03692978248000145]
[0.37932121753692627]
[0.017856162041425705]
[0.13702096045017242]
[0.013752693310379982]
[0.027906185016036034]
[0.02972361072897911]
[0.008876391686499119]
[0.02089974470436573]
[0.015356702730059624]
[0.020627696067094803]
[0.03806881234049797]
[0.016926562413573265]
[0.02778542786836624]
[0.039090849459171295]
[0.05901237949728966]
[0.4055712819099426]
[0.3721727430820465]
[0.3104497492313385]
[0.36408719420433044]
[0.09723931550979614]
[0.3720894753932953]
[0.01679091714322567]
[0.08403199911117554]
[0.1026451587677002]
[0.015564409084618092]
[0.4653681516647339]
[0.019936634227633476]
[0.040280457586050034]
[0.027742192149162292]
[0.021224504336714745]
[0.20065146684646606]
[0.04127209261059761]
[4.8366923332214355]
[0.04286094754934311]
[0.02242582105100155]
[0.028645109385252]
[0.0254442747682333]
[0.0268326997756958]
[0.026495667174458504]
[0.02760901488363743]
[0.7516692280769348]
[0.03362143412232399]
[0.12624101340770721]
[6.861810207366943]
[0.09489325433969498]
[0.22837990522384644]
[3.1447384357452393]
[0.02277730219066143]
[0.21736450493335724]
[0.030174827203154564]
[0.18123939633369446]
[0.009107605554163456]
[0.03244046866893768]
[0.2990967035293579]
[0.017276817932724953]
[0.015862803906202316]
[0.3582087755203247]
[3.4821219444274902]
[0.014976122416555882]
[0.029485121369361877]
[0.03934219479560852]
[0.05820592865347862]
[0.010407430119812489]
[0.012439497746527195]
[1.0657610893249512]
[0.008335497230291367]
[0.01727072149515152]
[0.7750197052955627]
[0.053078457713127136]
[0.5795360803604126]
[0.03439311310648918]
[0.019240429624915123]
[0.245120108127594]
[0.15974533557891846]
[0.01391188520938158]
[0.010024252347648144]
[0.02127825655043125]
[0.010129970498383045]
[0.15735499560832977]
[0.0431361198425293]
[0.01635412499308586]
[0.03164304420351982]
[0.470201313495636]
[0.009955170564353466]
[0.01902562566101551]
[0.05354958400130272]
[0.1102105900645256]
[0.24434635043144226]
[0.43330100178718567]
[0.37447062134742737]
[0.006359264254570007]
[0.014287997037172318]
[0.012716319411993027]
[0.01918766088783741]
[0.03158937394618988]
[0.01643524505198002]
[0.02112565189599991]
[0.019043806940317154]
[0.018069379031658173]
[0.323271781206131]
[2.7773568630218506]
[0.008803662844002247]
[0.009116060100495815]
[0.5106735825538635]
[0.07066617161035538]
[0.0641370415687561]
[0.015482042916119099]
[0.33504199981689453]
[0.021223971620202065]
[0.028057044371962547]
[0.43974947929382324]
[0.015088734216988087]
[0.17577116191387177]
[0.011657335795462132]
[0.04475482925772667]
[0.017330527305603027]
[0.015792420133948326]
[0.018769463524222374]
[1.7364392280578613]
[0.06863173097372055]
[0.009815411642193794]
[0.01716013066470623]
[0.017221035435795784]
[0.03705978766083717]
[10.167470932006836]
[0.11590983718633652]
[0.014869992621243]
[0.016400204971432686]
[0.03287653625011444]
[0.3132818937301636]
[0.038803454488515854]
[0.9280509352684021]
[0.009834946133196354]
[0.08289596438407898]
[0.22471143305301666]
[0.201276034116745]
[0.01614331640303135]
[0.08433852344751358]
[0.008893074467778206]
[0.19849959015846252]
[0.014655089005827904]
[0.03139779716730118]
[0.11060033738613129]
[0.014210210181772709]
[1.7595150470733643]
[0.296375036239624]
[0.01610856130719185]
[6.740245819091797]
[0.03272487595677376]
[0.4327283501625061]
[1.491040825843811]
[0.14690862596035004]
[0.2371092438697815]
[0.01738041639328003]
[0.2357480823993683]
[0.4619757831096649]
[0.0654318779706955]
[0.011869099922478199]
[0.017107753083109856]
[0.02159617654979229]
[0.02343423292040825]
[0.0525243915617466]
[0.022338125854730606]
[0.035690005868673325]
[0.017929526045918465]
[0.0719265341758728]
[0.018118109554052353]
[0.09425385296344757]
[0.030928991734981537]
[0.925655722618103]
[0.017238343134522438]
[0.029560236260294914]
[3.687833309173584]
[0.011928657069802284]
[2.498589515686035]
[0.44938743114471436]
[0.6979129314422607]
[0.01669580489397049]
[0.019353356212377548]
[0.03650762885808945]
[0.020432651042938232]
[0.022765634581446648]
[0.05629682540893555]
[0.013859068043529987]
[0.006081031635403633]
[0.05533086881041527]
[0.3236807882785797]
[0.235359787940979]
[0.2231600135564804]
[0.009653054177761078]
[5.107297897338867]
[0.333243727684021]
[0.0160775538533926]
[1.087033987045288]
[0.019945139065384865]
[1.1946439743041992]
[0.027192337438464165]
[0.2695905864238739]
[0.028980731964111328]
[0.016708962619304657]
[0.019588366150856018]
[0.02246284671127796]
[0.010138335637748241]
[0.1558113545179367]
[0.024306394159793854]
[0.02701270394027233]
[0.013962806202471256]
[1.1150387525558472]
[0.007231352385133505]
[0.013713761232793331]
[0.033996932208538055]
[0.0122384550049901]
[0.014699540100991726]
[0.03048647567629814]
[0.010247617959976196]
[0.016722721979022026]
[0.012393882498145103]
[0.06590926647186279]
[0.011380929499864578]
[17.205495834350586]
[1.9041829109191895]
[0.0479336678981781]
[0.014753135852515697]
[0.017619909718632698]
[0.02187265455722809]
[0.01131276972591877]
[0.012705697678029537]
[0.03576675057411194]
[0.361655056476593]
[0.51194828748703]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.6910582184791565]
[0.017229802906513214]
[0.1721315234899521]
[0.022441154345870018]
[0.01399078220129013]
[2.4728994369506836]
[0.4156236946582794]
[0.24712632596492767]
[7.2906174659729]
[2.19527268409729]
[0.35510775446891785]
[0.01971515826880932]
[0.015385769307613373]
[0.03688180074095726]
[0.10350657254457474]
[0.00826228130608797]
[0.05219128727912903]
[0.3390467166900635]
[0.013526925817131996]
[0.02201117016375065]
[0.014894431456923485]
[0.06747075915336609]
[0.0622863732278347]
[0.01905934140086174]
[0.04851831868290901]
[0.016554486006498337]
[0.6969454288482666]
[0.693885326385498]
[0.019732771441340446]
[0.03514338657259941]
[0.01209023967385292]
[0.6120050549507141]
[0.015104643069207668]
[0.0263576228171587]
[0.10147649794816971]
[0.009032963775098324]
[0.14437881112098694]
[0.01191228162497282]
[2.690526008605957]
[0.670225203037262]
[0.33370521664619446]
[0.02553548291325569]
[0.04860357940196991]
[0.08670207113027573]
[0.011612841859459877]
[0.02722938358783722]
[0.020747432485222816]
[0.015379797667264938]
[0.017719924449920654]
[0.019041135907173157]
[0.015291049145162106]
[0.006084228865802288]
[7.258479118347168]
[2.011101007461548]
[7.9169511795043945]
[0.013411679305136204]
[0.05732415243983269]
[0.03211165964603424]
[0.016977209597826004]
[0.00620258878916502]
[0.23596513271331787]
[0.3640706241130829]
[0.39603760838508606]
[0.012416945770382881]
[4.558155536651611]
[0.013494346290826797]
[0.311550110578537]
[0.01549153309315443]
[0.014841100201010704]
[0.20978786051273346]
[7.763202667236328]
[0.17223887145519257]
[0.1284983903169632]
[13.860919952392578]
[0.021351564675569534]
[0.032992128282785416]
[0.016118209809064865]
[0.35583651065826416]
[0.011060256510972977]
[0.016887279227375984]
[0.13267137110233307]
[0.026704875752329826]
[0.030519211664795876]
[0.5562694072723389]
[0.008202589116990566]
[0.5212219953536987]
[0.018893102183938026]
[0.026656903326511383]
[0.02423628605902195]
[0.01795429177582264]
[0.03222452849149704]
[0.007727808319032192]
[0.0818767324090004]
[0.014403373934328556]
[0.014899450354278088]
[0.011899360455572605]
[0.07311852276325226]
[0.9189998507499695]
[0.08154568076133728]
[0.32586970925331116]
[0.3563663363456726]
[0.20952649414539337]
[0.246897354722023]
[0.010106761008501053]
[0.006163820158690214]
[0.7441496849060059]
[0.0123507771641016]
[0.019884882494807243]
[0.011691567488014698]
[0.25361937284469604]
[0.015699487179517746]
[0.025924017652869225]
[0.09173852205276489]
[0.018130240961909294]
[0.4579063057899475]
[0.5924810767173767]
[0.32981064915657043]
[2.078580856323242]
[2.7041549682617188]
[0.045645419508218765]
[0.011134583503007889]
[0.07326459139585495]
[0.4413730502128601]
[0.010042228735983372]
[145.29629516601562]
[0.6410942077636719]
[0.47001683712005615]
[1.065433382987976]
[0.026774927973747253]
[0.1258281022310257]
[0.3927224278450012]
[0.026436202228069305]
[0.07767562568187714]
[0.05502961575984955]
[72.71436309814453]
[0.1096334457397461]
[0.08361264318227768]
[0.16752366721630096]
[0.015712639316916466]
[0.01583006978034973]
[1.8693389892578125]
[0.15417195856571198]
[0.07484924048185349]
[3.8353803157806396]
[0.35804232954978943]
[0.09001916646957397]
[0.0966363251209259]
[8.614331245422363]
[2.295130491256714]
[0.1414429396390915]
[118.20738220214844]
[0.5289227962493896]
[0.25283917784690857]
[0.28625136613845825]
[0.3280250132083893]
[0.8470924496650696]
[2.162820339202881]
[0.04864979162812233]
[0.03585304319858551]
[0.030987458303570747]
[0.012934948317706585]
[1.0780507326126099]
[0.2031567245721817]
[0.16522271931171417]
[0.043111544102430344]
[0.08126360177993774]
[0.05964904651045799]
[0.07173867523670197]
[0.49594566226005554]
[0.04574240371584892]
[0.06363533437252045]
[0.07199651747941971]
[0.07099905610084534]
[0.08045505732297897]
[0.18080562353134155]
[0.9269183874130249]
[0.21796131134033203]
[0.22684723138809204]
[0.20955343544483185]
[0.10247894376516342]
[0.08214418590068817]
[0.21696969866752625]
[0.08243890851736069]
[20.648950576782227]
[0.42831623554229736]
[0.13017040491104126]
[0.05141096189618111]
[0.06700816750526428]
[0.5586526989936829]
[0.06405743211507797]
[0.4074605703353882]
[0.11643611639738083]
[0.05738178640604019]
[0.05569048970937729]
[0.10955813527107239]
[0.06854621320962906]
[0.08365175127983093]
[0.4042227268218994]
[0.08241353183984756]
[0.03586912155151367]
[0.29023730754852295]
[0.0226605162024498]
[0.049036506563425064]
[0.04199546203017235]
[0.39144012331962585]
[0.10962694138288498]
[0.05547530576586723]
[0.027479538694024086]
[0.010860919021070004]
[0.03379065543413162]
[0.05332481861114502]
[0.010873803868889809]
[0.01336379162967205]
[0.7995860576629639]
[0.049581799656152725]
[0.2586100399494171]
[0.026339596137404442]
[0.03783918917179108]
[19.193740844726562]
[0.05273347720503807]
[0.0420071966946125]
[3.68278431892395]
[0.0627826452255249]
[0.04116848111152649]
[0.02103624865412712]
[0.036027781665325165]
[0.01265215128660202]
[0.02399909682571888]
[0.03148341551423073]
[0.03027787245810032]
[0.17661957442760468]
[0.9296796917915344]
[0.056410521268844604]
[0.37274637818336487]
[0.25525733828544617]
[0.03555440157651901]
[0.19012980163097382]
[0.031464774161577225]
[0.02108989655971527]
[0.028843970969319344]
[6.403188705444336]
[0.044446125626564026]
[1.2359251976013184]
[0.014770121313631535]
[0.033325500786304474]
[0.0555897131562233]
[0.01281814556568861]
[0.04297611117362976]
[0.013271245174109936]
[0.018618986010551453]
[0.026801953092217445]
[0.021295515820384026]
[0.03007570467889309]
[0.10918641835451126]
[0.029268672689795494]
[0.0241573266685009]
[0.17301015555858612]
[0.015743935480713844]
[0.018711064010858536]
[0.5863481163978577]
[0.10106464475393295]
[0.45643967390060425]
[0.26308542490005493]
[0.7279260158538818]
[0.0428871251642704]
[0.11800370365381241]
[0.2879049777984619]
[0.08024387061595917]
[0.04963812232017517]
[0.012367185205221176]
[0.128351092338562]
[0.010316881351172924]
[0.23327672481536865]
[0.012221072800457478]
[0.16884538531303406]
[0.05372229218482971]
[0.018426744267344475]
[0.023125767707824707]
[0.012258217670023441]
[0.20095738768577576]
[0.025464005768299103]
[0.6762055158615112]
[0.011187226511538029]
[0.03574834764003754]
[0.21012765169143677]
[0.02855299785733223]
[0.41331422328948975]
[12.015401840209961]
[0.8862356543540955]
[0.01985466293990612]
[17.210325241088867]
[0.5189176797866821]
[0.01030159741640091]
[0.01644366979598999]
[0.015814676880836487]
[14.35450553894043]
[0.3260907232761383]
[0.0159189123660326]
[0.010041939094662666]
[0.04359717667102814]
[0.027566952630877495]
[0.05017268657684326]
[0.3003137409687042]
[0.01906866580247879]
[0.29418662190437317]
[0.024129558354616165]
[0.15288208425045013]
[0.01272379606962204]
[0.01218286994844675]
[0.020151561126112938]
[0.020361650735139847]
[0.012176059186458588]
[0.28811654448509216]
[2.2867987155914307]
[3.5341644287109375]
[0.026000915095210075]
[0.013927365653216839]
[0.0755920484662056]
[0.021995006129145622]
[0.6010969877243042]
[0.9229828715324402]
[1.5270434617996216]
[0.018562329933047295]
[0.008697668090462685]
[0.1193351149559021]
[0.0578349269926548]
[0.00989090371876955]
[0.024495761841535568]
[0.010743966326117516]
[0.047458842396736145]
[0.10409548878669739]
[0.0897902175784111]
[0.045036446303129196]
[0.10462938249111176]
[0.018763350322842598]
[0.10283937305212021]
[0.0639955922961235]
[0.0261080265045166]
[0.026701929047703743]
[0.7591295838356018]
[2.355581521987915]
[0.016253354027867317]
[0.06358429789543152]
[0.08135990053415298]
[0.01984572596848011]
[0.3640274107456207]
[0.024081476032733917]
[0.09302296489477158]
[0.015531856566667557]
[0.026653261855244637]
[0.6998375058174133]
[0.03693954646587372]
[0.02410820871591568]
[0.11570505797863007]
[0.022868087515234947]
[0.06833767145872116]
[0.508307695388794]
[0.05142144858837128]
[0.027859501540660858]
[0.1685207486152649]
[0.047787513583898544]
[0.25905928015708923]
[0.25398898124694824]
[0.40956997871398926]
[0.05911170318722725]
[0.057553354650735855]
[0.0383758619427681]
[0.010456702671945095]
[0.6740567684173584]
[0.02703619748353958]
[0.01816437393426895]
[0.012007768265902996]
[0.21695829927921295]
[0.3204410672187805]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.012614229694008827]
[0.02194223366677761]
[0.4130418002605438]
[0.011486423201858997]
[0.028258027508854866]
[0.03726711869239807]
[0.04247407987713814]
[0.014180170372128487]
[1.6759905815124512]
[0.022468645125627518]
[0.25425487756729126]
[0.2667669355869293]
[0.030544374138116837]
[0.03000974841415882]
[0.010062791407108307]
[0.021444814279675484]
[0.5714779496192932]
[0.06025281921029091]
[0.017698926851153374]
[0.012491694651544094]
[0.013396655209362507]
[0.027545128017663956]
[0.01212375983595848]
[0.05019853264093399]
[0.03300207853317261]
[0.03577708825469017]
[0.015708444640040398]
[0.048739124089479446]
[0.01125175692141056]
[0.04384630173444748]
[0.3188008964061737]
[0.7288001775741577]
[0.017442917451262474]
[0.5153562426567078]
[0.36524075269699097]
[0.016763996332883835]
[0.010054285638034344]
[0.04389460012316704]
[0.012475978583097458]
[0.009939148090779781]
[0.01765836775302887]
[1.5498918294906616]
[0.027881411835551262]
[0.02578689344227314]
[2.1814730167388916]
[3.3109357357025146]
[0.07807525992393494]
[0.027324233204126358]
[0.015232481993734837]
[0.016896046698093414]
[0.00835323054343462]
[0.010219396091997623]
[0.02797933854162693]
[0.00990231428295374]
[0.00989946536719799]
[0.02092297002673149]
[0.03331334888935089]
[0.11339395493268967]
[0.02340383268892765]
[0.01715010404586792]
[0.017363855615258217]
[0.024380583316087723]
[0.05808642879128456]
[0.05258091911673546]
[0.048963628709316254]
[0.014160486869513988]
[0.30408212542533875]
[0.015818502753973007]
[0.012050972320139408]
[0.2786884903907776]
[3.1590688228607178]
[0.009932930581271648]
[0.02028876543045044]
[0.01949719525873661]
[0.04451891407370567]
[0.016606194898486137]
[0.16793112456798553]
[0.45007410645484924]
[0.018328694626688957]
[0.01538376696407795]
[0.07806722819805145]
[0.05280670151114464]
[0.0330425463616848]
[0.39332279562950134]
[0.035707470029592514]
[0.1184932142496109]
[0.00994901079684496]
[0.6393749117851257]
[0.08435550332069397]
[0.05060439556837082]
[0.013583028689026833]
[0.016036393120884895]
[0.019582992419600487]
[0.013695042580366135]
[0.4977447986602783]
[0.016967741772532463]
[0.06326799094676971]
[0.014469443820416927]
[0.011437468230724335]
[1.193781852722168]
[0.023176871240139008]
[0.0166645310819149]
[0.01934317871928215]
[0.031437791883945465]
[0.0185693372040987]
[0.009657397866249084]
[0.31403154134750366]
[0.04326716065406799]
[0.018364332616329193]
[0.174019455909729]
[0.2203160524368286]
[0.03917793929576874]
[0.04721229150891304]
[0.04797959327697754]
[0.017944645136594772]
[1.0014581680297852]
[0.2551514804363251]
[0.015169397927820683]
[0.38260433077812195]
[0.024635760113596916]
[0.8164314031600952]
[0.12366965413093567]
[0.6290898323059082]
[0.039636895060539246]
[0.013480101712048054]
[0.6788675785064697]
[0.01373703870922327]
[0.1821940392255783]
[0.011239299550652504]
[0.018437407910823822]
[0.019136641174554825]
[0.01837790571153164]
[0.37843644618988037]
[0.8986442685127258]
[0.007335008587688208]
[0.01673300191760063]
[1.7110732793807983]
[0.11434125155210495]
[0.021505916491150856]
[0.5612325072288513]
[0.49766045808792114]
[1.686448574066162]
[0.011942143552005291]
[0.29990923404693604]
[0.016544198617339134]
[0.04072673246264458]
[0.026371311396360397]
[0.007202175911515951]
[0.03148098289966583]
[0.7874710559844971]
[0.04759328439831734]
[16.649816513061523]
[0.041855402290821075]
[0.8274271488189697]
[0.02388647012412548]
[0.1011260524392128]
[0.2709994912147522]
[0.03518548980355263]
[0.026328301057219505]
[0.021857550367712975]
[0.027123134583234787]
[0.33999964594841003]
[1.611741304397583]
[0.2910260558128357]
[0.05486886203289032]
[0.020540757104754448]
[0.6581310033798218]
[0.023383069783449173]
[0.019142527133226395]
[0.011941078118979931]
[0.026080673560500145]
[0.25871941447257996]
[0.04520318657159805]
[0.023538030683994293]
[0.02916143462061882]
[0.02174042910337448]
[0.035919442772865295]
[0.021415062248706818]
[0.8784767985343933]
[0.02299295924603939]
[0.062009260058403015]
[0.050128888338804245]
[0.03443022072315216]
[0.01727408356964588]
[0.022653458639979362]
[0.009715045802295208]
[1.7601258754730225]
[0.011648806743323803]
[0.2861253023147583]
[0.17856386303901672]
[21.401952743530273]
[0.028344735503196716]
[0.4771949350833893]
[0.013617184944450855]
[0.011312241666018963]
[0.020871557295322418]
[0.015805842354893684]
[0.011388302780687809]
[0.029126016423106194]
[0.009553052484989166]
[0.08399640768766403]
[0.01727311499416828]
[1.3626034259796143]
[0.155502587556839]
[0.16080309450626373]
[0.010063468478620052]
[1.1174499988555908]
[0.5269545912742615]
[0.02123788744211197]
[0.30220648646354675]
[0.009662767872214317]
[0.029263697564601898]
[7.743991851806641]
[0.7229995727539062]
[0.3262771666049957]
[0.029089154675602913]
[0.030716732144355774]
[0.010978414677083492]
[0.01293579488992691]
[0.47223469614982605]
[0.010965734720230103]
[0.009438740089535713]
[0.03300914168357849]
[0.17645153403282166]
[0.26784682273864746]
[0.3213821351528168]
[0.5973159074783325]
[0.016231823712587357]
[0.016165485605597496]
[0.2667124271392822]
[0.02049526385962963]
[0.01650386117398739]
[0.03101220168173313]
[0.050786737352609634]
[0.05307453125715256]
[0.1149185374379158]
[0.01013623271137476]
[0.1763257533311844]
[0.014716758392751217]
[0.024348687380552292]
[0.013409964740276337]
[0.016541171818971634]
[0.011086634360253811]
[0.32743996381759644]
[0.688098669052124]
[0.005720076151192188]
[0.016320323571562767]
[0.2937275171279907]
[0.015881970524787903]
[0.0437396876513958]
[0.13334563374519348]
[1.0143815279006958]
[0.03208690881729126]
[0.026402032002806664]
[0.01236457098275423]
[0.017848612740635872]
[0.11064676195383072]
[0.009088532067835331]
[0.011475389823317528]
[0.012105891481041908]
[0.2888054847717285]
[0.0197269469499588]
[0.36629727482795715]
[0.0090694734826684]
[0.026902180165052414]
[0.025889253243803978]
[0.055003196001052856]
[0.01735036075115204]
[0.058867912739515305]
[0.16772131621837616]
[0.024350685998797417]
[0.012282848358154297]
[0.015604942105710506]
[0.01684981770813465]
[0.4592190682888031]
[2.8344898223876953]
[0.7401885986328125]
[0.23701156675815582]
[0.010558410547673702]
[0.020204678177833557]
[0.2034079134464264]
[0.027535848319530487]
[0.547717809677124]
[0.043109893798828125]
[0.3136031925678253]
[0.035890284925699234]
[0.031725455075502396]
[0.28010618686676025]
[3.721554756164551]
[1.1199835538864136]
[0.01512712799012661]
[0.2744617462158203]
[0.03111349605023861]
[0.7148139476776123]
[0.074092335999012]
[0.0463268905878067]
[0.6051381826400757]
[0.7246312499046326]
[0.023371651768684387]
[1.347245454788208]
[0.023770222440361977]
[0.010001901537179947]
[1.080755352973938]
[0.02127229981124401]
[0.028554297983646393]
[0.047095026820898056]
[0.02135932445526123]
[0.3292282521724701]
[0.010333245620131493]
[0.03039914183318615]
[0.008817236870527267]
[0.029074769467115402]
[0.01229671761393547]
[0.051360007375478745]
[0.024039899930357933]
[0.029952149838209152]
[0.3042677044868469]
[0.013255183584988117]
[0.02251313626766205]
[0.03151305764913559]
[0.011797750368714333]
[0.0052312505431473255]
[0.016654295846819878]
[0.04996766149997711]
[0.044913630932569504]
[0.009001534432172775]
[1.2961136102676392]
[0.1310010552406311]
[0.022539561614394188]
[0.026252293959259987]
[0.030804920941591263]
[0.014237471856176853]
[0.011871589347720146]
[0.5491290092468262]
[1.4820301532745361]
[0.014683952555060387]
[0.33048710227012634]
[0.022228095680475235]
[0.008805487304925919]
[0.033481113612651825]
[0.06416086852550507]
[0.017141763120889664]
[0.27527517080307007]
[0.012612316757440567]
[1.305311918258667]
[0.04414358735084534]
[0.011123417876660824]
[0.019739985466003418]
[0.4330272674560547]
[0.1316652148962021]
[0.018733104690909386]
[0.02639656513929367]
[11.581657409667969]
[0.01593911089003086]
[0.019553927704691887]
[0.03115159459412098]
[0.02873029187321663]
[0.49150532484054565]
[0.008861429989337921]
[0.11159279942512512]
[0.022852912545204163]
[0.05973639339208603]
[0.050434187054634094]
[0.01115160621702671]
[0.33297237753868103]
[0.012364054098725319]
[2.5156846046447754]
[0.031233394518494606]
[0.31480076909065247]
[0.030120080336928368]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.2701849639415741]
[0.4679199159145355]
[0.18007467687129974]
[0.1569804847240448]
[0.01486194971948862]
[0.018679875880479813]
[0.016310038045048714]
[0.29926151037216187]
[0.22498691082000732]
[0.11531253159046173]
[0.11463417112827301]
[0.23814651370048523]
[0.08419880270957947]
[0.07460403442382812]
[0.00905549805611372]
[0.017283309251070023]
[0.2781778872013092]
[0.019518960267305374]
[0.107103630900383]
[2.202937126159668]
[0.03126586601138115]
[0.011168506927788258]
[0.00938789639621973]
[0.019987262785434723]
[0.039777666330337524]
[0.010619061067700386]
[0.03816618770360947]
[0.07341716438531876]
[0.348733514547348]
[0.021253831684589386]
[0.5934812426567078]
[0.015992073342204094]
[0.030757660046219826]
[0.053287096321582794]
[6.3603973388671875]
[0.022135630249977112]
[0.03492167592048645]
[0.04115685448050499]
[0.2982456088066101]
[0.013694114983081818]
[0.02364712953567505]
[2.3945648670196533]
[0.09415630996227264]
[0.02083420753479004]
[0.010113532654941082]
[0.14271694421768188]
[0.8883623480796814]
[0.05263219401240349]
[0.006258122157305479]
[0.02796526625752449]
[0.008578242734074593]
[0.021794822067022324]
[0.016521558165550232]
[0.6513636708259583]
[0.023806177079677582]
[0.04016442224383354]
[0.03886692598462105]
[0.009895656257867813]
[7.22060489654541]
[0.08926469832658768]
[0.1155172809958458]
[0.3836798369884491]
[0.01588200405240059]
[0.04257405921816826]
[0.01013261079788208]
[1.72409987449646]
[0.02184443734586239]
[0.16545729339122772]
[0.014960084110498428]
[0.392610639333725]
[0.010283573530614376]
[0.038803115487098694]
[0.005952417850494385]
[0.02077096700668335]
[0.010854640044271946]
[0.008976745419204235]
[0.035821810364723206]
[0.011865916661918163]
[0.29458221793174744]
[0.02808699570596218]
[0.1443001925945282]
[0.013575992546975613]
[1.2905418872833252]
[0.015245304442942142]
[0.08620097488164902]
[0.01131394226104021]
[0.2582989037036896]
[1.4258195161819458]
[2.2921905517578125]
[0.5193884968757629]
[0.030482597649097443]
[0.010893131606280804]
[0.9234681725502014]
[0.005968171171844006]
[0.20716233551502228]
[0.011303285136818886]
[0.025755655020475388]
[0.04203910753130913]
[0.04309387132525444]
[0.3700273036956787]
[1.7680686712265015]
[5.132908821105957]
[0.020958516746759415]
[0.017341243103146553]
[0.10789550840854645]
[0.07608037441968918]
[0.02129914052784443]
[0.3981765806674957]
[0.06458593159914017]
[0.05749586969614029]
[0.03664948791265488]
[0.04787497967481613]
[0.013412092812359333]
[0.014014462009072304]
[0.030885767191648483]
[0.02044634521007538]
[10.93183708190918]
[0.015895597636699677]
[0.20223352313041687]
[0.039368387311697006]
[0.011840996332466602]
[0.03321690484881401]
[0.012574655935168266]
[0.015291640534996986]
[0.019587013870477676]
[0.1268072873353958]
[0.011647693812847137]
[0.9353564977645874]
[0.00818937923759222]
[0.06454694271087646]
[0.15588295459747314]
[1.5559251308441162]
[0.01213435921818018]
[5.148176670074463]
[0.043701495975255966]
[0.05395106226205826]
[0.020219745114445686]
[0.38863056898117065]
[0.008345277979969978]
[0.02027810364961624]
[0.1556166708469391]
[1.4500007629394531]
[0.717133641242981]
[0.013332209549844265]
[0.04861373081803322]
[0.02158401533961296]
[0.013474051840603352]
[1.7342309951782227]
[0.009011879563331604]
[0.5440139174461365]
[0.9687904119491577]
[0.014291960746049881]
[0.022872215136885643]
[0.018707310780882835]
[0.7317208051681519]
[0.01802595891058445]
[0.23818357288837433]
[0.044327303767204285]
[0.006259864661842585]
[0.019857527688145638]
[0.01069255918264389]
[5.213875770568848]
[0.6822776198387146]
[0.03153811767697334]
[1.9788345098495483]
[0.012135169468820095]
[3.6587352752685547]
[0.2843460142612457]
[4.805395603179932]
[0.018050629645586014]
[0.014899087138473988]
[0.009466253221035004]
[0.12215127050876617]
[0.012674784287810326]
[0.009948025457561016]
[0.03915853425860405]
[0.5648258924484253]
[1.1564515829086304]
[0.02951153926551342]
[0.0057567451149225235]
[0.024291938170790672]
[0.41899630427360535]
[0.030675895512104034]
[0.024334250018000603]
[0.007394991349428892]
[0.13143344223499298]
[0.29496264457702637]
[0.04710737615823746]
[0.23662234842777252]
[0.025279071182012558]
[0.0412939116358757]
[0.009745437651872635]
[0.1918468475341797]
[0.5489795804023743]
[0.006523893680423498]
[0.015219224616885185]
[0.10801118612289429]
[0.01736031472682953]
[13.822351455688477]
[0.010881461203098297]
[0.02405468001961708]
[0.15549220144748688]
[0.019252773374319077]
[0.01965847797691822]
[0.12420828640460968]
[0.011732016690075397]
[0.03116166777908802]
[0.00864673126488924]
[0.018118979409337044]
[0.021912632510066032]
[0.012988387607038021]
[0.2849636971950531]
[0.04726282134652138]
[0.36214184761047363]
[0.30203893780708313]
[0.01564422808587551]
[0.010172136127948761]
[0.01502116210758686]
[0.012194893322885036]
[0.012543712742626667]
[0.019079746678471565]
[0.019089017063379288]
[0.008363389410078526]
[0.3078254759311676]
[0.014618955552577972]
[0.0328974686563015]
[1.085842251777649]
[0.03680950403213501]
[0.6946684122085571]
[0.011779805645346642]
[0.20397834479808807]
[0.02297963947057724]
[0.16776618361473083]
[0.061007309705019]
[0.021133147180080414]
[0.014339284971356392]
[0.022404825314879417]
[0.8105403780937195]
[1.4271783828735352]
[2.5046374797821045]
[0.24516065418720245]
[0.015573965385556221]
[0.005842564627528191]
[0.060625214129686356]
[0.05149921402335167]
[0.0072157252579927444]
[0.304701566696167]
[0.025816643610596657]
[0.00992248859256506]
[0.01034456491470337]
[0.6485283374786377]
[0.01973581314086914]
[1.292661190032959]
[0.012431170791387558]
[0.1115201860666275]
[2.2921626567840576]
[0.030737556517124176]
[0.02794821187853813]
[0.05415361002087593]
[0.02734312042593956]
[0.02544691599905491]
[0.617324948310852]
[0.7163598537445068]
[0.037894874811172485]
[0.6484449505805969]
[4.782662868499756]
[0.008255003951489925]
[0.026819776743650436]
[0.37079089879989624]
[0.017171630635857582]
[0.1827012002468109]
[0.20164340734481812]
[0.053708773106336594]
[0.8844636678695679]
[0.025317413732409477]
[0.34280112385749817]
[0.3744027316570282]
[0.012757846154272556]
[0.02631237730383873]
[0.2192133516073227]
[10.504469871520996]
[9.102252006530762]
[0.010065296664834023]
[0.017384033650159836]
[0.014410928823053837]
[0.10444974899291992]
[0.05881587043404579]
[0.015151696279644966]
[0.011635441333055496]
[0.013867816887795925]
[0.34783706068992615]
[1.8026143312454224]
[0.015918225049972534]
[0.01849367842078209]
[0.02159416861832142]
[0.01948617957532406]
[0.85914146900177]
[0.08999549597501755]
[0.012403381988406181]
[0.03308174014091492]
[0.011735271662473679]
[0.050620149821043015]
[0.6260612607002258]
[0.020077571272850037]
[0.021726056933403015]
[0.012698139995336533]
[0.03669821098446846]
[0.029958292841911316]
[0.06915028393268585]
[0.0200837180018425]
[0.2706826329231262]
[0.019558219239115715]
[0.020793985575437546]
[0.02952517755329609]
[0.5610837936401367]
[0.01879216358065605]
[0.169425368309021]
[62.41702651977539]
[0.010833902284502983]
[0.02722828835248947]
[0.3394169211387634]
[0.00823549646884203]
[0.0186002254486084]
[0.5647231936454773]
[0.052386775612831116]
[0.15048512816429138]
[0.0188708808273077]
[1.6257437467575073]
[0.10903062671422958]
[0.5330215692520142]
[0.01007766742259264]
[0.13541477918624878]
[0.06509850919246674]
[0.026413502171635628]
[0.015551271848380566]
[0.1270902305841446]
[0.020706936717033386]
[0.008979510515928268]
[0.23944130539894104]
[0.3468403220176697]
[0.012413982301950455]
[0.43034541606903076]
[0.021684791892766953]
[0.06560689210891724]
[0.021876903250813484]
[0.165941059589386]
[0.0377788282930851]
[1.484032154083252]
[0.021677212789654732]
[0.1706501990556717]
[0.5528854727745056]
[0.03778798133134842]
[0.012902575545012951]
[0.09779922664165497]
[0.06597299873828888]
[0.015707559883594513]
[0.09280852973461151]
[0.2604219317436218]
[1.619809627532959]
[0.0199729036539793]
[0.022793471813201904]
[0.0344284325838089]
[0.7745371460914612]
[0.047888606786727905]
[0.010442297905683517]
[1.5633599758148193]
[0.7685625553131104]
[0.026984291151165962]
[0.5811106562614441]
[0.22660060226917267]
[0.03221028670668602]
[0.7244856953620911]
[0.29215535521507263]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.023563357070088387]
[8.22469711303711]
[0.01013573445379734]
[0.2486223429441452]
[0.15356449782848358]
[0.3295329809188843]
[0.027162926271557808]
[0.10750112682580948]
[0.00905991904437542]
[5.0695953369140625]
[0.9956117272377014]
[11.35650634765625]
[0.0494636669754982]
[0.02591250091791153]
[0.02044408768415451]
[0.03230283781886101]
[1.384328007698059]
[0.9484504461288452]
[0.006278142333030701]
[0.02136235497891903]
[0.08508632332086563]
[0.009671942330896854]
[0.2782783508300781]
[0.015527363866567612]
[0.0670246109366417]
[0.02809445559978485]
[0.020166585221886635]
[0.01763680949807167]
[0.01528212334960699]
[0.07426901906728745]
[0.01163698360323906]
[2.5269129276275635]
[0.28118014335632324]
[0.07882191240787506]
[0.17757470905780792]
[0.3335263729095459]
[0.021416621282696724]
[0.6084266304969788]
[5.222299098968506]
[0.025135532021522522]
[0.010963503271341324]
[0.657460629940033]
[0.028953107073903084]
[1.6298977136611938]
[0.00617627939209342]
[3.1159427165985107]
[0.035473454743623734]
[0.01608360931277275]
[0.023638103157281876]
[0.027772895991802216]
[0.046185921877622604]
[0.018615329638123512]
[0.02123529464006424]
[0.009014115668833256]
[0.013904666528105736]
[0.2195456326007843]
[0.012097645550966263]
[0.04131311550736427]
[1.1613425016403198]
[0.009776785969734192]
[0.013135915622115135]
[0.017693202942609787]
[0.1898847222328186]
[0.13102121651172638]
[0.014830432832241058]
[0.015478068962693214]
[0.6350198984146118]
[0.015172933228313923]
[0.17310026288032532]
[0.14397743344306946]
[0.02932518534362316]
[0.030242163687944412]
[0.048652954399585724]
[0.021537354215979576]
[1.5083061456680298]
[0.007241749670356512]
[0.013200248591601849]
[0.02854263037443161]
[0.015145066194236279]
[0.23839901387691498]
[0.7918346524238586]
[0.2666095793247223]
[0.4894537031650543]
[0.00885825976729393]
[2.750835657119751]
[0.012857338413596153]
[0.010592942126095295]
[0.02628049999475479]
[0.9715979099273682]
[0.19659894704818726]
[0.019971458241343498]
[2.2845265865325928]
[0.015385626815259457]
[0.02840523049235344]
[0.026104167103767395]
[0.015201599337160587]
[1.0503414869308472]
[0.2248554229736328]
[0.02054784819483757]
[0.18470710515975952]
[0.02017146348953247]
[0.9374217987060547]
[0.48874205350875854]
[0.02124686911702156]
[0.7023324370384216]
[0.024818656966090202]
[0.45939403772354126]
[0.00907912291586399]
[0.12688417732715607]
[0.529532253742218]
[0.007165996823459864]
[0.00974526908248663]
[1.3517414331436157]
[0.052073217928409576]
[0.030743317678570747]
[0.02325185015797615]
[0.02800690568983555]
[4.729730606079102]
[0.02430851198732853]
[0.04006653651595116]
[0.029222635552287102]
[0.0124760577455163]
[0.031781960278749466]
[1.7630324363708496]
[0.06047764793038368]
[0.021178660914301872]
[0.00911408755928278]
[0.05454012751579285]
[0.12723369896411896]
[0.009120265021920204]
[0.019122028723359108]
[0.008554701693356037]
[0.010323980823159218]
[0.035130418837070465]
[0.01500046718865633]
[0.05037979781627655]
[0.009298151358962059]
[0.053718451410532]
[0.02154340036213398]
[0.016107970848679543]
[0.018997585400938988]
[0.004709827713668346]
[0.012270276434719563]
[0.024347782135009766]
[0.011950275860726833]
[0.05201335251331329]
[0.012460091151297092]
[0.0092155821621418]
[0.34370747208595276]
[0.2542720139026642]
[0.03793500363826752]
[0.42315322160720825]
[0.3371606469154358]
[0.01990005373954773]
[0.02797519601881504]
[0.011827165260910988]
[0.3758462071418762]
[0.013067156076431274]
[0.16526243090629578]
[0.029632331803441048]
[0.019045718014240265]
[0.017962917685508728]
[0.016693007200956345]
[0.33670639991760254]
[0.1061583012342453]
[0.7016984820365906]
[0.13464902341365814]
[0.011873039416968822]
[0.016817819327116013]
[0.5095825791358948]
[0.012005562894046307]
[0.3205229640007019]
[0.9142017960548401]
[0.010606164112687111]
[0.24750013649463654]
[0.3423788845539093]
[0.0165701974183321]
[0.21729426085948944]
[0.13921895623207092]
[0.008848464116454124]
[0.016647184267640114]
[0.018755795434117317]
[0.34422385692596436]
[0.43023011088371277]
[8.9072265625]
[0.018740825355052948]
[0.01703801564872265]
[0.14649157226085663]
[0.9047723412513733]
[0.2532305419445038]
[0.010725869797170162]
[0.2396421581506729]
[0.14094169437885284]
[0.8891351222991943]
[0.04788730666041374]
[0.09228018671274185]
[0.01609020121395588]
[0.44885140657424927]
[0.019183488562703133]
[0.15343362092971802]
[0.05436348915100098]
[0.0069102211855351925]
[0.01631423458456993]
[0.033632077276706696]
[21.87250328063965]
[0.12484853714704514]
[0.7737236022949219]
[0.11350454390048981]
[0.3038516044616699]
[0.01004952285438776]
[1.5587501525878906]
[0.015110472217202187]
[0.007358968257904053]
[0.430655837059021]
[6.207770824432373]
[0.19379058480262756]
[0.01766260527074337]
[0.011892870999872684]
[0.035750966519117355]
[0.016026683151721954]
[0.05637141317129135]
[0.013030721805989742]
[0.01020900346338749]
[0.2600480318069458]
[0.5776576995849609]
[0.01911422610282898]
[0.024482250213623047]
[0.038758229464292526]
[0.15501010417938232]
[0.37726718187332153]
[0.012251783162355423]
[0.009337232448160648]
[0.012449009343981743]
[0.03066152147948742]
[0.011483767069876194]
[0.024408290162682533]
[0.022063620388507843]
[0.008808876387774944]
[0.19783249497413635]
[0.2112663984298706]
[0.024517392739653587]
[0.07887038588523865]
[0.039189666509628296]
[0.04106747731566429]
[0.012497768737375736]
[0.552505373954773]
[0.009336608462035656]
[0.0184033140540123]
[0.731505274772644]
[0.006025001872330904]
[0.03488403186202049]
[0.01228422299027443]
[0.45022428035736084]
[0.0679863914847374]
[0.03383798152208328]
[0.010476591996848583]
[0.911125123500824]
[0.1754162609577179]
[0.05638087913393974]
[0.009021167643368244]
[0.20877356827259064]
[0.016717789694666862]
[0.010328425094485283]
[0.032158274203538895]
[0.01975870691239834]
[9.861620903015137]
[0.011198947206139565]
[1.0779119729995728]
[0.014684555120766163]
[0.009091082029044628]
[0.017975354567170143]
[0.014859242364764214]
[0.014851309359073639]
[0.03388422355055809]
[0.5497113466262817]
[0.01896624080836773]
[0.015537435188889503]
[0.02049361728131771]
[0.0172197837382555]
[1.7964140176773071]
[0.039414118975400925]
[0.03186675161123276]
[0.07523413747549057]
[0.015711551532149315]
[0.029518170282244682]
[0.6377516388893127]
[0.1372336745262146]
[0.017312608659267426]
[0.053971290588378906]
[0.8617130517959595]
[0.04130388796329498]
[0.026554865762591362]
[0.014945843257009983]
[0.3806849718093872]
[0.029100539162755013]
[0.027833737432956696]
[0.008842973038554192]
[0.02709299512207508]
[0.01695438288152218]
[5.995986461639404]
[0.07199544459581375]
[0.18758875131607056]
[0.013259882107377052]
[0.03004753589630127]
[0.025994084775447845]
[7.2732062339782715]
[0.19666939973831177]
[0.008952745236456394]
[0.0061867497861385345]
[0.027486484497785568]
[0.008855349384248257]
[0.028011422604322433]
[0.36509254574775696]
[0.01670856401324272]
[0.020745206624269485]
[0.01340590137988329]
[0.006814303807914257]
[0.16860534250736237]
[0.3538535237312317]
[0.03606831654906273]
[0.01283460296690464]
[0.014604853466153145]
[1.4295878410339355]
[0.023528283461928368]
[0.015247276052832603]
[0.023319995030760765]
[3.150071620941162]
[0.027835717424750328]
[2.2774338722229004]
[0.3358690142631531]
[0.02888086624443531]
[0.3687152564525604]
[0.013632296584546566]
[0.24617302417755127]
[0.009525222703814507]
[0.11625922471284866]
[0.010543949902057648]
[0.6254655718803406]
[0.008792947977781296]
[0.025507859885692596]
[0.011476750485599041]
[0.03492148965597153]
[0.008780066855251789]
[0.05486241728067398]
[0.019785067066550255]
[0.012220785953104496]
[0.08301786333322525]
[1.197836995124817]
[0.02343606948852539]
[4.8110270500183105]
[0.03713816776871681]
[0.027943063527345657]
[0.18508364260196686]
[0.011333655565977097]
[0.04634562134742737]
[0.023240024223923683]
[0.014320463873445988]
[1.0149859189987183]
[0.04508355259895325]
[0.031081803143024445]
[0.4415944218635559]
[0.009148804470896721]
[0.015156599693000317]
[0.19977256655693054]
[0.016601312905550003]
[0.4105575978755951]
[0.007080636452883482]
[4.085590839385986]
[0.018200460821390152]
[0.02968144416809082]
[0.014991478994488716]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.29127198457717896]
[3.2494733333587646]
[0.01755032315850258]
[0.01774483174085617]
[0.014107685536146164]
[0.8825504183769226]
[0.05964047089219093]
[0.02490384876728058]
[0.016002964228391647]
[0.01474256906658411]
[1.3402267694473267]
[0.4635113775730133]
[0.035554610192775726]
[0.011648042127490044]
[0.5436800718307495]
[0.013636094518005848]
[0.1050921380519867]
[0.012464791536331177]
[0.022899731993675232]
[0.01676400564610958]
[2.802917242050171]
[0.013877054676413536]
[0.022780461236834526]
[0.007361676078289747]
[0.015368624590337276]
[0.245309978723526]
[0.47919249534606934]
[0.009860619902610779]
[0.03991619497537613]
[0.006008041091263294]
[0.3326655328273773]
[1.6774969100952148]
[0.03728044405579567]
[0.08929228037595749]
[0.035439688712358475]
[0.04852708429098129]
[0.011051484383642673]
[0.016226841136813164]
[0.008629614487290382]
[0.011855877935886383]
[7.962315559387207]
[0.1847413182258606]
[0.013228372670710087]
[0.011110679246485233]
[0.011566178873181343]
[0.014754634350538254]
[0.04763996601104736]
[0.011631019413471222]
[0.014994807541370392]
[0.006950797978788614]
[0.14330919086933136]
[0.07341716438531876]
[0.03695996105670929]
[0.20429107546806335]
[0.2630020081996918]
[0.008968809619545937]
[0.01648567058146]
[0.008961397223174572]
[0.027216380462050438]
[2.624289035797119]
[0.43839484453201294]
[0.3417736291885376]
[0.015874609351158142]
[0.2884711027145386]
[0.015219700522720814]
[0.6623417735099792]
[0.3845207095146179]
[0.010476444847881794]
[0.0188154187053442]
[0.01962084136903286]
[0.04044974967837334]
[0.03713712841272354]
[0.01080215722322464]
[0.8910552263259888]
[0.1040399968624115]
[0.008885488845407963]
[0.010459315963089466]
[0.01959022879600525]
[0.013035313226282597]
[0.5424286127090454]
[0.00976506620645523]
[0.2690173387527466]
[0.010664250701665878]
[1.737633466720581]
[0.4888436496257782]
[0.019967664033174515]
[0.01382212620228529]
[0.012060116976499557]
[0.010248061269521713]
[0.022694747895002365]
[0.09328171610832214]
[0.014813704416155815]
[0.01351534016430378]
[0.026871368288993835]
[1.555143117904663]
[0.014508391730487347]
[0.2386011928319931]
[0.008812797255814075]
[1.5627784729003906]
[0.5803864598274231]
[0.01537964679300785]
[0.024761909618973732]
[0.011702733114361763]
[0.04958152770996094]
[1.2505930662155151]
[0.020198771730065346]
[0.02424371987581253]
[0.015991853550076485]
[0.24023738503456116]
[0.0436653271317482]
[0.026499975472688675]
[0.008941315114498138]
[0.019571388140320778]
[0.2545890212059021]
[0.010065344162285328]
[0.04184357076883316]
[0.021196255460381508]
[0.6755090951919556]
[2.623849391937256]
[0.010128134861588478]
[8.996153831481934]
[0.10403286665678024]
[0.015004344284534454]
[0.286433607339859]
[0.012351477518677711]
[0.6108464598655701]
[0.008901442401111126]
[6.119125843048096]
[0.04174548014998436]
[0.03377014398574829]
[0.029693972319364548]
[0.6290891766548157]
[0.019450759515166283]
[0.02495039440691471]
[0.1543155014514923]
[0.20092707872390747]
[0.016347510740160942]
[0.026570143178105354]
[0.01394953578710556]
[0.007899698801338673]
[0.019920632243156433]
[0.009398209862411022]
[0.03118973784148693]
[0.008123049512505531]
[0.014854639768600464]
[0.01347746979445219]
[0.24762915074825287]
[0.042323652654886246]
[0.13113386929035187]
[0.015024560503661633]
[0.01410362683236599]
[0.8353078365325928]
[0.3749135136604309]
[0.03845898061990738]
[0.5596407055854797]
[0.01363714225590229]
[0.1604500561952591]
[0.06174003705382347]
[0.188704714179039]
[0.07096239179372787]
[0.03310471400618553]
[0.023441091179847717]
[0.039707742631435394]
[0.016192840412259102]
[0.013267670758068562]
[0.019496174529194832]
[0.9365628957748413]
[0.018265049904584885]
[9.692880630493164]
[0.22806352376937866]
[0.02361108362674713]
[0.34300553798675537]
[0.007705594878643751]
[0.025225291028618813]
[0.6892327070236206]
[0.3411813974380493]
[1.1910786628723145]
[0.14204391837120056]
[15.25082778930664]
[0.01215373259037733]
[1.0866774320602417]
[8.503316879272461]
[0.023944353684782982]
[0.3506801724433899]
[0.011923867277801037]
[0.019146043807268143]
[0.008623400703072548]
[0.08308673650026321]
[0.1477866768836975]
[0.5817314386367798]
[0.008948626928031445]
[0.19249166548252106]
[0.07400315999984741]
[0.016733380034565926]
[0.01439099945127964]
[0.9330321550369263]
[0.02320791408419609]
[0.8148757815361023]
[0.04700816050171852]
[0.02825060673058033]
[0.009907810017466545]
[0.014712905511260033]
[0.18527358770370483]
[0.24465201795101166]
[0.35489749908447266]
[0.021137822419404984]
[0.12654507160186768]
[0.13677039742469788]
[1.0641170740127563]
[0.5055649280548096]
[0.17196227610111237]
[0.043651923537254333]
[0.06724828481674194]
[0.04059898480772972]
[0.04427914693951607]
[0.2808445990085602]
[0.9283457398414612]
[0.4056689441204071]
[0.6936696767807007]
[0.3170560896396637]
[0.05954841151833534]
[0.024152744561433792]
[0.019621051847934723]
[0.17149174213409424]
[0.01981901377439499]
[0.011828268878161907]
[3.3455023765563965]
[0.10719578713178635]
[0.014651301316916943]
[0.014863933436572552]
[0.015211964026093483]
[0.019334854558110237]
[0.4488852322101593]
[0.008731798268854618]
[0.24392282962799072]
[1.4582895040512085]
[0.32199886441230774]
[0.5646003484725952]
[4.719804763793945]
[0.0061344243586063385]
[0.02667430229485035]
[0.2091342955827713]
[0.0661650076508522]
[0.3882759213447571]
[0.0054823774844408035]
[0.10186708718538284]
[0.034495655447244644]
[0.2843354344367981]
[0.030369535088539124]
[0.011589583940804005]
[0.01060507632791996]
[0.01387985423207283]
[1.114660620689392]
[0.025053516030311584]
[0.17031392455101013]
[2.0549073219299316]
[0.04319139942526817]
[0.4617384672164917]
[0.008919866755604744]
[1.20156729221344]
[0.015240831300616264]
[0.03197433054447174]
[0.02193666622042656]
[0.02154349721968174]
[0.03419983759522438]
[0.34656471014022827]
[0.43020203709602356]
[0.02365158125758171]
[0.08013179153203964]
[0.005494369193911552]
[1.3334468603134155]
[4.093047142028809]
[4.0015788078308105]
[0.011772220954298973]
[0.13117285072803497]
[0.1268039047718048]
[0.17162901163101196]
[0.02696171961724758]
[0.015158819034695625]
[0.0062225996516644955]
[0.0189635269343853]
[0.013998720794916153]
[0.026688355952501297]
[0.008319087326526642]
[0.01167305838316679]
[0.012307890690863132]
[0.05810706317424774]
[0.016626782715320587]
[1.1083329916000366]
[0.039033204317092896]
[0.012033696286380291]
[0.08743646740913391]
[0.09648918360471725]
[3.8837673664093018]
[0.05475793033838272]
[0.022804005071520805]
[0.0106855109333992]
[5.698943614959717]
[0.031312670558691025]
[0.023999487981200218]
[0.5007577538490295]
[0.030338549986481667]
[0.009820417501032352]
[0.012177933007478714]
[0.005150861106812954]
[1.407096266746521]
[0.008908824063837528]
[0.11778626590967178]
[0.03760915249586105]
[0.015897568315267563]
[0.030872993171215057]
[0.646129846572876]
[0.14060458540916443]
[0.019345318898558617]
[0.05044751614332199]
[11.954179763793945]
[0.030248956754803658]
[0.0199575312435627]
[0.025318656116724014]
[0.15916156768798828]
[0.057139214128255844]
[0.10181913524866104]
[0.0072135054506361485]
[0.3068696856498718]
[0.030066873878240585]
[0.008889365941286087]
[0.009354379028081894]
[0.03822378069162369]
[0.4004574716091156]
[0.4092295467853546]
[0.3420538306236267]
[0.43722373247146606]
[0.7561782598495483]
[2.983550786972046]
[0.018618950620293617]
[0.043243132531642914]
[0.016754809767007828]
[0.39424145221710205]
[0.01289766188710928]
[0.9889902472496033]
[0.010055319406092167]
[0.019569391384720802]
[0.03183994069695473]
[0.4804166853427887]
[0.026385128498077393]
[0.02336779795587063]
[0.027122223749756813]
[0.028584124520421028]
[0.01255746092647314]
[1.752102255821228]
[0.009370490908622742]
[0.008590410463511944]
[0.04413232207298279]
[0.04818945750594139]
[9.43165397644043]
[0.21324104070663452]
[0.061733126640319824]
[0.26307451725006104]
[0.09218618273735046]
[0.011785617098212242]
[0.2839711904525757]
[0.08663518726825714]
[0.05670187622308731]
[0.5822099447250366]
[0.060688406229019165]
[2.3369619846343994]
[0.03205198422074318]
[0.23031993210315704]
[0.09728607535362244]
[0.14523042738437653]
[0.013467060402035713]
[0.18649624288082123]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.12688905000686646]
[0.02539467066526413]
[0.009027069434523582]
[0.6523889899253845]
[0.015218278393149376]
[0.02112148515880108]
[0.10005827993154526]
[0.24434103071689606]
[0.019168976694345474]
[0.037191879004240036]
[0.016532229259610176]
[0.013617314398288727]
[0.30309826135635376]
[0.36143648624420166]
[0.009940022602677345]
[0.011144811287522316]
[0.1496978998184204]
[1.8931050300598145]
[0.008251396007835865]
[0.5544713735580444]
[0.01027929037809372]
[0.018755288794636726]
[0.020087409764528275]
[0.04475288838148117]
[0.02794412523508072]
[0.01598403789103031]
[0.1315108686685562]
[0.010350166819989681]
[0.00986939575523138]
[0.03065924160182476]
[0.6122417449951172]
[0.013782425783574581]
[0.01804192364215851]
[1.2275609970092773]
[0.005948906764388084]
[0.009921165183186531]
[0.9075083136558533]
[0.40790167450904846]
[0.0061936103738844395]
[4.157317638397217]
[0.03208094462752342]
[0.3250516951084137]
[0.00644563976675272]
[0.009654450230300426]
[0.12720665335655212]
[0.013081579469144344]
[0.030687078833580017]
[0.010142488405108452]
[0.008846007287502289]
[0.008210738189518452]
[0.5570253133773804]
[0.012950900942087173]
[0.009095316752791405]
[0.014468729496002197]
[0.02361544594168663]
[0.016292769461870193]
[0.03575785085558891]
[0.3501324951648712]
[0.013159501366317272]
[0.25914466381073]
[0.019638195633888245]
[0.009356931783258915]
[0.03947898745536804]
[0.009356086142361164]
[0.1812855750322342]
[0.008016732521355152]
[0.5797199010848999]
[0.013928801752626896]
[0.13988912105560303]
[0.275471568107605]
[0.03678397461771965]
[0.013922031037509441]
[0.517962634563446]
[0.007824743166565895]
[0.4525259733200073]
[0.309976726770401]
[0.009062864817678928]
[0.008650876581668854]
[0.014207703061401844]
[0.3246830403804779]
[0.016760479658842087]
[0.013981102965772152]
[0.8234748244285583]
[0.019425218924880028]
[0.007721850648522377]
[0.8162832856178284]
[0.04712976887822151]
[0.01981249824166298]
[0.6127949953079224]
[0.16618715226650238]
[0.026292454451322556]
[0.010218938812613487]
[0.1342724859714508]
[0.00924618449062109]
[0.00920515600591898]
[0.06091494858264923]
[0.020155873149633408]
[0.013718371279537678]
[0.005680288653820753]
[4.153210639953613]
[0.011320811696350574]
[0.29013070464134216]
[0.06302271038293839]
[0.12702490389347076]
[0.08089537918567657]
[0.020645884796977043]
[0.02052111178636551]
[0.008287238888442516]
[0.13907243311405182]
[0.00870131328701973]
[0.09970001876354218]
[0.08289901912212372]
[0.530265212059021]
[0.006528633181005716]
[15.196292877197266]
[0.009644130244851112]
[0.6149570941925049]
[0.3589667081832886]
[0.008809312246739864]
[0.009947141632437706]
[0.5811214447021484]
[0.8649786114692688]
[0.017400825396180153]
[0.02332421764731407]
[0.029545793309807777]
[5.108536243438721]
[1.1848868131637573]
[0.026103034615516663]
[0.046155840158462524]
[0.023846464231610298]
[0.3294846713542938]
[0.009054016321897507]
[0.009261785075068474]
[2.340916395187378]
[0.018048658967018127]
[0.02252042293548584]
[0.3517696261405945]
[0.010304052382707596]
[0.017361773177981377]
[0.5356846451759338]
[0.023355895653367043]
[0.4192831814289093]
[0.0052945674397051334]
[0.010159910656511784]
[0.013800429180264473]
[0.009482398629188538]
[0.01761939562857151]
[0.00438377819955349]
[0.1921859234571457]
[1.7301928997039795]
[0.01793363131582737]
[0.009233987890183926]
[0.019230328500270844]
[0.01119106262922287]
[3.1352362632751465]
[0.02005317062139511]
[0.007881306111812592]
[0.012813848443329334]
[0.06754378974437714]
[0.2083560973405838]
[0.009481925517320633]
[0.017919886857271194]
[0.5443421602249146]
[0.3284071683883667]
[0.05141192302107811]
[0.009883295744657516]
[0.029229523614048958]
[0.012743515893816948]
[0.1760895699262619]
[0.0249737910926342]
[5.835058689117432]
[0.006284488830715418]
[0.01543265301734209]
[0.0192689448595047]
[0.021952491253614426]
[0.062130242586135864]
[0.01001405157148838]
[0.010498672723770142]
[0.28291967511177063]
[0.02278921566903591]
[3.167160987854004]
[0.02827122062444687]
[0.009238628670573235]
[0.0086591187864542]
[0.029370177537202835]
[0.008015206083655357]
[0.2454099804162979]
[0.11091412603855133]
[0.008355384692549706]
[0.023734278976917267]
[0.044398192316293716]
[0.03468292951583862]
[0.4974382817745209]
[0.24932223558425903]
[0.07660374790430069]
[0.008112647570669651]
[0.03736134618520737]
[0.013190596364438534]
[1.0400545597076416]
[0.9901483654975891]
[0.2525656223297119]
[0.013513553887605667]
[0.10571452975273132]
[0.6204116344451904]
[0.14900818467140198]
[0.009776069782674313]
[0.0501001738011837]
[3.6455674171447754]
[1.860540509223938]
[0.008178742602467537]
[0.0682043582201004]
[0.014661193825304508]
[0.008310709148645401]
[0.016592901200056076]
[0.029632361605763435]
[0.5034171342849731]
[0.6391944289207458]
[0.10281219333410263]
[0.6936340928077698]
[0.295613557100296]
[0.021650588139891624]
[0.14213386178016663]
[0.03137136995792389]
[0.010880285874009132]
[0.052080441266298294]
[1.6273761987686157]
[0.11759959161281586]
[0.061377353966236115]
[0.016094785183668137]
[0.05442751944065094]
[0.1621629297733307]
[0.015205099247395992]
[0.013078683987259865]
[0.10681971907615662]
[0.03754928335547447]
[0.3060572147369385]
[0.025786057114601135]
[0.01549585908651352]
[0.032778024673461914]
[0.2713182270526886]
[0.020883306860923767]
[1.9763673543930054]
[0.6545854806900024]
[0.0304582379758358]
[0.026032796129584312]
[0.009411729872226715]
[0.4190509021282196]
[0.017123693600296974]
[0.11129521578550339]
[0.3716716766357422]
[0.012903046794235706]
[0.48176100850105286]
[0.9874964356422424]
[0.01663845032453537]
[1.412227749824524]
[1.2354625463485718]
[0.32713499665260315]
[0.036293067038059235]
[0.021328220143914223]
[0.018535437062382698]
[1.7535003423690796]
[0.052842359989881516]
[1.7355072498321533]
[0.04508849233388901]
[0.07976329326629639]
[0.3119744062423706]
[0.021723585203289986]
[0.038050200790166855]
[0.022665390744805336]
[0.2712511122226715]
[0.018918149173259735]
[0.01042209193110466]
[0.18451045453548431]
[0.0728614553809166]
[0.7604705095291138]
[15.356269836425781]
[3.9683926105499268]
[0.012621465139091015]
[0.021012432873249054]
[0.021633632481098175]
[0.028768565505743027]
[0.5339064598083496]
[1.0703017711639404]
[0.020658330991864204]
[0.009675774723291397]
[11.391331672668457]
[0.033536747097969055]
[0.009916368871927261]
[0.4524555206298828]
[0.01732298545539379]
[0.01595253124833107]
[0.007032226771116257]
[0.043479371815919876]
[0.25348764657974243]
[0.009571057744324207]
[0.017663344740867615]
[0.022745871916413307]
[0.009344929829239845]
[0.00936430599540472]
[0.010007578879594803]
[0.021820154041051865]
[0.5013247132301331]
[0.010474189184606075]
[0.783714771270752]
[0.01614370569586754]
[0.013345926068723202]
[0.019753240048885345]
[0.1872938871383667]
[0.007007496897131205]
[0.015659986063838005]
[0.013842671178281307]
[0.041113365441560745]
[0.01422043051570654]
[3.2103054523468018]
[0.565131425857544]
[0.015545498579740524]
[5.534709453582764]
[0.006976240314543247]
[0.014111481606960297]
[0.009776649065315723]
[0.017350638285279274]
[0.021649878472089767]
[0.020891444757580757]
[0.03109404817223549]
[0.009422339498996735]
[0.08170227706432343]
[0.028138354420661926]
[0.005203180480748415]
[1.8986144065856934]
[0.013428401201963425]
[0.009855506010353565]
[0.012776855379343033]
[0.011458990164101124]
[1.3694891929626465]
[0.01063674408942461]
[0.7932215332984924]
[0.032381363213062286]
[0.008133459836244583]
[0.010926522314548492]
[0.03931436687707901]
[0.02585262805223465]
[0.055708955973386765]
[0.01327765267342329]
[0.008871707133948803]
[9.356355667114258]
[2.6149349212646484]
[0.07815073430538177]
[0.014492904767394066]
[0.9136443138122559]
[0.17751958966255188]
[0.027009837329387665]
[8.251466751098633]
[0.011551570147275925]
[0.3424818515777588]
[0.5500317215919495]
[0.017499342560768127]
[0.04946044832468033]
[0.057219263166189194]
[0.017573973163962364]
[4.787508487701416]
[0.01853104494512081]
[0.08042539656162262]
[0.012274635024368763]
[0.27593743801116943]
[0.01037832535803318]
[0.09505190700292587]
[0.00977287720888853]
[1.648352861404419]
[0.010255618952214718]
[0.5912970304489136]
[0.0834980458021164]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.02120947651565075]
[0.045680731534957886]
[1.4829002618789673]
[0.0071066743694245815]
[0.2945370674133301]
[0.009974398650228977]
[0.006191812921315432]
[0.015661485493183136]
[9.63168716430664]
[0.011547583155333996]
[0.018453363329172134]
[3.809854745864868]
[0.5310956835746765]
[0.011201617307960987]
[0.03282386437058449]
[0.017013998702168465]
[0.03450334444642067]
[0.02514825016260147]
[0.01094184722751379]
[0.13398995995521545]
[0.018240349367260933]
[0.01984204351902008]
[0.05516340211033821]
[0.12414652109146118]
[1.2176522016525269]
[0.9312111139297485]
[4.856910228729248]
[0.22613544762134552]
[0.006841316819190979]
[0.007941353134810925]
[0.19811540842056274]
[0.08342204242944717]
[0.013753597624599934]
[0.022057505324482918]
[0.02276596613228321]
[0.8476524353027344]
[0.13398052752017975]
[0.008781220763921738]
[0.011350964196026325]
[0.01170175801962614]
[0.011109680868685246]
[0.008931665681302547]
[0.011215903796255589]
[0.04520607367157936]
[0.007455369457602501]
[0.10222026705741882]
[0.009301044046878815]
[0.012617252767086029]
[0.013833587057888508]
[0.8889825344085693]
[0.3421154022216797]
[0.01760142855346203]
[0.1291549652814865]
[0.03838702663779259]
[0.015962131321430206]
[0.02889939583837986]
[0.04012368619441986]
[0.007398298010230064]
[0.8778225183486938]
[0.03141414746642113]
[0.5207483768463135]
[0.03714778646826744]
[4.036018371582031]
[0.021115148440003395]
[0.012596688233315945]
[0.01368739828467369]
[0.020915327593684196]
[0.010932814329862595]
[0.01820666715502739]
[0.011234376579523087]
[0.027029389515519142]
[5.274325370788574]
[0.026714546605944633]
[0.012322688475251198]
[2.9705612659454346]
[0.016274262219667435]
[2.043280839920044]
[0.009672067128121853]
[0.018973717465996742]
[1.3185374736785889]
[0.018591081723570824]
[0.018041430041193962]
[2.4737253189086914]
[0.23919440805912018]
[1.2429143190383911]
[0.01822817511856556]
[0.013937553390860558]
[0.049063798040151596]
[0.0769740417599678]
[0.08752605319023132]
[0.05616670101881027]
[0.06900660693645477]
[0.015517987310886383]
[0.08244332671165466]
[0.03320657089352608]
[0.016654280945658684]
[0.034341152757406235]
[0.01821202039718628]
[0.04613257572054863]
[0.009402352385222912]
[0.008854790590703487]
[0.08524970710277557]
[0.07725750654935837]
[0.07521461695432663]
[0.009611350484192371]
[0.00946251954883337]
[0.013244790956377983]
[0.010404134169220924]
[0.012326079420745373]
[0.009941080585122108]
[0.33746063709259033]
[0.009900892153382301]
[0.03339541330933571]
[0.008497906848788261]
[0.37942972779273987]
[0.01959502324461937]
[0.2753353714942932]
[0.021272823214530945]
[1.0456342697143555]
[0.206609308719635]
[0.23949895799160004]
[0.2400207370519638]
[0.52100670337677]
[0.011022081598639488]
[0.47920089960098267]
[0.026314130052924156]
[0.01226248499006033]
[0.04148106649518013]
[0.010287553071975708]
[0.2802862226963043]
[0.013235255144536495]
[0.00966569222509861]
[0.24345539510250092]
[0.005834798328578472]
[0.11500858515501022]
[0.5277259349822998]
[0.010668866336345673]
[0.24836212396621704]
[0.008233344182372093]
[0.5181201696395874]
[0.012767151929438114]
[0.00832319725304842]
[0.008324777707457542]
[0.2994256019592285]
[0.6274490356445312]
[1.3328452110290527]
[0.2424904704093933]
[0.006608665455132723]
[0.31769877672195435]
[0.012770341709256172]
[0.014530179090797901]
[0.02073771320283413]
[0.10119769722223282]
[1.7160242795944214]
[0.017257684841752052]
[0.009912842884659767]
[0.028752727434039116]
[0.10138191282749176]
[0.02091529220342636]
[0.010816948488354683]
[0.10404611378908157]
[0.34662505984306335]
[0.7456179857254028]
[0.00571996858343482]
[0.0200548954308033]
[0.28716397285461426]
[0.018543655052781105]
[0.011053450405597687]
[0.019056087359786034]
[0.016660820692777634]
[0.685576856136322]
[0.007101652678102255]
[0.04087359085679054]
[0.010129672475159168]
[0.010622081346809864]
[0.05952831357717514]
[0.016834743320941925]
[0.8615766167640686]
[0.008319877088069916]
[0.01001393236219883]
[0.0222841277718544]
[0.075556181371212]
[0.007382365874946117]
[0.028113950043916702]
[0.010187712498009205]
[0.044451598078012466]
[0.006522352807223797]
[0.04290183633565903]
[0.017056681215763092]
[0.4135300815105438]
[0.020532948896288872]
[0.041265834122896194]
[0.10022245347499847]
[0.05247402563691139]
[0.016480719670653343]
[0.009793613106012344]
[0.4379426836967468]
[0.005620606709271669]
[0.010265021584928036]
[0.24027542769908905]
[0.015133265405893326]
[0.05794554576277733]
[0.013028930872678757]
[0.016392681747674942]
[0.011042146943509579]
[0.014913649298250675]
[0.0175027996301651]
[0.6368886232376099]
[0.03501594439148903]
[0.011135846376419067]
[0.01615096442401409]
[0.008954639546573162]
[0.009135953150689602]
[0.31126245856285095]
[0.12947753071784973]
[0.17849160730838776]
[2.580603837966919]
[0.05464266613125801]
[0.015449787490069866]
[0.004854587372392416]
[0.0209822840988636]
[0.008324607275426388]
[0.05486438795924187]
[0.00955093465745449]
[0.010524213314056396]
[0.0073353988118469715]
[0.1250537782907486]
[0.024627795442938805]
[0.012131142430007458]
[0.08624471724033356]
[0.009838353842496872]
[0.009512612596154213]
[8.699567794799805]
[0.008680480532348156]
[0.005182510707527399]
[0.2508532404899597]
[0.012327363714575768]
[0.029593076556921005]
[0.016234390437602997]
[0.00900012906640768]
[0.009176033549010754]
[0.023984910920262337]
[2.2595107555389404]
[0.011773964390158653]
[0.2366209179162979]
[0.009520827792584896]
[0.008942396380007267]
[0.9554369449615479]
[0.017867624759674072]
[0.009474457241594791]
[0.03637878969311714]
[0.1265627145767212]
[0.02227834053337574]
[0.1245272234082222]
[0.016708098351955414]
[0.010594639927148819]
[5.886712551116943]
[0.27842476963996887]
[0.28826722502708435]
[0.0179141778498888]
[0.03284664452075958]
[0.02301851660013199]
[0.43636706471443176]
[10.322317123413086]
[0.3579973578453064]
[0.008975503034889698]
[0.01094510592520237]
[0.01861533895134926]
[0.01635105349123478]
[0.007417378015816212]
[0.030687538906931877]
[0.04202134907245636]
[0.06525427103042603]
[4.3549065589904785]
[0.10080825537443161]
[0.03261110931634903]
[0.020494982600212097]
[3.208711624145508]
[0.12569460272789001]
[0.014654736965894699]
[0.09854810684919357]
[0.017913024872541428]
[0.008852520026266575]
[0.40041083097457886]
[1.9547888040542603]
[0.118048295378685]
[0.00950066652148962]
[0.07218523323535919]
[0.012122645042836666]
[0.01835213229060173]
[0.032427672296762466]
[0.01279781386256218]
[0.01410731952637434]
[0.015995675697922707]
[0.06091560423374176]
[0.011966245248913765]
[0.05249503254890442]
[0.05531850829720497]
[0.010143395513296127]
[0.4746483266353607]
[0.008742405101656914]
[0.6965473294258118]
[0.009526609443128109]
[0.019967395812273026]
[0.5904247164726257]
[0.07654867321252823]
[0.009046860970556736]
[0.027695419266819954]
[0.008709093555808067]
[0.19880744814872742]
[0.020979711785912514]
[0.05186021700501442]
[0.016879485920071602]
[0.2746146321296692]
[0.5284988284111023]
[7.127538681030273]
[0.017052575945854187]
[0.018608665093779564]
[2.1942858695983887]
[0.035226624459028244]
[0.007841499522328377]
[0.017091358080506325]
[0.010734337382018566]
[0.28504467010498047]
[0.3174363076686859]
[0.09855003654956818]
[1.3577721118927002]
[0.01991117000579834]
[0.09841445833444595]
[0.021834610030055046]
[0.025652069598436356]
[0.007456278428435326]
[2.5517568588256836]
[0.028922753408551216]
[0.12576286494731903]
[6.045408725738525]
[0.5495418906211853]
[0.00942528247833252]
[0.012420245446264744]
[2.066807508468628]
[0.8504429459571838]
[0.017833244055509567]
[0.024161338806152344]
[1.4087541103363037]
[14.033707618713379]
[1.3146198987960815]
[0.311092734336853]
[0.3948787748813629]
[0.027636807411909103]
[0.11951220780611038]
[0.014162564650177956]
[0.0530400387942791]
[0.0827438160777092]
[0.6528388857841492]
[0.008617137558758259]
[0.32358410954475403]
[3.847202777862549]
[0.4731130599975586]
[0.012281655333936214]
[0.016209840774536133]
[0.11744850128889084]
[0.01616554707288742]
[0.0105448542162776]
[0.01527655590325594]
[0.5744104385375977]
[0.2420956790447235]
[0.5561832189559937]
[0.0064251609146595]
[0.016673937439918518]
[0.00807894952595234]
[0.0115962577983737]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.02031639777123928]
[9.812281608581543]
[1.1662238836288452]
[0.07912623882293701]
[0.013984221033751965]
[0.2868848741054535]
[0.13280898332595825]
[0.10601705312728882]
[0.03364373743534088]
[0.09041936695575714]
[0.024817967787384987]
[0.31919199228286743]
[0.047405220568180084]
[0.849101722240448]
[0.013844449073076248]
[0.02763276733458042]
[0.00985915306955576]
[0.02400781586766243]
[0.14289599657058716]
[0.010339481756091118]
[0.09737236797809601]
[0.005938401445746422]
[0.008238516747951508]
[0.00911710038781166]
[72.1298599243164]
[0.10770764201879501]
[0.008382345549762249]
[0.016676735132932663]
[0.4392474293708801]
[0.009991792030632496]
[0.5576961040496826]
[0.03886636346578598]
[0.043500762432813644]
[0.010632085613906384]
[0.6627057790756226]
[0.008729905821383]
[0.16975203156471252]
[1.2281346321105957]
[0.014511811546981335]
[0.016956890001893044]
[0.10590532422065735]
[0.07940779626369476]
[0.014210820198059082]
[0.008111728355288506]
[0.039757244288921356]
[0.040468502789735794]
[0.040436502546072006]
[0.6416012644767761]
[0.09603361785411835]
[0.5352733731269836]
[0.2667108476161957]
[0.03236626461148262]
[0.03235124051570892]
[0.6383073925971985]
[0.009761497378349304]
[0.008927443064749241]
[0.019826402887701988]
[0.007287594024091959]
[0.015288191847503185]
[0.00895879790186882]
[0.017728032544255257]
[0.0488613024353981]
[0.03475400432944298]
[0.013070929795503616]
[1.582704782485962]
[0.02385597862303257]
[0.038670096546411514]
[0.15985116362571716]
[0.5708967447280884]
[0.016886107623577118]
[19.995040893554688]
[0.18823936581611633]
[0.2930562496185303]
[0.03195592015981674]
[0.023630807176232338]
[0.02984423190355301]
[0.49226921796798706]
[0.03722105175256729]
[0.00912491511553526]
[0.008402053266763687]
[0.01312674954533577]
[0.007144339848309755]
[0.08180174231529236]
[0.030772719532251358]
[0.020743854343891144]
[0.07890091836452484]
[0.34816887974739075]
[0.04735458269715309]
[0.2873435318470001]
[0.017071716487407684]
[0.37455764412879944]
[0.2682190239429474]
[0.011046725325286388]
[0.01021008100360632]
[0.050465427339076996]
[0.01025671511888504]
[0.016908178105950356]
[0.009025662206113338]
[0.01189243234694004]
[5.814934253692627]
[0.043179236352443695]
[0.37292611598968506]
[0.517865777015686]
[0.08227387070655823]
[0.36431586742401123]
[0.09864835441112518]
[0.33786463737487793]
[0.01686570607125759]
[0.005550670437514782]
[0.03467607870697975]
[0.7002875804901123]
[0.029641663655638695]
[11.814777374267578]
[0.028507623821496964]
[0.9027330875396729]
[9.807906150817871]
[0.01955726370215416]
[0.01153993047773838]
[0.27878543734550476]
[0.014271012507379055]
[0.08183037489652634]
[0.011320509947836399]
[0.01829649694263935]
[0.06272976845502853]
[0.008700244128704071]
[0.009629735723137856]
[0.019786061719059944]
[0.00994130875915289]
[0.2188725620508194]
[0.009790059179067612]
[0.023064320906996727]
[0.03711598739027977]
[3.7034125328063965]
[5.544636249542236]
[9.566189765930176]
[0.009944424964487553]
[0.014629482291638851]
[0.007374985609203577]
[0.008976273238658905]
[0.028508350253105164]
[0.09297829866409302]
[3.1393115520477295]
[0.1931985318660736]
[1.8670088052749634]
[0.027968592941761017]
[0.13684983551502228]
[0.008443213067948818]
[0.014536529779434204]
[1.1980215311050415]
[0.17213359475135803]
[0.02963750995695591]
[0.06604388356208801]
[0.008804953657090664]
[0.008644457906484604]
[0.061959363520145416]
[3.55430269241333]
[0.015903934836387634]
[0.383676141500473]
[0.010135206393897533]
[0.01884419471025467]
[0.11985938996076584]
[0.025362897664308548]
[0.010586101561784744]
[6.738106727600098]
[0.010199852287769318]
[0.2703639268875122]
[0.6175904273986816]
[9.04813289642334]
[0.010986397042870522]
[0.009027475491166115]
[0.5689372420310974]
[0.009072440676391125]
[0.07201607525348663]
[0.009692871943116188]
[0.09835486114025116]
[0.010599697008728981]
[0.04241317883133888]
[0.010000202804803848]
[0.0744955986738205]
[1.556158185005188]
[0.031418249011039734]
[0.17423824965953827]
[0.016603954136371613]
[0.10602147877216339]
[33.19243240356445]
[0.31967881321907043]
[0.02280186489224434]
[1.1296805143356323]
[0.0676981508731842]
[3.4629528522491455]
[0.615615725517273]
[1.4769620895385742]
[0.05294380336999893]
[15.474712371826172]
[0.5777292847633362]
[1.3722524642944336]
[0.09825042635202408]
[0.009548700414597988]
[0.012013919651508331]
[0.06709205359220505]
[19.420459747314453]
[0.6410120129585266]
[0.011709962040185928]
[0.2673121690750122]
[0.007865475490689278]
[0.03718692809343338]
[0.13051705062389374]
[0.017755599692463875]
[0.009734999388456345]
[0.10953707993030548]
[0.06143892928957939]
[0.579109251499176]
[0.008992538787424564]
[0.018165944144129753]
[0.08930961787700653]
[0.01659214310348034]
[0.06303709745407104]
[0.12977661192417145]
[0.03069707192480564]
[0.13919572532176971]
[0.06876488029956818]
[0.0024262352380901575]
[0.01246890053153038]
[0.21108891069889069]
[1.078397512435913]
[0.010339373722672462]
[0.14687082171440125]
[0.06266067177057266]
[0.22847352921962738]
[0.22796392440795898]
[0.048771072179079056]
[0.10499308258295059]
[0.014748450368642807]
[0.0067381830886006355]
[0.04465783014893532]
[0.3023431897163391]
[0.15116870403289795]
[0.019869936630129814]
[1.9021223783493042]
[0.03077606111764908]
[0.018928825855255127]
[0.01320646796375513]
[0.026288993656635284]
[0.096617691218853]
[0.23952750861644745]
[0.4562014639377594]
[0.0900958925485611]
[0.023306360468268394]
[0.5506702661514282]
[0.02436641976237297]
[0.023724718019366264]
[0.01233632955700159]
[0.036990758031606674]
[0.5509867668151855]
[0.008053351193666458]
[0.008293293416500092]
[0.01976718008518219]
[0.008293846622109413]
[0.5656833052635193]
[0.016796736046671867]
[0.008277771063148975]
[0.025680910795927048]
[0.05310869589447975]
[0.006466379389166832]
[0.015883633866906166]
[1.3949708938598633]
[0.4300633668899536]
[0.008826668374240398]
[0.0208841934800148]
[0.020050808787345886]
[0.01633872650563717]
[0.007117635104805231]
[0.020680515095591545]
[1.0860991477966309]
[0.02558949403464794]
[0.14657127857208252]
[0.016365649178624153]
[0.5291121602058411]
[0.09647032618522644]
[0.11083191633224487]
[0.04373795539140701]
[1.8391433954238892]
[0.027852697297930717]
[0.008874229155480862]
[0.03956708312034607]
[0.045847728848457336]
[0.7059639096260071]
[0.051106225699186325]
[0.010595704428851604]
[0.8986972570419312]
[0.008404569700360298]
[0.0105257797986269]
[0.05439882352948189]
[0.009230205789208412]
[4.536592483520508]
[0.3014977276325226]
[2.101544141769409]
[0.2624903917312622]
[1.3235386610031128]
[0.050892919301986694]
[0.0397721491754055]
[0.04018372669816017]
[0.24217399954795837]
[0.05221293121576309]
[0.009178264997899532]
[0.06498272716999054]
[0.09143435209989548]
[0.03863989934325218]
[0.24075506627559662]
[0.006081272382289171]
[0.015354419127106667]
[0.010578610934317112]
[0.09883713722229004]
[3.3485002517700195]
[0.056179266422986984]
[0.015081298537552357]
[0.10291541367769241]
[0.25561758875846863]
[0.4883803427219391]
[0.7697955369949341]
[0.02519831247627735]
[0.09666816890239716]
[0.2695007026195526]
[0.2893522381782532]
[0.005806593224406242]
[0.05346909165382385]
[1.1944657564163208]
[0.23690348863601685]
[0.009144479408860207]
[0.29013946652412415]
[0.008318460546433926]
[0.4602185785770416]
[0.04357673227787018]
[0.036457404494285583]
[0.025225680321455002]
[0.01794019155204296]
[0.04724124073982239]
[0.05841641128063202]
[0.04580876976251602]
[0.009679580107331276]
[0.06265956163406372]
[0.5099635720252991]
[0.008725468069314957]
[0.21588845551013947]
[0.009094372391700745]
[0.1174255907535553]
[0.0095204534009099]
[0.012148265726864338]
[0.015129230916500092]
[2.0259697437286377]
[0.5062679648399353]
[0.01629014126956463]
[2.3599565029144287]
[0.11091456562280655]
[9.618207931518555]
[0.018993251025676727]
[0.011508877389132977]
[0.6750909686088562]
[0.2974279522895813]
[0.06830675154924393]
[17.028759002685547]
[0.025060635060071945]
[0.5403822064399719]
[0.3803221583366394]
[0.40800219774246216]
[0.011836039833724499]
[0.009721660055220127]
[0.1165403202176094]
[0.008642149157822132]
[0.012441911734640598]
[0.08465995639562607]
[0.02074616588652134]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.01113476138561964]
[3.8450818061828613]
[0.017569050192832947]
[0.04067355766892433]
[0.017014488577842712]
[0.04242752119898796]
[0.456150084733963]
[0.667165219783783]
[0.01104176975786686]
[0.11629883944988251]
[0.007898746989667416]
[6.595285415649414]
[0.009648621082305908]
[0.23856611549854279]
[0.5793452262878418]
[0.3180517256259918]
[0.09861285984516144]
[0.01379059161990881]
[0.025158686563372612]
[0.023674016818404198]
[0.10534173250198364]
[0.42232993245124817]
[1.396552562713623]
[0.4038689136505127]
[0.017252586781978607]
[0.15693128108978271]
[0.06496019661426544]
[0.02533062919974327]
[0.1746368408203125]
[0.011024854145944118]
[0.0465371310710907]
[0.008892816491425037]
[0.011820066720247269]
[0.00891060195863247]
[0.01522194966673851]
[0.10764435678720474]
[0.01404001098126173]
[0.109854556620121]
[0.019087962806224823]
[0.009054560214281082]
[0.3972650170326233]
[0.010435603559017181]
[0.009447591379284859]
[1.3840728998184204]
[0.020369865000247955]
[0.009443513117730618]
[0.09851709008216858]
[1.1734117269515991]
[0.009624071419239044]
[0.31161442399024963]
[0.009027807973325253]
[0.25115907192230225]
[0.02357371896505356]
[0.012166854925453663]
[0.011717382818460464]
[0.01147001888602972]
[0.011076519265770912]
[0.02171912230551243]
[0.043453458696603775]
[0.023229587823152542]
[0.018229754641652107]
[0.007686331402510405]
[4.510161876678467]
[0.00926950853317976]
[0.18954747915267944]
[1.9357000589370728]
[0.010627323761582375]
[0.022452455013990402]
[0.035441212356090546]
[0.019213637337088585]
[0.012712386436760426]
[0.008887618780136108]
[1.3456206321716309]
[0.018848365172743797]
[0.03057059273123741]
[0.012270493432879448]
[1.109236240386963]
[0.009524686262011528]
[0.008756590075790882]
[0.008244230411946774]
[0.007721462287008762]
[0.02838071435689926]
[0.029080696403980255]
[0.012127666734158993]
[0.5516158938407898]
[3.8058173656463623]
[0.020645922049880028]
[0.7446889281272888]
[0.3588804602622986]
[0.06247160583734512]
[0.00927709136158228]
[0.01614733599126339]
[0.2575390338897705]
[0.017047274857759476]
[0.02429414913058281]
[0.011017651297152042]
[0.6442658305168152]
[0.24302276968955994]
[0.013564464636147022]
[0.022767363116145134]
[0.02106441929936409]
[0.008660064078867435]
[0.3066466450691223]
[2.0060555934906006]
[0.11098040640354156]
[0.008686155080795288]
[0.013888613320887089]
[0.02066052518785]
[0.009429092518985271]
[0.7034890055656433]
[0.08236411958932877]
[0.018218012526631355]
[0.024317709729075432]
[0.009392092004418373]
[0.5193309187889099]
[0.006632364355027676]
[0.2996578514575958]
[0.012512951157987118]
[0.021449463441967964]
[0.0990796759724617]
[0.10673420876264572]
[0.03989170491695404]
[0.016427217051386833]
[0.01597285084426403]
[0.009905030950903893]
[0.008659102953970432]
[0.6219779253005981]
[0.06423237919807434]
[0.0065217530354857445]
[0.015339522622525692]
[6.2399468421936035]
[0.00876561924815178]
[0.008760075084865093]
[0.3671792149543762]
[0.24076467752456665]
[0.008881328627467155]
[0.022971637547016144]
[0.010650893673300743]
[0.00971211027354002]
[0.3727964758872986]
[0.009214404039084911]
[0.016023965552449226]
[0.011433281004428864]
[0.01728665828704834]
[0.00912744365632534]
[0.029187582433223724]
[0.11930977553129196]
[0.021327897906303406]
[0.008918463252484798]
[0.006099173333495855]
[0.011112927459180355]
[0.3045881986618042]
[1.8938124179840088]
[0.008858736604452133]
[0.008714139461517334]
[0.5262256264686584]
[0.01365082710981369]
[0.12747152149677277]
[0.22862665355205536]
[0.365348219871521]
[0.10261194407939911]
[0.008622226305305958]
[8.843502044677734]
[0.01855245791375637]
[0.01857016235589981]
[0.02424805425107479]
[0.016582336276769638]
[0.01603807881474495]
[0.01978888362646103]
[0.022924762219190598]
[0.40959858894348145]
[0.7549771070480347]
[0.04451367259025574]
[0.03454173728823662]
[0.3249185085296631]
[0.5743258595466614]
[0.012118992395699024]
[0.8675385117530823]
[0.010531439445912838]
[0.010314243845641613]
[0.03549216687679291]
[0.0230890940874815]
[0.013490486890077591]
[0.4033041298389435]
[0.6034059524536133]
[0.009071577340364456]
[0.02552448958158493]
[0.5139307975769043]
[0.00891575962305069]
[0.014554833993315697]
[0.35958048701286316]
[0.09935647249221802]
[0.28667107224464417]
[0.06166134029626846]
[0.06124068796634674]
[0.013126726262271404]
[0.019188325852155685]
[0.008890076540410519]
[0.010357583872973919]
[0.08177607506513596]
[0.021694160997867584]
[0.014948585070669651]
[0.16695915162563324]
[0.017178576439619064]
[1.5257573127746582]
[0.009196091443300247]
[0.015511531382799149]
[0.008448299020528793]
[0.3426194489002228]
[1.5706758499145508]
[1.1197909116744995]
[0.0095896665006876]
[0.009948471561074257]
[0.019338218495249748]
[0.010241576470434666]
[0.010378723964095116]
[0.017335155978798866]
[0.019905302673578262]
[0.009386707097291946]
[0.0140236159786582]
[0.03778636455535889]
[0.009593984112143517]
[0.1650231033563614]
[0.008994649164378643]
[0.05671080946922302]
[0.036034222692251205]
[0.017474861815571785]
[0.09132027626037598]
[0.25611355900764465]
[0.6881005764007568]
[0.006054150406271219]
[0.02109324187040329]
[0.015525135211646557]
[0.4474884867668152]
[0.01572399213910103]
[0.007158380001783371]
[0.011251863092184067]
[0.025745565071702003]
[0.12868797779083252]
[0.5767446756362915]
[0.015743108466267586]
[0.07021951675415039]
[1.0012319087982178]
[0.6980201005935669]
[0.049036163836717606]
[0.03073524497449398]
[0.016162121668457985]
[0.6024680733680725]
[0.34506285190582275]
[0.2819279432296753]
[0.010360324755311012]
[0.011798535473644733]
[0.01308427657932043]
[0.01092616654932499]
[0.009986930526793003]
[0.040392156690359116]
[0.00933571346104145]
[1.1605201959609985]
[0.009722459129989147]
[0.00886970479041338]
[0.008867243304848671]
[0.017443273216485977]
[0.02331739105284214]
[0.011976058594882488]
[0.006916014477610588]
[0.01678738370537758]
[0.008845074102282524]
[1.4674692153930664]
[0.014423427172005177]
[0.009342897683382034]
[0.007304673083126545]
[0.01898721605539322]
[0.015824750065803528]
[0.014487374573946]
[0.018553584814071655]
[0.01231792476028204]
[0.010682038962841034]
[0.6115614175796509]
[0.035995323210954666]
[3.6024351119995117]
[0.01721135526895523]
[0.25527486205101013]
[0.10014098137617111]
[0.009453929960727692]
[0.00945838913321495]
[0.01199302077293396]
[0.011822658590972424]
[1.6329345703125]
[0.021166052669286728]
[0.8972737789154053]
[0.3964250087738037]
[0.03161906823515892]
[0.005261301528662443]
[0.48990750312805176]
[0.11410793662071228]
[1.0793871879577637]
[0.05065670609474182]
[0.007679814472794533]
[4.671890735626221]
[0.4277351498603821]
[0.05036611109972]
[0.01764005608856678]
[0.01295297872275114]
[0.36563605070114136]
[0.010272587649524212]
[0.009070005267858505]
[0.39967820048332214]
[0.0118188401684165]
[1.2481300830841064]
[0.005678717512637377]
[0.011877771466970444]
[0.009540367871522903]
[0.009405289776623249]
[0.01145144086331129]
[0.007475803606212139]
[0.12144914269447327]
[0.10050339996814728]
[0.01059667021036148]
[0.013952805660665035]
[0.4850858747959137]
[0.010522671975195408]
[0.03910880163311958]
[0.023072531446814537]
[3.364696979522705]
[0.010833615437150002]
[0.009377728216350079]
[0.008327776566147804]
[2.459825038909912]
[0.009417301043868065]
[0.2622760832309723]
[0.25596606731414795]
[0.10045476257801056]
[0.008612075820565224]
[0.0070146070793271065]
[0.09967176616191864]
[9.699243545532227]
[0.04744172468781471]
[0.24830098450183868]
[0.5750458836555481]
[0.03286391869187355]
[0.011382941156625748]
[0.25283730030059814]
[3.144327163696289]
[0.032401081174612045]
[0.10429646819829941]
[0.31030285358428955]
[1.1145353317260742]
[0.050875984132289886]
[0.20409449934959412]
[0.00484868511557579]
[0.020107269287109375]
[0.00845280196517706]
[0.08133594691753387]
[0.0076124477200210094]
[0.008922145701944828]
[0.010378139093518257]
[0.00893133319914341]
[0.4583933353424072]
[1.2476778030395508]
[0.012013315223157406]
[0.7100675702095032]
[1.3638283014297485]
[0.009305711835622787]
[0.015220795758068562]
[1.2025281190872192]
[0.03209119662642479]
[0.01055949367582798]
[0.011054438538849354]
[0.0134307611733675]
[0.012350584380328655]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[0.01805945113301277]
[0.012523739598691463]
[0.01621251180768013]
[0.008450156077742577]
[0.0604839026927948]
[0.024480657652020454]
[0.016288558021187782]
[0.1045527383685112]
[0.026992756873369217]
[0.01478419080376625]
[0.015132211148738861]
[0.011147299781441689]
[0.008260936476290226]
[0.22219541668891907]
[1.3406860828399658]
[0.01036564726382494]
[0.2383241504430771]
[0.008377167396247387]
[0.012032763101160526]
[0.005059742834419012]
[0.01096443459391594]
[0.018529051914811134]
[0.16953639686107635]
[0.017555290833115578]
[0.05638417601585388]
[0.061763253062963486]
[0.016342151910066605]
[0.02088630199432373]
[0.017239755019545555]
[0.007448798976838589]
[0.015802433714270592]
[0.009576651267707348]
[11.921324729919434]
[0.015729814767837524]
[0.009133628569543362]
[0.012704852037131786]
[0.010314207524061203]
[0.011114383116364479]
[0.006080734543502331]
[0.012117807753384113]
[0.009030804969370365]
[0.011206545867025852]
[0.011151688173413277]
[0.00723738269880414]
[0.0055922092869877815]
[1.0319994688034058]
[0.10332716256380081]
[0.2841073274612427]
[8.340483665466309]
[0.008833187632262707]
[8.461755752563477]
[0.3370257616043091]
[0.011658592149615288]
[0.011982684023678303]
[0.010120424441993237]
[0.40768805146217346]
[0.02073470503091812]
[0.009680741466581821]
[0.009685328230261803]
[0.009961823932826519]
[0.7834902405738831]
[0.24964211881160736]
[0.28288716077804565]
[1.2354718446731567]
[0.016774460673332214]
[0.05027259886264801]
[0.05750473961234093]
[10.675793647766113]
[0.10037128627300262]
[4.477683067321777]
[0.017348164692521095]
[0.015364577993750572]
[0.04556205868721008]
[0.03110385127365589]
[0.066434346139431]
[0.9258572459220886]
[0.06446240842342377]
[0.08019798249006271]
[0.03478187322616577]
[0.1438121497631073]
[0.037732213735580444]
[25.466503143310547]
[0.05048680305480957]
[0.025288699194788933]
[0.008765081875026226]
[0.0062511689029634]
[0.04534328356385231]
[0.04297075420618057]
[0.028489915654063225]
[0.017821943387389183]
[0.03252090513706207]
[0.05876090005040169]
[0.15201815962791443]
[0.06334995478391647]
[0.013275966979563236]
[0.6173499822616577]
[0.2090407907962799]
[0.017420349642634392]
[0.5856198072433472]
[0.009030568413436413]
[0.08682813495397568]
[28.3929386138916]
[0.008788040839135647]
[0.4089048504829407]
[0.10050074756145477]
[1.3603242635726929]
[0.7687622308731079]
[0.060974329710006714]
[0.018287163227796555]
[1.061106562614441]
[0.008927982300519943]
[0.013599580153822899]
[0.7554588913917542]
[0.06401832401752472]
[0.012192771770060062]
[0.009150254540145397]
[0.2587570250034332]
[0.008330282755196095]
[25.291913986206055]
[0.38588616251945496]
[0.008624196983873844]
[0.5601709485054016]
[0.25580480694770813]
[0.027651585638523102]
[0.03192060813307762]
[0.03600858151912689]
[0.024678019806742668]
[0.008530204184353352]
[0.4564945101737976]
[0.007881369441747665]
[0.021669823676347733]
[0.11089909821748734]
[19.415102005004883]
[0.017193492501974106]
[0.7821349501609802]
[0.38844719529151917]
[0.008944311179220676]
[0.0072430879808962345]
[0.009000477381050587]
[0.39097267389297485]
[0.07345306128263474]
[0.09881573915481567]
[0.01275395043194294]
[0.09654814749956131]
[0.008369158953428268]
[3.8899848461151123]
[0.055259909480810165]
[0.4334474802017212]
[0.05856442451477051]
[0.7183772325515747]
[0.1945892721414566]
[0.09903962910175323]
[0.010546471923589706]
[0.4983481168746948]
[0.009337319992482662]
[0.21594342589378357]
[0.0922623947262764]
[0.6379580497741699]
[3.6597530841827393]
[0.008719121105968952]
[0.01987542398273945]
[0.3301653563976288]
[0.00900634378194809]
[0.362191379070282]
[1.0755951404571533]
[0.010720320045948029]
[0.011733007617294788]
[0.010336590930819511]
[0.03901311382651329]
[1.9538317918777466]
[0.008957562036812305]
[0.010217124596238136]
[0.5201378464698792]
[0.025213265791535378]
[0.015020620077848434]
[0.012988832779228687]
[0.06303145736455917]
[0.009420765563845634]
[0.6978288888931274]
[0.49352848529815674]
[3.6046876907348633]
[0.010313879698514938]
[0.4618331491947174]
[0.022119129076600075]
[0.014409668743610382]
[0.4798213839530945]
[0.6549986004829407]
[0.012157377786934376]
[0.10034018754959106]
[0.06927713751792908]
[0.007790685165673494]
[0.01138689648360014]
[0.011663568206131458]
[0.009645532816648483]
[0.010327151976525784]
[0.03388981521129608]
[0.009678546339273453]
[0.04179762303829193]
[0.009065411984920502]
[0.041414208710193634]
[0.010070625692605972]
[0.026000916957855225]
[0.016149181872606277]
[0.026165546849370003]
[0.009312611073255539]
[0.023115022107958794]
[0.2727894186973572]
[0.93233323097229]
[0.7439431548118591]
[0.010340125299990177]
[0.03498978540301323]
[0.042187467217445374]
[0.01673205941915512]
[0.1357913464307785]
[0.009665608406066895]
[18.901630401611328]
[0.26077815890312195]
[0.007896296679973602]
[1.4177794456481934]
[0.008112836629152298]
[0.03876626491546631]
[0.3533306419849396]
[0.014243776910007]
[0.6516551971435547]
[0.015388415195047855]
[0.6357660889625549]
[0.010311713442206383]
[0.009727280586957932]
[0.9700332880020142]
[13.68157958984375]
[0.009415511041879654]
[0.048357099294662476]
[0.009659301489591599]
[0.007563356310129166]
[0.009382631629705429]
[0.06280859559774399]
[0.01087980903685093]
[0.3600523769855499]
[0.010086475871503353]
[0.04419437795877457]
[0.010244914330542088]
[0.09844348579645157]
[0.07313710451126099]
[0.01325167901813984]
[0.00789952278137207]
[0.011178352870047092]
[0.04606585577130318]
[0.5257954597473145]
[0.09921453148126602]
[0.009838979691267014]
[0.015621810220181942]
[0.4172658920288086]
[0.12619146704673767]
[0.009337157011032104]
[0.0076712314039468765]
[0.425975501537323]
[0.4462544620037079]
[0.008674428798258305]
[0.01034795492887497]
[4.250434398651123]
[0.013712403364479542]
[0.013940480537712574]
[0.010805257596075535]
[0.010643371380865574]
[3.794912099838257]
[0.01004679687321186]
[0.01201854832470417]
[0.02237592451274395]
[0.012330954894423485]
[0.009332828223705292]
[0.02285766415297985]
[0.0982600674033165]
[0.08242260664701462]
[0.02344628795981407]
[0.6302606463432312]
[0.5098420977592468]
[0.009926042519509792]
[8.044548034667969]
[0.1228446513414383]
[0.01138333696871996]
[0.05266033485531807]
[0.009749004617333412]
[0.013779754750430584]
[1.9847911596298218]
[0.009728060103952885]
[1.1209195852279663]
[0.00985630787909031]
[0.011103170923888683]
[0.03810115158557892]
[0.009494537487626076]
[0.010395215824246407]
[0.09858796745538712]
[0.4660548269748688]
[0.01682143658399582]
[0.012431878596544266]
[0.039476178586483]
[0.019937431439757347]
[0.21448862552642822]
[0.009832235984504223]
[24.888500213623047]
[6.088377475738525]
[0.49077755212783813]
[0.006141067948192358]
[3.1277847290039062]
[0.0273397546261549]
[0.021892353892326355]
[0.4274468719959259]
[0.009301657788455486]
[0.3362475633621216]
[0.03805393725633621]
[0.7753093838691711]
[0.042734984308481216]
[0.03512585163116455]
[0.010385718196630478]
[0.010155712254345417]
[0.010882025584578514]
[0.009829424321651459]
[0.020198455080389977]
[0.009875155054032803]
[0.17650121450424194]
[2.8168532848358154]
[1.9770680665969849]
[0.0835474506020546]
[0.008315297774970531]
[0.007133216131478548]
[0.025578124448657036]
[0.0836569294333458]
[0.012905707582831383]
[0.05789635702967644]
[0.013808979652822018]
[0.01861446537077427]
[0.43356606364250183]
[0.06197759136557579]
[0.48570454120635986]
[0.005235975608229637]
[0.055012475699186325]
[0.036907684057950974]
[0.09908433258533478]
[0.6417258977890015]
[0.009828849695622921]
[0.013288816437125206]
[0.005404632538557053]
[0.010145463980734348]
[0.015408298932015896]
[51.91374206542969]
[0.04133392870426178]
[0.03960706293582916]
[0.04209744930267334]
[0.4002557396888733]
[0.14843374490737915]
[0.010530492290854454]
[2.212381601333618]
[0.18014582991600037]
[0.5452764630317688]
[0.03849893435835838]
[0.017095206305384636]
[0.13141284883022308]
[0.010221499018371105]
[0.07564470171928406]
[2.3871970176696777]
[1.7942516803741455]
[17.940885543823242]
[4.350137710571289]
[0.09933751821517944]
[0.0102519067004323]
[2.1181578636169434]
[0.5319182872772217]
[0.09648022800683975]
[0.44794848561286926]
[1.8014127016067505]
[0.1144142597913742]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created

[0.15370431542396545]
[0.01974920928478241]
[0.017978869378566742]
[4.438709735870361]
[0.8311139941215515]
[0.005770696327090263]
[1.189089059829712]
[4.851715564727783]
[0.4893249571323395]
[0.7843010425567627]
[0.021604023873806]
[0.19301646947860718]
[0.027297010645270348]
[0.008685972541570663]
[0.00907215941697359]
[0.3282701373100281]
[0.011068415828049183]
[0.04056944325566292]
[0.07004234194755554]
[0.09704013168811798]
[0.4451761245727539]
[0.09987764060497284]
[0.0338142067193985]
[1.172488808631897]
[0.03678072988986969]
[0.05872417613863945]
[0.08266738802194595]
[0.25933143496513367]
[0.6229093670845032]
[0.1404726654291153]
[0.099266417324543]
[0.8915457725524902]
[0.0929357260465622]
[0.009177937172353268]
[0.06864874064922333]
[0.13043361902236938]
[0.19172216951847076]
[0.6389596462249756]
[0.14196772873401642]
[0.4052070379257202]
[0.24275988340377808]
[0.002926311455667019]
[0.02603224292397499]
[0.010334744118154049]
[0.1070941612124443]
[0.007699321024119854]
[0.12032921612262726]
[0.09581746906042099]
[0.06658909469842911]
[0.09647802263498306]
[0.0914657860994339]
[0.08618225157260895]
[0.037795357406139374]
[0.03930399566888809]
[0.14254458248615265]
[0.034418050199747086]
[0.008233588188886642]
[42.2120475769043]
[0.007545038592070341]
[4.122882843017578]
[0.007806628942489624]
[0.008144092746078968]
[0.411943256855011]
[1.135306477546692]
[0.008626985363662243]
[38.492210388183594]
[0.545314371585846]
[0.09469438344240189]
[0.7352859973907471]
[1.5796022415161133]
[3.094191074371338]
[0.9924190640449524]
[0.1416935920715332]
[0.4881332516670227]
[0.3891688585281372]
[0.004537260625511408]
[0.00970285851508379]
[0.07925999909639359]
[0.022410955280065536]
[1.2565221786499023]
[0.1396392285823822]
[0.09992320835590363]
[0.008472486399114132]
[0.028168804943561554]
[0.09609122574329376]
[0.022046593949198723]
[0.019275009632110596]
[0.00927977915853262]
[0.007706550415605307]
[0.017068838700652122]
[0.013007581233978271]
[3.1656177043914795]
[0.008278090506792068]
[0.022274211049079895]
[0.2426627278327942]
[0.019545087590813637]
[0.5326045751571655]
[8.795066833496094]
[0.008762075565755367]
[0.07237463444471359]
[0.008085574954748154]
[0.012349355965852737]
[0.913926362991333]
[1.1181340217590332]
[2.451133966445923]
[0.01051553338766098]
[0.008684947155416012]
[0.05134608596563339]
[0.10814902186393738]
[0.008248500525951385]
[0.009210566990077496]
[0.06350290775299072]
[0.006864133290946484]
[0.2001664787530899]
[0.4411788582801819]
[0.0904906690120697]
[0.02571289613842964]
[0.07938428223133087]
[0.008460810407996178]
[0.009750070981681347]
[0.09577352553606033]
[0.00791611336171627]
[0.007833626121282578]
[0.237572580575943]
[0.008498870767652988]
[0.49121055006980896]
[0.09123165160417557]
[0.008390557952225208]
[0.07506129145622253]
[0.09623371064662933]
[0.07928244769573212]
[0.11542759835720062]
[0.045795392245054245]
[0.09938313812017441]
[0.008943886496126652]
[0.5487874746322632]
[0.06223267689347267]
[0.05310935154557228]
[0.10377910733222961]
[0.6551690101623535]
[0.0977967232465744]
[0.1647411286830902]
[0.09548409283161163]
[0.3507140278816223]
[0.06325871497392654]
[0.6972026228904724]
[0.9120804667472839]
[0.10867228358983994]
[0.0126807214692235]
[0.045580677688121796]
[0.08299605548381805]
[0.008846954442560673]
[0.2722495198249817]
[0.009223219938576221]
[0.04749598354101181]
[0.475205659866333]
[0.45002418756484985]
[0.008116708137094975]
[0.7566855549812317]
[0.33944007754325867]
[0.03919343650341034]
[0.050586048513650894]
[0.07374224811792374]
[1.3834311962127686]
[0.05686075985431671]
[0.20506906509399414]
[0.035836026072502136]
[0.08668114989995956]
[10.694026947021484]
[0.03293812274932861]
[0.09644211828708649]
[0.18259291350841522]
[0.6208396553993225]
[0.025639157742261887]
[0.2990899980068207]
[0.012430166825652122]
[0.21007360517978668]
[0.3005267083644867]
[0.008434058167040348]
[1.088043451309204]
[0.5227146148681641]
[0.06353110074996948]
[0.7801387906074524]
[0.2566279172897339]
[0.009076672606170177]
[0.19058308005332947]
[0.6239800453186035]
[0.05191302299499512]
[0.023171328008174896]
[44.541229248046875]
[0.11697087436914444]
[0.2438684105873108]
[0.11181428283452988]
[0.13784664869308472]
[0.009755712002515793]
[0.006172237452119589]
[1.0125703811645508]
[0.6019140481948853]
[0.23500971496105194]
[0.006228321231901646]
[0.11490655690431595]
[0.3092181086540222]
[0.01464090496301651]
[0.3556893467903137]
[0.1785619854927063]
[0.03697900474071503]
[0.2359658181667328]
[0.11239746958017349]
[0.10658396780490875]
[0.011544785462319851]
[0.011443824507296085]
[0.10649942606687546]
[0.09023557603359222]
[0.3481430411338806]
[0.03715039789676666]
[1.2641810178756714]
[3.019832134246826]
[0.3016357719898224]
[0.010040130466222763]
[1.067705512046814]
[1.017221450805664]
[0.10208433121442795]
[0.5705608129501343]
[0.010933577083051205]
[1.1903842687606812]
[0.010114599019289017]
[0.0428457036614418]
[0.14936459064483643]
[0.00843135081231594]
[0.04987997189164162]
[0.05820409208536148]
[0.10051893442869186]
[0.015101533383131027]
[0.3674035966396332]
[0.0092237563803792]
[0.015732930973172188]
[0.04184441268444061]
[3.907252311706543]
[0.10022683441638947]
[0.15159888565540314]
[0.012508238665759563]
[0.049466922879219055]
[0.007324422709643841]
[0.029666228219866753]
[0.024926722049713135]
[0.01978229731321335]
[0.04062333703041077]
[0.4413401484489441]
[0.3221636116504669]
[0.4630957841873169]
[0.02692466229200363]
[0.011115933768451214]
[0.1375301033258438]
[0.016477514058351517]
[0.016162944957613945]
[5.169824600219727]
[0.010326895862817764]
[0.2508198022842407]
[0.07538245618343353]
[0.5109556913375854]
[0.02478640340268612]
[0.06455712020397186]
[1.253068208694458]
[0.012157171964645386]
[0.5990294218063354]
[0.24902214109897614]
[0.010166260413825512]
[0.032818637788295746]
[0.012288072146475315]
[0.7888187170028687]
[0.05888640880584717]
[7.01158332824707]
[0.453580766916275]
[0.010707945562899113]
[1.0687047243118286]
[0.005810299888253212]
[0.037706825882196426]
[0.2528728246688843]
[0.011797526851296425]
[0.08934584259986877]
[0.045433592051267624]
[0.012150829657912254]
[0.01210957020521164]
[0.04217782989144325]
[0.012209122069180012]
[0.03629157319664955]
[0.04152708873152733]
[0.01072335708886385]
[21.804555892944336]
[0.7770042419433594]
[0.024015991017222404]
[0.005101108457893133]
[0.01231260783970356]
[0.011971443891525269]
[0.39173653721809387]
[0.4094582796096802]
[0.028544330969452858]
[0.010934255085885525]
[0.01068032905459404]
[0.010803167708218098]
[0.03368137776851654]
[0.007249929942190647]
[0.012428874149918556]
[0.101511649787426]
[0.023670699447393417]
[1.0640976428985596]
[0.006776841823011637]
[0.006793641485273838]
[0.12163710594177246]
[0.026564843952655792]
[0.311175137758255]
[0.4237920343875885]
[0.24011333286762238]
[0.02682415395975113]
[3.1620545387268066]
[0.5070215463638306]
[3.2979061603546143]
[1.8640458583831787]
[0.6187394857406616]
[0.023851780220866203]
[0.01645798422396183]
[0.009670251049101353]
[0.04584544524550438]
[0.004739739466458559]
[0.01516573317348957]
[0.013109635561704636]
[0.023764437064528465]
[0.10223732143640518]
[0.04078839719295502]
[0.011794548481702805]
[0.02938167378306389]
[0.4141971468925476]
[0.17620281875133514]
[0.030565176159143448]
[0.0343753844499588]
[0.0655888095498085]
[0.03166196122765541]
[0.044767431914806366]
[0.2539235055446625]
[2.8798937797546387]
[0.46400517225265503]
[0.39737769961357117]
[0.050357889384031296]
[0.01682439260184765]
[0.010354573838412762]
[0.0715411975979805]
[0.020984461531043053]
[0.2246667444705963]
[0.016637710854411125]
[0.011284747160971165]
[0.015126818791031837]
[0.4986061453819275]
[0.011613048613071442]
[0.010318699292838573]
[0.010767650790512562]
[0.04938072711229324]
[0.7707507610321045]
[0.006769158411771059]
[0.010454555973410606]
[0.554395854473114]
[0.013144531287252903]
[0.008443607948720455]
[0.004854858387261629]
[0.603352427482605]
[0.6189072728157043]
[0.01356248278170824]
[0.0103864511474967]
[0.012069318443536758]
[0.010616142302751541]
[0.010638373903930187]
[0.01046749111264944]
[0.019458141177892685]
[1.0962159633636475]
[0.27707526087760925]
[0.012211313471198082]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.10263422876596451]
[0.04647212475538254]
[0.10068611055612564]
[11.231803894042969]
[0.27969348430633545]
[0.17829705774784088]
[0.0077044423669576645]
[0.016045549884438515]
[0.011405064724385738]
[0.19853092730045319]
[0.05411612614989281]
[0.01710376888513565]
[0.1019948199391365]
[0.01021076925098896]
[0.02412715181708336]
[0.46117302775382996]
[0.011322728358209133]
[0.016323473304510117]
[0.011932787485420704]
[0.5261304378509521]
[0.028383789584040642]
[0.4019675850868225]
[0.010186166502535343]
[0.3269365429878235]
[0.016676122322678566]
[0.011655899696052074]
[0.12725156545639038]
[0.2757047414779663]
[0.20477613806724548]
[0.07109734416007996]
[0.03593774884939194]
[2.5053601264953613]
[0.3107892572879791]
[0.8632627129554749]
[0.010891753248870373]
[0.2564908266067505]
[0.08508995175361633]
[0.011768613010644913]
[0.00508047454059124]
[0.4201856851577759]
[0.018721211701631546]
[0.014763533137738705]
[0.004899165593087673]
[0.018437430262565613]
[0.1053539291024208]
[0.016411660239100456]
[0.05964565649628639]
[0.024303164333105087]
[4.194807529449463]
[0.012521803379058838]
[0.013146979734301567]
[0.3421151638031006]
[0.012177492491900921]
[0.016313564032316208]
[2.6329195499420166]
[0.020983953028917313]
[0.5439042448997498]
[0.014929482713341713]
[0.012028684839606285]
[0.011275998316705227]
[0.011006253771483898]
[0.011286403052508831]
[0.01199560146778822]
[0.013683103024959564]
[0.5773102045059204]
[0.011185701936483383]
[0.01078935619443655]
[1.118547797203064]
[0.012220140546560287]
[0.10700161755084991]
[0.015491349622607231]
[0.2546501159667969]
[0.8274873495101929]
[0.8514783978462219]
[0.08094780147075653]
[0.16555075347423553]
[0.010797363705933094]
[0.005834358744323254]
[0.011679094284772873]
[0.21421419084072113]
[0.01364191621541977]
[0.008220888674259186]
[0.018347613513469696]
[0.014356550760567188]
[0.01304774172604084]
[0.007033573463559151]
[0.006955839227885008]
[0.006834714207798243]
[0.7473517656326294]
[0.2454371303319931]
[0.010716801509261131]
[0.24735023081302643]
[0.010710134170949459]
[0.4453186094760895]
[0.013050353154540062]
[0.012939455918967724]
[0.010789300315082073]
[0.016828464344143867]
[0.942883312702179]
[0.26984959840774536]
[0.01168020348995924]
[0.011532263830304146]
[0.01141392346471548]
[0.010787444189190865]
[0.01683633401989937]
[0.04975834861397743]
[0.010837181471288204]
[0.10675133764743805]
[0.8005722761154175]
[0.011522319167852402]
[0.00858544185757637]
[0.049740105867385864]
[2.3696067333221436]
[0.020011086016893387]
[0.008568551391363144]
[0.010949481278657913]
[0.10436227917671204]
[0.22340436279773712]
[0.3666102886199951]
[31.842548370361328]
[0.03165436163544655]
[0.4362525939941406]
[0.1041194349527359]
[0.060239892452955246]
[0.01717776246368885]
[0.012637244537472725]
[0.007172229699790478]
[0.6059994697570801]
[0.017473431304097176]
[0.023686213418841362]
[0.019862616434693336]
[0.015712162479758263]
[0.008058502338826656]
[0.6856887936592102]
[0.2535628080368042]
[2.778738021850586]
[0.020967993885278702]
[0.45292767882347107]
[0.02623175084590912]
[0.25561076402664185]
[0.10004306584596634]
[0.028482895344495773]
[0.012003378011286259]
[0.01987564004957676]
[1.1185868978500366]
[0.28509417176246643]
[0.015285742469131947]
[0.014815937727689743]
[0.2534625828266144]
[0.032053086906671524]
[0.012972504831850529]
[0.029531490057706833]
[0.4362756013870239]
[0.014663290232419968]
[0.010969817638397217]
[0.6103643774986267]
[0.014010651037096977]
[0.006823863834142685]
[0.010897711850702763]
[0.8509429097175598]
[0.01630399562418461]
[0.012065939605236053]
[0.03253321349620819]
[0.2769341766834259]
[0.4101344645023346]
[0.049117475748062134]
[5.008001804351807]
[0.009877068921923637]
[0.017964152619242668]
[0.022727634757757187]
[0.020810065791010857]
[0.10091560333967209]
[0.10198397934436798]
[0.009754187427461147]
[1.5720306634902954]
[0.02017875388264656]
[1.9772329330444336]
[0.00977306067943573]
[0.010609544813632965]
[0.010968449525535107]
[0.010440060868859291]
[3.4671454429626465]
[4.059450626373291]
[0.10531249642372131]
[0.015379514545202255]
[0.009331022389233112]
[3.216170072555542]
[0.779163122177124]
[0.01044437289237976]
[3.607935905456543]
[0.16681237518787384]
[0.014080751687288284]
[0.011113469488918781]
[0.104621022939682]
[0.010433442890644073]
[0.011374673806130886]
[0.010862575843930244]
[0.010606933385133743]
[0.48827826976776123]
[7.040847301483154]
[0.010825404897332191]
[0.009100619703531265]
[12.121847152709961]
[0.011902221478521824]
[0.10488284379243851]
[1.4508655071258545]
[0.010956505313515663]
[0.02978237345814705]
[0.0181436724960804]
[0.3189462721347809]
[0.016006119549274445]
[0.3527308404445648]
[0.8874732851982117]
[0.0064625064842402935]
[0.013522020541131496]
[0.014202553778886795]
[0.011334759183228016]
[0.006977152079343796]
[0.35061386227607727]
[0.008811106905341148]
[0.03949035331606865]
[0.007403291296213865]
[0.16245798766613007]
[0.020827345550060272]
[0.009548664093017578]
[0.010529156774282455]
[6.946078300476074]
[0.008262518793344498]
[0.2561910152435303]
[0.015604754909873009]
[0.10447359830141068]
[0.43367069959640503]
[0.10440148413181305]
[0.9099308252334595]
[0.014637026935815811]
[0.004006499424576759]
[0.009339559823274612]
[1.352128267288208]
[0.011073017492890358]
[0.03969288244843483]
[0.010456746444106102]
[0.096098892390728]
[0.01088632270693779]
[0.010750966146588326]
[11.239521026611328]
[0.02535429038107395]
[0.01354221347719431]
[0.013310880400240421]
[6.07560920715332]
[0.03919459879398346]
[0.38852280378341675]
[0.22407613694667816]
[0.5048595666885376]
[0.2237580120563507]
[0.17587894201278687]
[0.32235732674598694]
[0.10428798943758011]
[0.015556713566184044]
[0.013975595124065876]
[0.049016259610652924]
[0.011378989554941654]
[0.021424351260066032]
[0.010569518432021141]
[0.025221621617674828]
[0.23096296191215515]
[0.010530965402722359]
[0.8053560853004456]
[0.010457073338329792]
[1.4468241930007935]
[0.11361592262983322]
[0.8993551135063171]
[0.012515273876488209]
[0.010435180738568306]
[0.010959995910525322]
[0.016806932166218758]
[0.12799707055091858]
[0.010000361129641533]
[0.11949488520622253]
[0.04477926716208458]
[0.00706954300403595]
[0.010799534618854523]
[0.0690670758485794]
[0.010115130804479122]
[0.11263606697320938]
[0.01576220616698265]
[0.009042945690453053]
[0.009777341969311237]
[1.5670437812805176]
[0.010993792675435543]
[0.026547370478510857]
[0.10281889140605927]
[0.532232940196991]
[1.369782567024231]
[0.017594188451766968]
[0.0839049369096756]
[0.0292478296905756]
[0.28248071670532227]
[0.009531181305646896]
[0.10282352566719055]
[0.011438432149589062]
[0.014149559661746025]
[0.1228414848446846]
[0.46375003457069397]
[0.024173405021429062]
[0.03513140603899956]
[0.023778444156050682]
[0.4569825232028961]
[0.01068730279803276]
[0.02944289520382881]
[1.3875982761383057]
[0.017284328117966652]
[0.010853064246475697]
[0.9374966621398926]
[0.014490810222923756]
[0.8464248180389404]
[0.011750918813049793]
[0.012081650085747242]
[0.011601971462368965]
[0.010098692029714584]
[0.10319828987121582]
[0.344046026468277]
[0.01748874969780445]
[0.07686539739370346]
[0.2483406811952591]
[0.0060099707916378975]
[0.026251280680298805]
[2.6458122730255127]
[0.22818392515182495]
[0.014747650362551212]
[3.9517788887023926]
[0.01662854105234146]
[0.010704858228564262]
[1.1513581275939941]
[0.015598587691783905]
[0.17552825808525085]
[0.010859633795917034]
[0.7543705105781555]
[0.3030547797679901]
[0.029408900067210197]
[0.8548567891120911]
[0.03176828473806381]
[0.19884327054023743]
[0.02573382295668125]
[0.006395398173481226]
[0.518001914024353]
[0.006598867941647768]
[0.014136344194412231]
[0.016134075820446014]
[0.007806369103491306]
[0.013363063335418701]
[0.013822430744767189]
[0.006896291859447956]
[1.2385238409042358]
[0.11397439241409302]
[0.02355964668095112]
[0.0491761676967144]
[0.02383451722562313]
[3.7121927738189697]
[0.02418331801891327]
[0.011438773013651371]
[0.006397110875695944]
[0.48422229290008545]
[0.02033252641558647]
[0.38334542512893677]
[0.00886242464184761]
[0.07247885316610336]
[14.135268211364746]
[0.011615403927862644]
[0.010706834495067596]
[0.2364071011543274]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.1815067082643509]
[0.008344953879714012]
[0.008558928966522217]
[11.631867408752441]
[0.018172062933444977]
[0.17670544981956482]
[0.01339976117014885]
[0.012884464114904404]
[0.014219759963452816]
[0.6346131563186646]
[0.010419449768960476]
[1.7332323789596558]
[0.396877259016037]
[0.9865963459014893]
[0.8899927735328674]
[0.44567516446113586]
[0.021701939404010773]
[0.32425639033317566]
[0.010577448643743992]
[0.1040264219045639]
[0.014092623256146908]
[0.008200638927519321]
[0.014722147956490517]
[0.34361064434051514]
[0.032690733671188354]
[0.011088614352047443]
[2.4569039344787598]
[0.01301011722534895]
[0.24060353636741638]
[0.01089654304087162]
[0.013541767373681068]
[0.043722737580537796]
[0.24522317945957184]
[0.013427097350358963]
[0.12858958542346954]
[0.010617326945066452]
[0.37378817796707153]
[0.011570257134735584]
[0.316525936126709]
[0.013754747807979584]
[0.17781232297420502]
[0.10382852703332901]
[0.011199071072041988]
[0.01084320992231369]
[2.333975076675415]
[0.6389015316963196]
[0.28823766112327576]
[0.010578605346381664]
[0.014333410188555717]
[1.1508623361587524]
[0.5718582272529602]
[0.030196910724043846]
[1.0259385108947754]
[0.4865574538707733]
[0.08818895369768143]
[0.006332167889922857]
[0.011651757173240185]
[0.02421335130929947]
[0.00737194437533617]
[0.12808695435523987]
[0.42590945959091187]
[0.027902208268642426]
[0.01879994571208954]
[0.07955940067768097]
[0.03063107654452324]
[0.3125428855419159]
[0.40587207674980164]
[0.3229188024997711]
[0.741939902305603]
[0.018176671117544174]
[2.697997808456421]
[0.030593037605285645]
[0.010892815887928009]
[0.035884980112314224]
[0.15216055512428284]
[0.011792599223554134]
[0.013676806353032589]
[3.5790839195251465]
[0.009226705878973007]
[0.015383286401629448]
[0.01733255572617054]
[0.1400459259748459]
[0.036796241998672485]
[0.01851050741970539]
[0.014486999250948429]
[0.30121472477912903]
[25.783092498779297]
[0.15763846039772034]
[0.2946029603481293]
[0.4571574330329895]
[9.472862243652344]
[0.01166287437081337]
[0.01292599830776453]
[0.006847856566309929]
[0.005925093311816454]
[0.012958631850779057]
[0.029325470328330994]
[0.10411088913679123]
[3.9485931396484375]
[0.0087235476821661]
[0.41359755396842957]
[4.301681041717529]
[27.956838607788086]
[0.4066454768180847]
[0.021819572895765305]
[0.008933144621551037]
[0.49223506450653076]
[0.5007070899009705]
[0.3740210235118866]
[0.014471126720309258]
[0.5003817081451416]
[0.014928954653441906]
[0.06708895415067673]
[0.012638675980269909]
[0.01079520583152771]
[0.008778728544712067]
[0.14030174911022186]
[0.13966159522533417]
[0.1042836382985115]
[0.013635026291012764]
[0.24853216111660004]
[0.0135953389108181]
[0.8227986693382263]
[0.3286148011684418]
[0.01248999871313572]
[0.4253574311733246]
[0.012756011448800564]
[0.10419658571481705]
[0.6149299144744873]
[0.0810256078839302]
[0.015320152044296265]
[0.010220102965831757]
[0.4906180202960968]
[3.3677051067352295]
[0.2915438413619995]
[1.615564227104187]
[0.010636914521455765]
[0.005139229819178581]
[0.013746905140578747]
[0.011260291561484337]
[0.012018604204058647]
[0.015944400802254677]
[0.015013081952929497]
[0.006723431404680014]
[0.014599168673157692]
[0.02849642001092434]
[0.013987221755087376]
[0.014756492339074612]
[1.0224286317825317]
[0.10387302190065384]
[0.19491176307201385]
[0.010868990793824196]
[0.043207596987485886]
[0.01160166785120964]
[0.06288357079029083]
[0.014790921472012997]
[0.01346330251544714]
[0.1255536675453186]
[0.02180134691298008]
[0.011232572607696056]
[0.005170760676264763]
[0.008140013553202152]
[0.01128816232085228]
[0.9578569531440735]
[0.010645958594977856]
[0.003678802167996764]
[0.3266521394252777]
[0.1036958396434784]
[0.00898225698620081]
[0.00837722234427929]
[0.018917405977845192]
[0.016006208956241608]
[0.02115423046052456]
[0.7401098012924194]
[0.023650214076042175]
[0.025773411616683006]
[0.9060514569282532]
[0.012155654840171337]
[0.014084738679230213]
[0.005285454913973808]
[0.0048545775935053825]
[0.015793191269040108]
[1.3346318006515503]
[0.004973185248672962]
[0.014735182747244835]
[0.05513365566730499]
[0.007659276016056538]
[0.01269690040498972]
[0.42981597781181335]
[0.012660602107644081]
[0.6614745259284973]
[0.011174275539815426]
[0.010902677662670612]
[0.010789084248244762]
[0.010739638470113277]
[0.0061767371371388435]
[0.021033184602856636]
[0.46124812960624695]
[0.023520460352301598]
[0.018488388508558273]
[0.024308262392878532]
[0.011462117545306683]
[0.01083321962505579]
[0.015439357608556747]
[0.026319481432437897]
[0.015198173932731152]
[0.011088642291724682]
[0.6023382544517517]
[0.17302143573760986]
[0.012741459533572197]
[0.0977085754275322]
[0.018966570496559143]
[0.22885464131832123]
[0.38511940836906433]
[0.007839917205274105]
[0.012174166738986969]
[0.10356885194778442]
[0.1035497635602951]
[0.01376988273113966]
[0.24938352406024933]
[0.0163777694106102]
[0.9398553967475891]
[0.010011469013988972]
[0.10335288941860199]
[0.031812313944101334]
[0.014177397824823856]
[0.15959011018276215]
[0.18289987742900848]
[0.23267807066440582]
[0.007351829204708338]
[0.019087813794612885]
[0.16701680421829224]
[0.0074180010706186295]
[0.005776199046522379]
[0.016993306577205658]
[1.0719842910766602]
[0.5834997892379761]
[0.010529995895922184]
[0.3737559914588928]
[0.10308942943811417]
[0.010074999183416367]
[0.010859128087759018]
[0.013803895562887192]
[0.31898441910743713]
[0.01484415028244257]
[0.010571981780230999]
[0.4182875454425812]
[0.017905445769429207]
[0.01477103866636753]
[0.012523101642727852]
[0.012447121553122997]
[0.43194690346717834]
[0.5817780494689941]
[0.8135799169540405]
[0.2060484141111374]
[0.011264333501458168]
[0.01405163761228323]
[0.30210423469543457]
[0.01084653940051794]
[0.011612940579652786]
[0.016742980107665062]
[0.011332772672176361]
[0.05011754110455513]
[0.014118680730462074]
[0.0067331744357943535]
[0.022291218861937523]
[0.4817473888397217]
[0.1029152199625969]
[0.732250988483429]
[3.9944164752960205]
[10.822890281677246]
[0.02362211048603058]
[0.21614624559879303]
[0.04610930010676384]
[0.01377156376838684]
[0.35567036271095276]
[0.044494763016700745]
[0.00993628054857254]
[0.2619471848011017]
[0.24260681867599487]
[0.011396488174796104]
[2.6519861221313477]
[0.21991628408432007]
[0.008151760324835777]
[0.00893424078822136]
[0.2003645896911621]
[0.04049412161111832]
[0.015972977504134178]
[0.008003939874470234]
[0.1025884598493576]
[0.006839399226009846]
[0.01050806138664484]
[24.712482452392578]
[0.013851863332092762]
[0.12959839403629303]
[0.015070523135364056]
[0.4572598338127136]
[0.010752451606094837]
[0.27243465185165405]
[0.011326197534799576]
[0.005987913813441992]
[0.016450148075819016]
[0.17170318961143494]
[0.010346716269850731]
[0.013027635402977467]
[0.012408065609633923]
[0.013768427073955536]
[0.5054224729537964]
[0.030450792983174324]
[0.013918288983404636]
[0.010150010697543621]
[0.3261232376098633]
[0.0779666155576706]
[0.01956256665289402]
[0.010407433845102787]
[0.1686449646949768]
[1.4122529029846191]
[0.4239257872104645]
[0.02578468807041645]
[0.012002808973193169]
[0.012392153963446617]
[0.011160028167068958]
[0.661973237991333]
[0.005099922884255648]
[0.038137197494506836]
[0.013460162095725536]
[1.8077683448791504]
[0.005310783162713051]
[0.04179440811276436]
[0.10233381390571594]
[2.755126714706421]
[0.5548577308654785]
[0.1003420278429985]
[0.09052778035402298]
[0.012410782277584076]
[8.637069702148438]
[0.006648731417953968]
[0.004277676809579134]
[0.013617890886962414]
[0.00525672547519207]
[0.10258230566978455]
[0.004308652598410845]
[0.009834620170295238]
[2.559685230255127]
[0.005629491992294788]
[0.011558487080037594]
[1.0503467321395874]
[0.013881913386285305]
[0.015428721904754639]
[0.00517919659614563]
[0.00722776772454381]
[0.0062352935783565044]
[0.012336616404354572]
[0.004670234862715006]
[0.046314287930727005]
[0.04307734966278076]
[0.006580046843737364]
[0.2654012441635132]
[0.006523769348859787]
[0.10245735198259354]
[0.014766016975045204]
[0.49185246229171753]
[0.010460300371050835]
[0.2138078808784485]
[0.011036175303161144]
[0.1266983449459076]
[0.011113795451819897]
[0.020291082561016083]
[0.009067361243069172]
[0.006073229480534792]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.10224798321723938]
[0.03922992944717407]
[0.020048949867486954]
[0.008672276511788368]
[0.020844005048274994]
[0.27426230907440186]
[0.04923047870397568]
[0.38747361302375793]
[0.7398207187652588]
[0.010150300338864326]
[0.010072162374854088]
[0.010833860374987125]
[0.005391555838286877]
[0.7371976971626282]
[1.5499160289764404]
[0.013512831181287766]
[0.019637173041701317]
[0.16884897649288177]
[0.010293325409293175]
[0.01362804789096117]
[0.010161236859858036]
[0.19563978910446167]
[0.013130021281540394]
[0.005040922202169895]
[0.027479417622089386]
[0.01371750608086586]
[0.008501891978085041]
[0.21475091576576233]
[0.012735133059322834]
[0.5286288261413574]
[0.010271001607179642]
[0.005809430964291096]
[1.0475335121154785]
[0.008237659931182861]
[0.027995765209197998]
[0.010869945399463177]
[1.420137882232666]
[0.004829466808587313]
[0.06955716758966446]
[0.01756477914750576]
[4.050296783447266]
[0.045184921473264694]
[0.008566168136894703]
[16.118507385253906]
[0.014255199581384659]
[0.007149808574467897]
[0.0043002162128686905]
[0.010237574577331543]
[0.013711376115679741]
[0.03252887725830078]
[0.0033761763479560614]
[0.04571915045380592]
[0.10183340311050415]
[0.033828217536211014]
[15.464674949645996]
[4.5227460861206055]
[0.018911786377429962]
[0.3807293772697449]
[0.20150142908096313]
[0.031095054000616074]
[0.01363161951303482]
[0.09686747193336487]
[0.9450284838676453]
[0.03518977761268616]
[0.016179244965314865]
[0.015721255913376808]
[0.27306053042411804]
[0.011094694025814533]
[0.010003681294620037]
[0.01381058618426323]
[0.9354782700538635]
[0.07217215746641159]
[0.008805934339761734]
[0.010444297455251217]
[1.1723542213439941]
[0.01041102409362793]
[0.013105186633765697]
[0.9185997843742371]
[0.10150667279958725]
[0.033806487917900085]
[0.014217552728950977]
[1.3716566562652588]
[0.8227674961090088]
[0.012374118901789188]
[0.051141347736120224]
[0.009829152375459671]
[0.2937309741973877]
[0.8962336778640747]
[1.6241471767425537]
[0.27423015236854553]
[0.6082388162612915]
[0.00909452885389328]
[0.05655154213309288]
[0.06072049215435982]
[0.0365513376891613]
[0.11551383882761002]
[0.005074933636933565]
[0.009092865511775017]
[0.07179511338472366]
[0.008909535594284534]
[0.008502497337758541]
[0.17995668947696686]
[0.020285742357373238]
[0.13011090457439423]
[0.009328637272119522]
[0.02106470987200737]
[1.6971757411956787]
[0.007872826419770718]
[0.02006952278316021]
[0.10914072394371033]
[0.008580143563449383]
[0.38201576471328735]
[2.3517208099365234]
[1.1537891626358032]
[0.4438508152961731]
[34.4600944519043]
[0.00988801196217537]
[1.296614170074463]
[0.8853906393051147]
[0.007923480123281479]
[5.386922836303711]
[1.5987240076065063]
[0.7067335247993469]
[15.066082000732422]
[0.008083174005150795]
[0.8311216831207275]
[2.1570417881011963]
[4.172621250152588]
[0.010873263701796532]
[2.1310837268829346]
[0.011552718468010426]
[1.7044192552566528]
[0.009252442978322506]
[5.319819927215576]
[78.7757339477539]
[4.288928985595703]
[1.6005820035934448]
[0.012062267400324345]
[1.0785773992538452]
[0.5425865650177002]
[0.09336820244789124]
[0.49834904074668884]
[0.01017881277948618]
[0.5010178089141846]
[0.013839934021234512]
[0.10326467454433441]
[0.008472677320241928]
[0.5433933138847351]
[0.3814385235309601]
[0.10418303310871124]
[2.3581042289733887]
[0.01511247269809246]
[11.807831764221191]
[0.20412759482860565]
[0.1377405971288681]
[0.014301984570920467]
[0.018029741942882538]
[0.09787456691265106]
[1.950925350189209]
[0.014546855352818966]
[0.018573462963104248]
[0.2695104479789734]
[0.5415821671485901]
[0.014279494062066078]
[0.0183611698448658]
[0.01771341823041439]
[0.16558349132537842]
[0.01767687126994133]
[0.014893756248056889]
[0.7045990824699402]
[0.1262478083372116]
[0.15551616251468658]
[0.01703585311770439]
[0.018260875716805458]
[0.016854947432875633]
[0.9073539972305298]
[1.0572540760040283]
[0.3165558874607086]
[0.01648700051009655]
[0.2978519797325134]
[1.4410405158996582]
[0.015691256150603294]
[0.9337404370307922]
[0.09644392877817154]
[0.32663846015930176]
[0.10016493499279022]
[0.01970130018889904]
[0.014540424570441246]
[0.11100216209888458]
[33.775665283203125]
[0.0753704085946083]
[0.010741405189037323]
[0.03364264592528343]
[1.1306785345077515]
[0.01698700524866581]
[0.23417681455612183]
[0.5631712675094604]
[0.01870080642402172]
[2.3766086101531982]
[1.992363691329956]
[0.006524202413856983]
[0.019119882956147194]
[0.5592522621154785]
[0.02255323715507984]
[0.019040364772081375]
[0.028084497898817062]
[0.024385428056120872]
[0.9874414801597595]
[0.05429850146174431]
[0.049773745238780975]
[0.005748969502747059]
[0.020532511174678802]
[0.008087489753961563]
[0.02807096764445305]
[0.02208775468170643]
[0.1267324984073639]
[1.1701370477676392]
[0.02225501462817192]
[5.260316371917725]
[0.026189269497990608]
[0.02053724229335785]
[0.5755348801612854]
[0.29994964599609375]
[0.11657670885324478]
[0.07879158854484558]
[0.011664163321256638]
[0.034236885607242584]
[0.02075020782649517]
[0.07434287667274475]
[1.3222002983093262]
[0.014937544241547585]
[0.10438363999128342]
[0.017128996551036835]
[0.3894970417022705]
[0.025249876081943512]
[2.6551263332366943]
[18.474571228027344]
[0.039517492055892944]
[0.05776034668087959]
[18.284467697143555]
[93.46272277832031]
[0.04714763164520264]
[0.020547330379486084]
[0.03911064565181732]
[0.038973335176706314]
[0.056093864142894745]
[0.06809702515602112]
[0.05175556242465973]
[0.6778921484947205]
[1.4728127717971802]
[0.13062407076358795]
[0.0767802894115448]
[0.19757255911827087]
[0.24064336717128754]
[0.2892264723777771]
[0.07633315771818161]
[8.767396926879883]
[3.4220447540283203]
[0.04504520818591118]
[1.2976784706115723]
[0.11583491414785385]
[0.016720116138458252]
[0.05241556465625763]
[0.02028309367597103]
[0.02379782870411873]
[0.018808715045452118]
[0.04992346838116646]
[1.2886425256729126]
[0.8690127730369568]
[0.11500559747219086]
[0.02787909097969532]
[0.6250007152557373]
[0.04473812133073807]
[0.019226832315325737]
[2.2066001892089844]
[0.022687874734401703]
[0.6149681210517883]
[0.6548004746437073]
[0.025099491700530052]
[9.175787925720215]
[0.04751453548669815]
[0.01944674551486969]
[0.03752988949418068]
[0.6313199400901794]
[0.031821299344301224]
[0.8784327507019043]
[0.018085699528455734]
[0.38623183965682983]
[0.020191524177789688]
[0.022558333352208138]
[0.0532766692340374]
[0.019739070907235146]
[0.03578142449259758]
[0.05748578533530235]
[0.04394306614995003]
[0.05649498850107193]
[0.022491298615932465]
[0.022980181500315666]
[0.5725362300872803]
[0.11401895433664322]
[0.5198729038238525]
[1.0127485990524292]
[0.052919212728738785]
[0.5445947051048279]
[0.04315139353275299]
[0.047813571989536285]
[0.7327554225921631]
[0.021873800083994865]
[10.463706970214844]
[0.16787223517894745]
[0.02290065959095955]
[0.06040292605757713]
[0.682456374168396]
[0.01677132211625576]
[0.3245723843574524]
[0.02019234001636505]
[0.44086480140686035]
[0.492330938577652]
[5.542430400848389]
[0.026069385930895805]
[0.028759438544511795]
[0.11240999400615692]
[0.020935090258717537]
[0.041441235691308975]
[0.04535794258117676]
[0.019119882956147194]
[0.3816608786582947]
[0.26846209168434143]
[0.045724958181381226]
[0.1119936853647232]
[0.0179654099047184]
[0.11185912042856216]
[0.05816830322146416]
[0.029627187177538872]
[0.3147382438182831]
[11.930181503295898]
[0.3013990521430969]
[0.0291768666356802]
[0.04797819256782532]
[1.4160711765289307]
[0.04648870974779129]
[3.909670114517212]
[0.011723938398063183]
[0.21277585625648499]
[0.8328344225883484]
[0.010314655490219593]
[0.012630049139261246]
[0.013649070635437965]
[0.017520034685730934]
[3.3350863456726074]
[0.33159908652305603]
[0.011055243201553822]
[0.45746365189552307]
[0.012754234485328197]
[0.012745151296257973]
[0.01975337602198124]
[0.012279098853468895]
[0.0193560142070055]
[0.018189532682299614]
[0.015687916427850723]
[0.010637848637998104]
[0.8779326677322388]
[0.08244791626930237]
[0.5459496378898621]
[0.017733106389641762]
[1.2935703992843628]
[0.04932514205574989]
[0.02591797523200512]
[0.011198210529983044]
[0.010067225433886051]
[0.014371057972311974]
[0.017143599689006805]
[0.8624114394187927]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.37637466192245483]
[0.013114660046994686]
[0.009635881520807743]
[0.008313199505209923]
[0.011034480296075344]
[0.009543532505631447]
[0.02187083661556244]
[0.0214744433760643]
[0.1969541609287262]
[0.014362991787493229]
[0.019001686945557594]
[0.016528740525245667]
[0.49690985679626465]
[0.007732125464826822]
[2.4154086112976074]
[0.046875424683094025]
[0.4621613621711731]
[2.010056734085083]
[0.11486005038022995]
[0.10975288599729538]
[0.10974536836147308]
[0.6893781423568726]
[0.019002456218004227]
[0.01678314432501793]
[0.040985628962516785]
[0.40738216042518616]
[0.00874252524226904]
[0.019140595570206642]
[0.024891510605812073]
[0.011570848524570465]
[0.5669043064117432]
[0.020291360095143318]
[0.08585336059331894]
[0.010060294531285763]
[0.020862676203250885]
[0.02107928693294525]
[0.020422950387001038]
[0.07197798043489456]
[0.10942117869853973]
[0.1093815341591835]
[0.211189404129982]
[0.016445718705654144]
[0.016250401735305786]
[0.011670965701341629]
[0.011485262773931026]
[0.06557472795248032]
[0.017141254618763924]
[0.010443178005516529]
[0.015529905445873737]
[0.013499170541763306]
[0.07175949215888977]
[2.107417106628418]
[0.017459452152252197]
[1.8834952116012573]
[0.015345481224358082]
[0.184594064950943]
[1.3574832677841187]
[0.27095797657966614]
[0.018170887604355812]
[0.2650163471698761]
[0.012551404535770416]
[0.04518745839595795]
[0.3975936770439148]
[0.010151935741305351]
[0.04923412948846817]
[0.021476346999406815]
[0.9610748887062073]
[0.044239338487386703]
[0.013651324436068535]
[0.013352742418646812]
[0.015428629703819752]
[0.010988439433276653]
[0.6026953458786011]
[0.011947398073971272]
[0.016336580738425255]
[0.12896403670310974]
[0.01720340922474861]
[0.01298527605831623]
[0.017464805394411087]
[0.16336530447006226]
[0.012868390418589115]
[19.75984764099121]
[0.01325895544141531]
[0.02576509490609169]
[0.015406537801027298]
[0.021785177290439606]
[1.0458452701568604]
[0.02164326421916485]
[0.10873232036828995]
[14.605334281921387]
[0.016346348449587822]
[0.0496903695166111]
[0.017410850152373314]
[0.1739024519920349]
[0.013564438559114933]
[0.6520379781723022]
[0.03747716173529625]
[0.013540197163820267]
[0.013692392967641354]
[0.01892988197505474]
[0.5928122997283936]
[0.37433090806007385]
[0.026555655524134636]
[0.02122504450380802]
[0.0163649320602417]
[0.10875204205513]
[0.010016748681664467]
[0.5009706616401672]
[0.1940515637397766]
[0.01996091566979885]
[0.03527870029211044]
[0.23345278203487396]
[2.3627281188964844]
[0.011195648461580276]
[0.016843145713210106]
[0.10844098031520844]
[0.17924535274505615]
[0.020223449915647507]
[0.7544457316398621]
[0.011171174235641956]
[0.028340371325612068]
[0.018097274005413055]
[0.08709465712308884]
[0.40561211109161377]
[0.0174202099442482]
[0.020029690116643906]
[0.36257243156433105]
[0.021858349442481995]
[0.016261743381619453]
[0.015520483255386353]
[0.02976987510919571]
[0.015082605183124542]
[0.02298431098461151]
[0.05121522769331932]
[0.01577158272266388]
[3.0205492973327637]
[0.01580045558512211]
[0.017705358564853668]
[1.7823258638381958]
[0.020653869956731796]
[0.15816694498062134]
[0.014638828113675117]
[0.013422960415482521]
[0.030726835131645203]
[0.017054203897714615]
[4.940336227416992]
[0.03546450659632683]
[2.0314548015594482]
[0.03075089305639267]
[2.6975457668304443]
[0.014866137877106667]
[0.04839485511183739]
[0.7478357553482056]
[6.560657978057861]
[0.033211998641490936]
[0.016233818605542183]
[0.5394079089164734]
[0.013066754676401615]
[0.03228534758090973]
[0.10752608627080917]
[0.015401375479996204]
[0.010698860511183739]
[0.01726791448891163]
[0.12243174761533737]
[0.02586185932159424]
[0.015371071174740791]
[0.31741783022880554]
[0.035099491477012634]
[0.015730470418930054]
[0.031415168195962906]
[0.23771218955516815]
[0.015431019477546215]
[0.017105869948863983]
[0.01182117685675621]
[0.016966156661510468]
[0.03819093480706215]
[1.987593173980713]
[0.106573686003685]
[0.04510974511504173]
[0.03950895369052887]
[0.020729606971144676]
[0.01660831645131111]
[0.7896782755851746]
[0.0137939453125]
[0.015371454879641533]
[0.015474655665457249]
[0.44314056634902954]
[0.015099938958883286]
[0.3442313075065613]
[0.012248588725924492]
[0.01874312199652195]
[0.057166360318660736]
[0.014231350272893906]
[0.050700753927230835]
[0.010762790217995644]
[0.3931781053543091]
[0.013122016564011574]
[0.10592654347419739]
[0.016847819089889526]
[0.10585545748472214]
[0.012937851250171661]
[0.10397454351186752]
[0.01613026298582554]
[0.010055148974061012]
[19.20307159423828]
[0.016034597530961037]
[0.06572683155536652]
[0.017793359234929085]
[0.02003207616508007]
[0.01593460887670517]
[0.05905869975686073]
[0.036583416163921356]
[0.07355213165283203]
[10.90295696258545]
[0.015573033131659031]
[0.012274259701371193]
[0.11429204046726227]
[0.39838093519210815]
[0.01573353074491024]
[1.1689860820770264]
[0.9688614010810852]
[0.01652172952890396]
[0.8211063146591187]
[0.015275797806680202]
[3.2671327590942383]
[0.10462572425603867]
[0.008655015379190445]
[0.015289446339011192]
[0.015309562906622887]
[0.5610206723213196]
[0.09278638660907745]
[0.1531771719455719]
[0.015903927385807037]
[0.44845715165138245]
[0.04994024708867073]
[0.009080613031983376]
[0.014398361556231976]
[0.006699277088046074]
[1.238430380821228]
[0.012461571954190731]
[0.009834088385105133]
[0.10487433522939682]
[0.01830686256289482]
[0.01475054956972599]
[0.11963582038879395]
[0.028797462582588196]
[0.26188182830810547]
[0.011633863672614098]
[0.49185672402381897]
[14.756811141967773]
[0.0059203230775892735]
[0.9230107665061951]
[0.005526791326701641]
[0.012373840436339378]
[0.012617256492376328]
[0.02138117142021656]
[1.7839813232421875]
[0.07467040419578552]
[0.015912141650915146]
[2.891314744949341]
[0.04894222691655159]
[0.026632465422153473]
[0.7530466318130493]
[0.017319809645414352]
[0.02088155597448349]
[0.4307282269001007]
[773.6419677734375]
[0.025460930541157722]
[0.024466276168823242]
[0.05810999497771263]
[2.191495895385742]
[0.07587870210409164]
[0.8429006338119507]
[0.015320760197937489]
[0.017101949080824852]
[0.017250023782253265]
[1.2052220106124878]
[0.025113966315984726]
[0.4270450472831726]
[0.6462119817733765]
[1.975691556930542]
[0.4918772578239441]
[0.10748656094074249]
[9.443597793579102]
[0.01744106411933899]
[3.514819622039795]
[0.016248175874352455]
[5.053206920623779]
[0.013579207472503185]
[1.8614574670791626]
[0.016985099762678146]
[1.4830702543258667]
[0.015922335907816887]
[0.022684982046484947]
[0.016611430794000626]
[0.4956364929676056]
[1.2275800704956055]
[0.06609107553958893]
[0.016424480825662613]
[1.0599035024642944]
[0.9586217403411865]
[0.13650095462799072]
[0.09986528754234314]
[0.01612837053835392]
[0.01608996093273163]
[0.03882734477519989]
[4.264632701873779]
[0.015868667513132095]
[0.01873648352921009]
[0.06357169151306152]
[0.6705968379974365]
[6.831621170043945]
[1.8078073263168335]
[2.710801362991333]
[2.865607500076294]
[0.010666386224329472]
[1.6323918104171753]
[0.7621418833732605]
[0.14513471722602844]
[0.051476020365953445]
[0.1850019246339798]
[0.10445818305015564]
[0.10817592591047287]
[0.3423401117324829]
[0.026779090985655785]
[0.18298614025115967]
[0.09361597150564194]
[0.1341037154197693]
[0.026750877499580383]
[0.17475196719169617]
[0.2197914719581604]
[0.17460903525352478]
[0.04719806835055351]
[0.02309500239789486]
[0.08434803038835526]
[0.15675872564315796]
[0.16503646969795227]
[0.01479391660541296]
[0.2477826178073883]
[1.3427400588989258]
[0.20306283235549927]
[0.5674849152565002]
[0.44341251254081726]
[3.012486457824707]
[0.01581205055117607]
[0.20569299161434174]
[0.27217328548431396]
[0.14022918045520782]
[0.19770650565624237]
[0.021473195403814316]
[0.016176695004105568]
[0.1535794883966446]
[0.29200074076652527]
[0.2473481297492981]
[0.08895513415336609]
[0.01601572521030903]
[0.15059204399585724]
[0.3655594289302826]
[0.11633988469839096]
[0.016648568212985992]
[0.034960418939590454]
[19.529064178466797]
[0.26524391770362854]
[0.017363891005516052]
[0.2160816788673401]
[0.4190581440925598]
[0.10583169758319855]
[0.015477603301405907]
[0.37966281175613403]
[1.709501028060913]
[0.251120001077652]
[0.010741034522652626]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.8919857144355774]
[0.02112496644258499]
[0.2102106809616089]
[0.4286295771598816]
[0.10145509988069534]
[0.21644353866577148]
[0.01572287827730179]
[0.47445148229599]
[1.267065405845642]
[0.08251417428255081]
[0.01709393970668316]
[0.25552457571029663]
[0.14850661158561707]
[0.017907986417412758]
[0.006993136368691921]
[0.017675135284662247]
[0.11853375285863876]
[0.531080961227417]
[0.09452687203884125]
[0.17272090911865234]
[0.04500450938940048]
[0.1051737517118454]
[0.41152167320251465]
[0.9664241075515747]
[0.20053811371326447]
[0.08208619803190231]
[0.13400335609912872]
[0.056508030742406845]
[0.0376431830227375]
[0.6155697703361511]
[0.517005980014801]
[0.014154222793877125]
[0.0452054888010025]
[0.018709011375904083]
[0.012947083450853825]
[0.38190972805023193]
[0.018415428698062897]
[0.013806739822030067]
[0.01087894756346941]
[0.12824968993663788]
[0.02813008800148964]
[0.028895771130919456]
[0.8350209593772888]
[0.02990131638944149]
[0.2660633325576782]
[0.519827127456665]
[0.014685804955661297]
[0.018751682713627815]
[0.02441146783530712]
[0.19476591050624847]
[0.9193984866142273]
[0.47312572598457336]
[0.033454567193984985]
[0.09968060255050659]
[0.14660421013832092]
[0.22661155462265015]
[0.021490857005119324]
[18.220762252807617]
[0.6547386050224304]
[0.06942622363567352]
[0.1099601686000824]
[0.018735937774181366]
[0.017884397879242897]
[3.7033822536468506]
[0.08660970628261566]
[0.130985826253891]
[0.0825812816619873]
[0.43235456943511963]
[0.706734299659729]
[1.3061952590942383]
[0.018506336957216263]
[0.019000861793756485]
[0.149246945977211]
[0.8246669173240662]
[0.0858478769659996]
[0.2593684494495392]
[2.0639209747314453]
[0.014929008670151234]
[0.19658982753753662]
[1.6674445867538452]
[0.019542887806892395]
[0.5307793617248535]
[0.012754803523421288]
[0.11121345311403275]
[0.4963679015636444]
[0.4213815927505493]
[0.015963442623615265]
[0.0188138410449028]
[0.018970146775245667]
[0.024496588855981827]
[0.6657661199569702]
[0.9651837348937988]
[0.1158834770321846]
[0.01751871034502983]
[0.18172094225883484]
[0.33556702733039856]
[0.09757494926452637]
[0.019790006801486015]
[0.08754545450210571]
[0.009293333627283573]
[0.012350994162261486]
[0.012913732789456844]
[0.03130071610212326]
[0.019911902025341988]
[0.029913228005170822]
[0.3850597143173218]
[0.019923387095332146]
[0.024730568751692772]
[0.019651249051094055]
[0.019910329952836037]
[0.3086199462413788]
[0.01989443600177765]
[0.03568269684910774]
[0.01988796889781952]
[0.12650692462921143]
[0.09437993913888931]
[0.17956453561782837]
[0.022160112857818604]
[0.03616413101553917]
[0.018236473202705383]
[0.016147557646036148]
[0.16503489017486572]
[7.870882511138916]
[0.028705189004540443]
[0.01961364597082138]
[0.01978224143385887]
[0.025393743067979813]
[0.019547410309314728]
[0.03447825834155083]
[0.06266003847122192]
[0.018818490207195282]
[0.210950568318367]
[0.10132228583097458]
[0.0761583223938942]
[0.01941630430519581]
[0.11143316328525543]
[0.11141528189182281]
[0.17178015410900116]
[0.9757878184318542]
[0.02003537118434906]
[0.019569633528590202]
[2.2939281463623047]
[0.04190913587808609]
[0.04554082453250885]
[0.016714293509721756]
[0.03683128207921982]
[0.0195672195404768]
[0.017001161351799965]
[0.8780969381332397]
[0.887356698513031]
[0.01402708888053894]
[0.013295893557369709]
[0.1114484891295433]
[0.012351062148809433]
[0.34212130308151245]
[4.269514083862305]
[0.017181387171149254]
[0.019744789227843285]
[0.02599865384399891]
[9.442058563232422]
[0.01917925663292408]
[0.033112216740846634]
[0.05162118747830391]
[0.0322246178984642]
[0.17448894679546356]
[0.008851232938468456]
[0.03197886422276497]
[0.34688782691955566]
[0.17848621308803558]
[0.01866774447262287]
[0.01965046487748623]
[0.041084080934524536]
[0.015241522341966629]
[0.019678767770528793]
[0.9641550183296204]
[0.017049817368388176]
[0.012712657451629639]
[0.010172332637012005]
[0.3346818685531616]
[0.04766816645860672]
[0.019764287397265434]
[0.019714009016752243]
[0.11151235550642014]
[0.1664784997701645]
[0.03355526924133301]
[1.5977754592895508]
[0.022486025467514992]
[0.06153377518057823]
[0.049175187945365906]
[0.7142587304115295]
[0.4773391783237457]
[0.019078396260738373]
[0.20900391042232513]
[0.11124083399772644]
[0.011981508694589138]
[0.01946626976132393]
[0.022383499890565872]
[0.11125171929597855]
[0.023358367383480072]
[0.12625618278980255]
[0.013573532924056053]
[0.5747691988945007]
[0.008920108899474144]
[0.012274581007659435]
[0.9946169257164001]
[0.03996855765581131]
[0.01448826864361763]
[0.04639608412981033]
[0.019476253539323807]
[7.4015278816223145]
[0.025438182055950165]
[0.011020595207810402]
[0.012753436341881752]
[0.019365450367331505]
[0.02346508577466011]
[0.01774703897535801]
[0.036750197410583496]
[0.9773780703544617]
[4.341659069061279]
[0.029567034915089607]
[0.8907380104064941]
[0.01932617463171482]
[0.014583254233002663]
[0.01390845887362957]
[0.01280190423130989]
[0.03335045278072357]
[0.007026448845863342]
[0.00854107178747654]
[0.012789552100002766]
[0.43050017952919006]
[0.016558483242988586]
[0.0274468082934618]
[0.0070447553880512714]
[0.019281048327684402]
[0.019250961020588875]
[0.6235695481300354]
[0.3583180904388428]
[0.019249850884079933]
[0.26775050163269043]
[0.011686321347951889]
[0.5114761590957642]
[0.3697955012321472]
[0.28406578302383423]
[1.6325488090515137]
[0.524686872959137]
[0.28873327374458313]
[13.194867134094238]
[0.6832610964775085]
[0.019433768466114998]
[0.11093136668205261]
[0.01012655533850193]
[0.01913084089756012]
[0.010228241793811321]
[0.06377033144235611]
[0.16760903596878052]
[0.020341534167528152]
[0.02025127410888672]
[0.1263178586959839]
[0.025138750672340393]
[0.01909380964934826]
[0.12631134688854218]
[0.015891801565885544]
[0.019112125039100647]
[0.019097091630101204]
[0.032850202172994614]
[0.05609378218650818]
[0.046671200543642044]
[0.018790196627378464]
[0.11083167046308517]
[0.06075137481093407]
[0.08172965049743652]
[0.3132111430168152]
[0.013739146292209625]
[0.2512369155883789]
[4.2516889572143555]
[0.013402788899838924]
[0.29731836915016174]
[0.052769314497709274]
[1.240782618522644]
[0.37040194869041443]
[0.5571995377540588]
[0.02151530049741268]
[0.019500277936458588]
[0.4330466389656067]
[0.01617572270333767]
[0.16889642179012299]
[0.011104163713753223]
[2.874901533126831]
[0.8381446003913879]
[0.019531939178705215]
[0.1847049742937088]
[0.11142546683549881]
[0.01941699907183647]
[4.003903388977051]
[0.11094525456428528]
[0.018551649525761604]
[0.007430963683873415]
[7.555819511413574]
[0.011236382648348808]
[0.02500743418931961]
[0.015933895483613014]
[0.7130799889564514]
[0.018788402900099754]
[0.018067017197608948]
[0.11037997156381607]
[0.018752628937363625]
[0.014372366480529308]
[1.5895730257034302]
[0.018722765147686005]
[0.04033094272017479]
[0.04189078509807587]
[0.018764639273285866]
[0.025072818621993065]
[3.3616793155670166]
[0.019383898004889488]
[0.11022105813026428]
[0.04813530296087265]
[0.23861224949359894]
[0.018815431743860245]
[0.11025092005729675]
[0.011020410805940628]
[0.27586624026298523]
[0.019609980285167694]
[0.011897939257323742]
[0.03623056784272194]
[0.007257133722305298]
[0.03425626456737518]
[5.6741156578063965]
[0.018890684470534325]
[0.0067909942008554935]
[0.009488305076956749]
[0.01891458034515381]
[0.0087004778906703]
[1.2222787141799927]
[0.012776507064700127]
[0.11024412512779236]
[0.28524306416511536]
[0.020974405109882355]
[0.2440328150987625]
[0.9074183702468872]
[1.8185566663742065]
[0.042214956134557724]
[0.04773637279868126]
[0.015353322960436344]
[0.02430759370326996]
[0.01918245479464531]
[0.018710946664214134]
[0.01732000708580017]
[0.015559972263872623]
[0.01278456300497055]
[0.025246452540159225]
[0.024051519110798836]
[3.7353696823120117]
[0.009970296174287796]
[0.4175795614719391]
[0.3795389235019684]
[0.08031146973371506]
[0.01847676932811737]
[0.007425255607813597]
[0.031651150435209274]
[0.6216034889221191]
[9.124250411987305]
[0.018187053501605988]
[0.018201768398284912]
[0.2513763904571533]
[0.02225012332201004]
[0.109091617166996]
[0.018112709745764732]
[0.022881465032696724]
[0.02022143080830574]
[0.10894519835710526]
[0.027573270723223686]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.017995469272136688]
[9.527486801147461]
[0.5820220708847046]
[0.02240949124097824]
[0.09096493571996689]
[0.013019297271966934]
[0.021826932206749916]
[0.027452435344457626]
[0.10882773250341415]
[0.018002737313508987]
[0.006786749232560396]
[0.9746103882789612]
[135.10726928710938]
[0.017877914011478424]
[0.022540614008903503]
[0.01771499589085579]
[0.017724551260471344]
[0.08325269818305969]
[0.026156224310398102]
[0.02062397263944149]
[0.017516983672976494]
[0.017108993604779243]
[0.011190453544259071]
[0.017056144773960114]
[0.022438226267695427]
[0.04403521493077278]
[0.034800466150045395]
[0.0119934668764472]
[0.017034558579325676]
[0.07389792799949646]
[0.01685701496899128]
[0.2628081440925598]
[0.012309308163821697]
[0.01714983768761158]
[0.05525265634059906]
[18.261201858520508]
[0.8382467031478882]
[0.012730561196804047]
[0.2359437495470047]
[0.10718727856874466]
[0.022590670734643936]
[0.013123436830937862]
[0.006598165724426508]
[0.006525516044348478]
[0.015864131972193718]
[0.3283541202545166]
[0.546301543712616]
[0.022563045844435692]
[0.03190075606107712]
[0.01678064465522766]
[0.27159011363983154]
[0.04526304826140404]
[0.10707137733697891]
[0.016711091622710228]
[0.0540822371840477]
[0.011314271949231625]
[0.3937372863292694]
[1.44907546043396]
[0.6742712259292603]
[0.013513557612895966]
[0.010956857353448868]
[0.016769615933299065]
[0.012496661394834518]
[0.04303254932165146]
[0.01030439231544733]
[0.010295572690665722]
[1.3992418050765991]
[0.3398279845714569]
[0.007074390538036823]
[0.0139002725481987]
[0.016374967992305756]
[0.016360735520720482]
[1.1482423543930054]
[0.014879218302667141]
[0.013014848344027996]
[0.1936343014240265]
[0.016263427212834358]
[0.00988498330116272]
[0.005837783683091402]
[0.048033207654953]
[0.41655516624450684]
[0.36018866300582886]
[0.10611902177333832]
[0.016971459612250328]
[0.024721292778849602]
[0.016952643170952797]
[0.010803141631186008]
[0.0073303235694766045]
[0.022571656852960587]
[0.10588595271110535]
[0.3303071856498718]
[0.12361877411603928]
[0.016047803685069084]
[2.7876956462860107]
[0.01115729846060276]
[3.5565621852874756]
[1.6882020235061646]
[0.01596042700111866]
[0.15300796926021576]
[0.008767383173108101]
[0.015862492844462395]
[0.06419149786233902]
[0.030909089371562004]
[8.138723373413086]
[0.015853403136134148]
[0.014445563778281212]
[0.011446014977991581]
[0.1995057910680771]
[0.007397323846817017]
[0.07765337079763412]
[0.00698138726875186]
[0.03905153274536133]
[0.006242952309548855]
[0.011209513060748577]
[0.013192228972911835]
[0.011647087521851063]
[0.07257164269685745]
[0.015122014097869396]
[0.01578773371875286]
[0.015625355765223503]
[6.1070966720581055]
[0.20196546614170074]
[0.016979599371552467]
[0.015524505637586117]
[0.02152528613805771]
[0.46557727456092834]
[0.0069934772327542305]
[0.015314766205847263]
[0.011680888943374157]
[0.014320556074380875]
[0.4481634497642517]
[0.24968212842941284]
[0.015261433087289333]
[0.015334950760006905]
[1.1123260259628296]
[0.10494869947433472]
[0.08609914034605026]
[0.014131348580121994]
[0.017569201067090034]
[0.01522290799766779]
[2.164508581161499]
[0.026200084015727043]
[0.4055815041065216]
[0.014257817529141903]
[0.18336890637874603]
[0.5918809771537781]
[0.45086953043937683]
[0.015236233361065388]
[0.06205043941736221]
[0.07409459352493286]
[0.008031155914068222]
[0.01013494934886694]
[0.09732376784086227]
[0.15374740958213806]
[0.0640634223818779]
[0.00876226183027029]
[0.006751335691660643]
[0.01592620462179184]
[1.2987192869186401]
[0.03084823675453663]
[0.01570173352956772]
[0.019376354292035103]
[0.10508168488740921]
[0.015353893861174583]
[0.10505472868680954]
[0.021134894341230392]
[0.015279588289558887]
[0.015264942310750484]
[0.015269199386239052]
[0.015322779305279255]
[2.0923967361450195]
[0.0158674456179142]
[0.4219878017902374]
[0.028213143348693848]
[0.44844746589660645]
[0.011829900555312634]
[0.05148613080382347]
[0.02610161527991295]
[0.010216308757662773]
[0.026730187237262726]
[0.9020946621894836]
[7.004666328430176]
[0.006356172729283571]
[0.013664241880178452]
[0.015193682163953781]
[0.01921830326318741]
[0.012309223413467407]
[0.02472677081823349]
[0.01111442968249321]
[0.049769096076488495]
[0.008051920682191849]
[0.013280489481985569]
[0.4383188486099243]
[0.016619345173239708]
[0.011420152150094509]
[5.685072422027588]
[0.007441193331032991]
[0.5877576470375061]
[0.21379804611206055]
[0.009610187262296677]
[0.3280680477619171]
[0.010913975536823273]
[0.015425621531903744]
[0.04899561032652855]
[0.10477696359157562]
[0.1047566682100296]
[0.014608317986130714]
[0.020914344117045403]
[0.013769874349236488]
[0.027087878435850143]
[0.013144727796316147]
[0.030684905126690865]
[0.21833904087543488]
[0.47608810663223267]
[1.5605456829071045]
[0.015036089345812798]
[0.01500105019658804]
[0.014992525801062584]
[0.02152424119412899]
[0.012172112241387367]
[0.1066889539361]
[0.9183486700057983]
[0.010057865642011166]
[0.00676923431456089]
[0.850720226764679]
[0.8802253603935242]
[0.016508471220731735]
[0.4394160509109497]
[0.012778067961335182]
[0.30550673604011536]
[0.10409528762102127]
[0.014749485068023205]
[0.35968875885009766]
[0.09635140746831894]
[0.006080164108425379]
[0.021143512800335884]
[1.8890366554260254]
[0.029125278815627098]
[0.01471293531358242]
[0.020056582987308502]
[0.017560118809342384]
[0.05443761870265007]
[0.297720730304718]
[0.01297886110842228]
[1.4529179334640503]
[0.006373691372573376]
[0.04224450886249542]
[0.04840443283319473]
[0.3327258229255676]
[0.1041359230875969]
[0.014568222686648369]
[0.36874645948410034]
[4.361110210418701]
[4.241321563720703]
[0.006282644346356392]
[3.6179730892181396]
[0.01797596365213394]
[0.2899153232574463]
[0.324217826128006]
[0.007703755050897598]
[0.006926496047526598]
[0.4096486270427704]
[0.021147403866052628]
[0.014970527961850166]
[0.23262998461723328]
[0.021006116643548012]
[0.01202898845076561]
[0.7229052782058716]
[0.10385198891162872]
[0.029341375455260277]
[0.10378215461969376]
[0.016180969774723053]
[0.0147451963275671]
[0.023925041779875755]
[0.3501979112625122]
[0.014623261988162994]
[0.11399763822555542]
[0.01463776733726263]
[0.17150156199932098]
[0.014690267853438854]
[0.014750886708498001]
[0.28672197461128235]
[0.20403073728084564]
[0.01459110714495182]
[0.014537874609231949]
[0.5200744271278381]
[0.018045999109745026]
[7.8994364738464355]
[0.02050049602985382]
[0.014541908167302608]
[0.014489774592220783]
[0.014937435276806355]
[0.007176390383392572]
[0.4183931052684784]
[0.013597863726317883]
[0.011345607228577137]
[0.01850421354174614]
[0.012207936495542526]
[0.22537961602210999]
[0.16048602759838104]
[0.07777295261621475]
[0.01448483020067215]
[334.029052734375]
[0.11397206038236618]
[0.07866203784942627]
[0.010830015875399113]
[0.04359282925724983]
[0.013954970054328442]
[0.018553316593170166]
[1.9239370822906494]
[0.06845686584711075]
[0.017211925238370895]
[0.011435586959123611]
[0.019780976697802544]
[0.09675189852714539]
[0.013624632731080055]
[0.028708701953291893]
[0.09447257220745087]
[6.58592414855957]
[0.19432687759399414]
[0.09426765143871307]
[0.1587378829717636]
[0.1964697390794754]
[0.01345975510776043]
[0.0089071961119771]
[0.019480252638459206]
[0.6470743417739868]
[5.578751087188721]
[0.46946200728416443]
[0.013380470685660839]
[1.0266605615615845]
[0.36038219928741455]
[0.11105681210756302]
[0.013469402678310871]
[0.011725123040378094]
[0.013484618626534939]
[0.08221247047185898]
[0.013524925336241722]
[0.017229823395609856]
[0.013517902232706547]
[0.6486340165138245]
[0.7537476420402527]
[0.10089997202157974]
[0.4979085922241211]
[0.03821391984820366]
[0.2577356696128845]
[0.012613908387720585]
[0.013511935248970985]
[0.013524993322789669]
[0.01406231801956892]
[27.92730140686035]
[0.12189671397209167]
[0.013457369059324265]
[0.013693911023437977]
[0.12318731099367142]
[0.013430075719952583]
[0.013422485440969467]
[0.33777281641960144]
[0.03773120045661926]
[0.02045978046953678]
[0.03035828098654747]
[0.013340942561626434]
[0.4682057499885559]
[0.11403250694274902]
[0.26010018587112427]
[0.4962501525878906]
[0.020944392308592796]
[0.06829077005386353]
[0.036955490708351135]
[0.06544332951307297]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.013317640870809555]
[0.013178450055420399]
[0.02706966921687126]
[0.41685721278190613]
[0.5408979058265686]
[0.033636514097452164]
[0.01785966195166111]
[0.0275705698877573]
[0.01679287850856781]
[0.061967503279447556]
[0.016189781948924065]
[0.219169020652771]
[0.14576038718223572]
[0.030436217784881592]
[4.150847911834717]
[0.06589384377002716]
[0.07489591836929321]
[0.2805302143096924]
[0.040408071130514145]
[0.5874677896499634]
[0.028872020542621613]
[0.024476373568177223]
[0.9440203905105591]
[0.02922811731696129]
[0.013858713209629059]
[0.010893919505178928]
[0.008250647224485874]
[0.25568410754203796]
[0.6369969844818115]
[0.4251185655593872]
[0.01755828782916069]
[0.9580590128898621]
[0.37442633509635925]
[0.007183448877185583]
[0.023893430829048157]
[0.006710981950163841]
[0.9135823249816895]
[0.34077852964401245]
[0.06557547301054001]
[0.021493108943104744]
[0.00679881451651454]
[1.098341703414917]
[0.06905493140220642]
[0.2105298489332199]
[0.013307055458426476]
[0.10967883467674255]
[0.7069646716117859]
[0.118439681828022]
[0.5961646437644958]
[0.10141496360301971]
[0.012394538149237633]
[0.00841272808611393]
[0.18579375743865967]
[5.3416924476623535]
[0.7960562705993652]
[0.009859862737357616]
[0.012188228778541088]
[0.0782695934176445]
[0.015116758644580841]
[0.012290108948946]
[0.013402040116488934]
[0.014797929674386978]
[0.10112634301185608]
[0.10110390931367874]
[0.022449759766459465]
[0.6111679077148438]
[0.013005438260734081]
[0.013131875544786453]
[0.24823111295700073]
[0.045364636927843094]
[0.056122370064258575]
[0.20101745426654816]
[0.010526822879910469]
[0.009491968899965286]
[0.012233445420861244]
[1.259927749633789]
[0.20487253367900848]
[1.1535013914108276]
[0.01833239756524563]
[0.054882220923900604]
[0.012390563264489174]
[0.028515255078673363]
[0.3215141296386719]
[0.012339098379015923]
[0.6738295555114746]
[0.01245181355625391]
[0.037310969084501266]
[0.009207355789840221]
[0.012023186311125755]
[0.01804707944393158]
[0.3689110279083252]
[0.011978852562606335]
[0.010265913791954517]
[0.36465132236480713]
[0.011969860643148422]
[0.02581491880118847]
[1.0265880823135376]
[0.011864684522151947]
[0.8700991272926331]
[0.016060762107372284]
[0.2704065442085266]
[0.008921660482883453]
[0.017255907878279686]
[0.009112948551774025]
[0.01183214783668518]
[0.4172869920730591]
[0.8099939823150635]
[2.2208781242370605]
[0.009487006813287735]
[0.04478679597377777]
[0.00962545070797205]
[0.00802752934396267]
[0.22144176065921783]
[0.314800500869751]
[0.011081532575190067]
[0.08058224618434906]
[0.009247484616935253]
[0.30659109354019165]
[0.006964098662137985]
[0.011793378740549088]
[0.2810988426208496]
[3.345700740814209]
[0.01273635495454073]
[0.006553211715072393]
[0.011931427754461765]
[0.5163276791572571]
[15.689330101013184]
[0.022378141060471535]
[7.124943256378174]
[0.011828579939901829]
[0.01182678434997797]
[0.732563316822052]
[0.10019855201244354]
[0.017612872645258904]
[0.011908723041415215]
[3.080925703048706]
[0.7326058745384216]
[0.027319002896547318]
[0.3421543836593628]
[0.01189106609672308]
[0.02330484800040722]
[0.2039279043674469]
[0.01686635985970497]
[0.10995858907699585]
[0.3073030114173889]
[0.01847011037170887]
[0.12771879136562347]
[0.006316100247204304]
[0.008701554499566555]
[0.011867561377584934]
[0.7407122850418091]
[0.018511975184082985]
[0.011163907125592232]
[0.019257329404354095]
[0.01172507181763649]
[0.006034993100911379]
[0.012445087544620037]
[0.00703099649399519]
[0.01198835950344801]
[0.1558895707130432]
[0.0066384123638272285]
[0.03953377157449722]
[0.011995475739240646]
[0.028127817437052727]
[0.018491972237825394]
[0.2673540413379669]
[0.018252497538924217]
[0.026602663099765778]
[0.009778843261301517]
[0.02204493246972561]
[0.018477391451597214]
[0.02616807073354721]
[0.007819210179150105]
[0.223134845495224]
[0.024191617965698242]
[0.006396009121090174]
[0.022535301744937897]
[3.2847530841827393]
[0.011477836407721043]
[0.02727518230676651]
[0.3659658133983612]
[0.20545955002307892]
[0.007827991619706154]
[0.41444528102874756]
[0.010712026618421078]
[1.234979510307312]
[0.09959738701581955]
[0.019913479685783386]
[0.011886915192008018]
[0.6294909119606018]
[0.007093948777765036]
[0.9765215516090393]
[0.026765547692775726]
[0.009268734604120255]
[0.5295538902282715]
[0.016505490988492966]
[0.017829088494181633]
[7.871409893035889]
[0.18576064705848694]
[1.4291499853134155]
[0.04235106334090233]
[0.02186388336122036]
[0.187344491481781]
[0.04147982969880104]
[3.407317876815796]
[0.011529400013387203]
[1.5535982847213745]
[0.04502660408616066]
[0.05608958750963211]
[5.310614585876465]
[0.32701611518859863]
[0.09972213953733444]
[0.009260484017431736]
[0.014182189479470253]
[0.32755425572395325]
[0.009603988379240036]
[0.02126259356737137]
[0.021718934178352356]
[0.024810586124658585]
[0.07728301733732224]
[0.014157180674374104]
[0.019861644133925438]
[0.7740651965141296]
[0.012344563379883766]
[0.036120254546403885]
[0.008671334013342857]
[0.09972237795591354]
[0.006556913256645203]
[0.15379710495471954]
[0.2863847613334656]
[0.011649205349385738]
[0.09966090321540833]
[0.25674790143966675]
[0.03583693504333496]
[1.3277794122695923]
[0.46053341031074524]
[0.01855750009417534]
[0.008734283968806267]
[0.46154674887657166]
[0.3514312505722046]
[0.01423688605427742]
[0.20350126922130585]
[0.008441990241408348]
[0.018956828862428665]
[0.012059560045599937]
[0.026636291295289993]
[0.018568523228168488]
[1.0852370262145996]
[0.18482662737369537]
[0.008789079263806343]
[0.024606866762042046]
[5.4403815269470215]
[0.013115652836859226]
[0.008625374175608158]
[0.011372056789696217]
[0.008728576824069023]
[0.011038996279239655]
[0.012884242460131645]
[0.7233433723449707]
[0.951098620891571]
[0.009808378294110298]
[0.011528657749295235]
[0.019053084775805473]
[0.015419985167682171]
[0.01878412440419197]
[0.01137951947748661]
[0.1900518387556076]
[0.009176348336040974]
[0.46395164728164673]
[0.09924540668725967]
[0.013103106059134007]
[0.016390368342399597]
[0.03178989142179489]
[0.019781196489930153]
[0.0992099791765213]
[1.3096600770950317]
[0.00860663317143917]
[0.011383811011910439]
[0.01148027740418911]
[0.3655894994735718]
[0.018034344539046288]
[0.023768866434693336]
[0.017526306211948395]
[0.22392109036445618]
[1.9784727096557617]
[0.5449805855751038]
[0.011527219787240028]
[0.008845940232276917]
[0.697091817855835]
[0.011555373668670654]
[0.0076674181036651134]
[0.011567872017621994]
[0.011411529034376144]
[0.008807121776044369]
[0.011578137055039406]
[0.03666546940803528]
[0.09912475943565369]
[0.018889855593442917]
[0.47568100690841675]
[0.3478294610977173]
[0.006629535928368568]
[0.011657296679913998]
[0.08125938475131989]
[0.3528813123703003]
[0.013220897875726223]
[2.650620222091675]
[0.02139197289943695]
[1.1307668685913086]
[0.0081497672945261]
[0.4703357219696045]
[0.06275556981563568]
[0.011584554798901081]
[0.09909243881702423]
[0.4458422064781189]
[0.22076082229614258]
[2.1283621788024902]
[0.33808884024620056]
[0.016564376652240753]
[0.014645569026470184]
[0.2724296748638153]
[0.06419723480939865]
[0.015965450555086136]
[0.011716666631400585]
[0.18235045671463013]
[10.378931999206543]
[0.6124207973480225]
[0.48642590641975403]
[0.02399591915309429]
[0.3964041769504547]
[0.011576727963984013]
[0.04461735859513283]
[0.011659749783575535]
[0.006364403758198023]
[0.07069896161556244]
[0.01262475736439228]
[0.009126092307269573]
[0.3546391427516937]
[0.35619744658470154]
[0.051901768893003464]
[0.30270758271217346]
[0.029932525008916855]
[0.011760052293539047]
[0.01709618978202343]
[0.011731719598174095]
[0.3274794816970825]
[0.03545791283249855]
[0.030470116063952446]
[0.016154419630765915]
[0.019876966252923012]
[0.504335343837738]
[0.01726425252854824]
[0.018992017954587936]
[0.02342081069946289]
[0.22036586701869965]
[0.19007448852062225]
[0.010363646782934666]
[0.011903176084160805]
[0.32531654834747314]
[0.012621701695024967]
[0.009538820013403893]
[0.011430497281253338]
[0.047805849462747574]
[0.009410654194653034]
[0.5189865231513977]
[0.46704021096229553]
[0.011439025402069092]
[2.6196231842041016]
[0.012158392928540707]
[0.025415951386094093]
[0.3862440884113312]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.01965777389705181]
[0.008058464154601097]
[0.01918601430952549]
[0.015776116400957108]
[0.0908806249499321]
[0.1411820501089096]
[0.5129505395889282]
[0.018969733268022537]
[0.011496227234601974]
[0.018572034314274788]
[0.27964091300964355]
[0.01161691639572382]
[0.01155303604900837]
[0.3214053809642792]
[0.012192192487418652]
[1.066196322441101]
[0.0104435496032238]
[0.03297555074095726]
[0.473471075296402]
[0.009263112209737301]
[0.016672777011990547]
[0.024533774703741074]
[0.010250438004732132]
[0.7758058905601501]
[0.3210311233997345]
[0.05790881812572479]
[0.9106360673904419]
[0.39549314975738525]
[0.15591388940811157]
[0.034328218549489975]
[0.014835805632174015]
[0.023002903908491135]
[0.018970174714922905]
[0.010625527240335941]
[0.011470555327832699]
[0.12334080785512924]
[0.009791119955480099]
[0.13367442786693573]
[0.010165985673666]
[0.17136551439762115]
[0.565118134021759]
[0.00950492825359106]
[0.4429003596305847]
[0.07048139721155167]
[0.011435121297836304]
[0.028831904754042625]
[1.3992921113967896]
[0.018900839611887932]
[0.010986736044287682]
[0.09895318001508713]
[0.011397087946534157]
[0.5738162398338318]
[0.3175424635410309]
[0.014320993795990944]
[0.023234782740473747]
[0.301093190908432]
[0.012261641211807728]
[0.017094768583774567]
[0.01137908361852169]
[0.2372777760028839]
[5.860462188720703]
[0.1796065717935562]
[0.30691879987716675]
[0.011360879056155682]
[0.8495271801948547]
[0.4325270354747772]
[0.4116606116294861]
[0.01144785899668932]
[0.3083909749984741]
[0.021039504557847977]
[0.7333173155784607]
[0.41365528106689453]
[0.1821196973323822]
[0.10927155613899231]
[0.31757792830467224]
[0.019302085041999817]
[0.05989907681941986]
[0.01151933055371046]
[0.01922607608139515]
[0.17858606576919556]
[0.011352445930242538]
[0.017714878544211388]
[0.3496909737586975]
[0.04579751193523407]
[0.02621549926698208]
[0.11901520937681198]
[0.0072640422731637955]
[0.07028171420097351]
[0.02683497592806816]
[0.2705766260623932]
[0.3124485909938812]
[0.01414155401289463]
[0.02910989336669445]
[0.09843476116657257]
[0.06158943101763725]
[0.13288910686969757]
[0.08300904184579849]
[0.01106390729546547]
[0.011111067607998848]
[0.01107607688754797]
[0.04102267697453499]
[0.011175233870744705]
[0.011049728840589523]
[8.099102973937988]
[0.007794718258082867]
[2.094456672668457]
[0.013473465107381344]
[0.42091065645217896]
[1.7075293064117432]
[0.008857358247041702]
[0.8340544104576111]
[0.018752213567495346]
[0.025372089818120003]
[0.038896478712558746]
[0.010894314385950565]
[0.010938810184597969]
[0.18147863447666168]
[0.3732233941555023]
[0.011331838555634022]
[0.011162633076310158]
[0.07038655132055283]
[0.011057998053729534]
[0.010921421460807323]
[0.02575847879052162]
[0.1918531060218811]
[0.015122770331799984]
[0.4499504864215851]
[0.03130069002509117]
[0.010016943328082561]
[0.01361516397446394]
[0.011924812570214272]
[0.010951190255582333]
[0.011356359347701073]
[0.015677016228437424]
[0.9818195104598999]
[0.038970451802015305]
[0.011320232413709164]
[0.013732385821640491]
[1.4282914400100708]
[0.0106123648583889]
[2.0979368686676025]
[0.03734124079346657]
[0.01630757376551628]
[0.07635153084993362]
[0.010890756733715534]
[0.010058113373816013]
[0.009958857670426369]
[0.019292671233415604]
[0.13282136619091034]
[0.01681133173406124]
[0.009882824495434761]
[0.7787878513336182]
[0.4820221960544586]
[0.02652381733059883]
[0.03241430222988129]
[0.012151995673775673]
[0.35455718636512756]
[0.09847477078437805]
[0.01927344501018524]
[0.2849348783493042]
[0.017206966876983643]
[0.3729740381240845]
[0.6411980390548706]
[0.010987335816025734]
[0.007402454502880573]
[0.014465857297182083]
[0.023310882970690727]
[0.011900966987013817]
[0.29761001467704773]
[0.2733105719089508]
[0.012245962396264076]
[0.04742138460278511]
[0.2380395531654358]
[0.010919362306594849]
[6.227602958679199]
[0.01124733965843916]
[0.05755467340350151]
[0.04778694733977318]
[0.047444071620702744]
[0.010890010744333267]
[0.09810785204172134]
[0.015942784026265144]
[0.6399472951889038]
[0.605648398399353]
[0.4585458040237427]
[0.010505002923309803]
[0.009200976230204105]
[0.09770907461643219]
[0.010497821494936943]
[0.010495556518435478]
[0.29880988597869873]
[0.9589993953704834]
[0.010559349320828915]
[0.10818576067686081]
[0.17939984798431396]
[0.010625291615724564]
[0.007275493815541267]
[0.01190426480025053]
[0.5403833389282227]
[0.018628191202878952]
[1.3562579154968262]
[0.016340114176273346]
[0.010477212257683277]
[0.010965786874294281]
[0.5105085968971252]
[0.010782113298773766]
[0.010413105599582195]
[0.010406780987977982]
[0.016998685896396637]
[0.1467636078596115]
[0.03572511672973633]
[0.026468414813280106]
[0.016431724652647972]
[0.7558607459068298]
[0.010432582348585129]
[0.011138593778014183]
[0.28627970814704895]
[0.9840419888496399]
[0.026948513463139534]
[0.009036359377205372]
[0.012842992320656776]
[0.010254562832415104]
[0.010506574995815754]
[2.7174246311187744]
[0.03160282224416733]
[0.9227880835533142]
[0.06216094642877579]
[0.01032992359250784]
[0.0971684381365776]
[0.4333227276802063]
[0.881329357624054]
[0.09712943434715271]
[0.32273975014686584]
[0.009501646272838116]
[1.5600073337554932]
[0.010577989742159843]
[0.09704195708036423]
[0.008711752481758595]
[0.026972807943820953]
[0.45063015818595886]
[0.6904435157775879]
[0.09691958129405975]
[0.010563437826931477]
[0.03127031773328781]
[0.0119222616776824]
[0.5624752044677734]
[0.023970535025000572]
[0.2941337525844574]
[0.02901262231171131]
[0.04817889630794525]
[0.5832610726356506]
[0.2574407756328583]
[0.02389896847307682]
[0.02601100504398346]
[0.018893014639616013]
[1.3083393573760986]
[12.7310209274292]
[0.8413417339324951]
[0.012017374858260155]
[0.0156702920794487]
[0.010321377776563168]
[0.007951224222779274]
[0.04557834938168526]
[0.26624560356140137]
[0.025685951113700867]
[3.372971534729004]
[0.010431276634335518]
[0.4753708243370056]
[0.015180474147200584]
[0.04637230560183525]
[0.010440102778375149]
[0.7739280462265015]
[0.008530248887836933]
[0.6543585062026978]
[0.24793559312820435]
[0.009616256691515446]
[0.06899353116750717]
[0.040870312601327896]
[0.30590662360191345]
[0.34395164251327515]
[0.01665627956390381]
[0.09458925575017929]
[0.1323629915714264]
[0.010371693409979343]
[0.01609821990132332]
[0.022284124046564102]
[0.010436206124722958]
[0.01051663514226675]
[0.040800679475069046]
[0.7885084748268127]
[0.08007712662220001]
[0.01821107417345047]
[0.178331658244133]
[0.01807004027068615]
[0.009889704175293446]
[0.010205949656665325]
[0.011760358698666096]
[0.014657900668680668]
[0.010325232520699501]
[0.2820146083831787]
[0.009010573849081993]
[0.06861512362957001]
[0.010208484716713428]
[0.009812258183956146]
[0.0968269556760788]
[0.22516754269599915]
[0.015390736982226372]
[0.01592353731393814]
[0.045477766543626785]
[0.341719388961792]
[0.03986167535185814]
[0.013144371099770069]
[0.023750895634293556]
[0.019491294398903847]
[0.011877729557454586]
[1.1707006692886353]
[0.01088716834783554]
[0.01538296788930893]
[0.039364639669656754]
[0.011489327065646648]
[0.01037209015339613]
[6.122190475463867]
[0.07551645487546921]
[0.017285937443375587]
[0.01599002815783024]
[0.21340511739253998]
[0.008989714086055756]
[0.19924034178256989]
[0.010037597268819809]
[0.015568009577691555]
[0.09630206972360611]
[0.04716365039348602]
[0.0962497815489769]
[0.01006893627345562]
[0.9591196179389954]
[0.2638236880302429]
[0.013598566874861717]
[0.020967289805412292]
[0.025157544761896133]
[0.00867483764886856]
[0.01011752150952816]
[0.021197032183408737]
[0.022462155669927597]
[0.008481399156153202]
[0.011875966563820839]
[9.291831970214844]
[0.27561047673225403]
[0.007490708027034998]
[0.6509130001068115]
[0.0097509091719985]
[0.009921847842633724]
[0.008346420712769032]
[0.017583437263965607]
[0.022592950612306595]
[0.0633011907339096]
[0.05000455677509308]
[0.08895575255155563]
[0.43989551067352295]
[0.010744290426373482]
[0.0096309008076787]
[0.1285102814435959]
[0.6857986450195312]
[0.565061628818512]
[0.01140968780964613]
[0.023745868355035782]
[0.022946955636143684]
[0.9661526679992676]
[0.4285743236541748]
[0.1152871623635292]
[0.017723698168992996]
[0.009011819027364254]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.03680627420544624]
[0.041247181594371796]
[0.461992084980011]
[0.052049554884433746]
[0.0065621123649179935]
[0.2468530535697937]
[0.01559445820748806]
[0.01700490526854992]
[0.010371015407145023]
[0.018865611404180527]
[0.018904944881796837]
[0.007286768406629562]
[0.014792808331549168]
[0.0071937404572963715]
[0.023791398853063583]
[0.09656441956758499]
[16.47931480407715]
[0.00804829504340887]
[0.03725074976682663]
[0.015622993931174278]
[0.3334341049194336]
[0.3182491958141327]
[0.029347727075219154]
[0.09671057015657425]
[0.011191134341061115]
[0.09667247533798218]
[0.1214919313788414]
[0.18586300313472748]
[0.35957828164100647]
[0.08603474497795105]
[0.020160095766186714]
[0.2388574182987213]
[0.7628373503684998]
[3.7268593311309814]
[2.7119338512420654]
[59.5481071472168]
[0.6370323896408081]
[0.011804384179413319]
[2.2512452602386475]
[0.010618351399898529]
[0.022027509286999702]
[0.033751022070646286]
[0.008850888349115849]
[3.4447197914123535]
[3.6936821937561035]
[0.33078983426094055]
[0.008714254945516586]
[0.1173180490732193]
[0.7560560703277588]
[0.008697467856109142]
[0.011937057599425316]
[0.015837645158171654]
[1.9138909578323364]
[4.137908458709717]
[0.045550379902124405]
[0.008930360898375511]
[2.3568739891052246]
[0.42970994114875793]
[0.33102282881736755]
[0.009117632173001766]
[1.1385151147842407]
[0.10404407232999802]
[0.19278255105018616]
[13.3157958984375]
[0.009402314200997353]
[0.10912415385246277]
[0.009863777086138725]
[14.020851135253906]
[0.0202834103256464]
[0.010158820077776909]
[0.010101229883730412]
[0.022501222789287567]
[1.7378405332565308]
[0.11308925598859787]
[0.013692804612219334]
[0.09734343737363815]
[0.01039762981235981]
[0.28008347749710083]
[0.9911026954650879]
[1.0534042119979858]
[0.14578668773174286]
[0.02544165402650833]
[7.475439071655273]
[0.09837613999843597]
[1.1721484661102295]
[2.188257932662964]
[0.01175464503467083]
[0.011909851804375648]
[0.03343334421515465]
[0.40393516421318054]
[11.867236137390137]
[1.8037186861038208]
[0.013045208528637886]
[0.20191378891468048]
[0.12614235281944275]
[0.3122268617153168]
[0.2392468899488449]
[1.7693525552749634]
[0.04547899216413498]
[0.2136555165052414]
[0.06901142746210098]
[0.10180327296257019]
[0.014075089246034622]
[0.11376844346523285]
[1.4340615272521973]
[0.014124973677098751]
[45.649681091308594]
[0.01477225311100483]
[0.006904739886522293]
[0.02586500346660614]
[0.020906144753098488]
[0.016115983948111534]
[0.014667238108813763]
[0.015102442353963852]
[0.1633307784795761]
[0.36033400893211365]
[0.015433358028531075]
[0.07472208142280579]
[0.28212976455688477]
[2.094085693359375]
[0.01578485406935215]
[0.06720395386219025]
[0.27500638365745544]
[0.015627915039658546]
[0.08644168078899384]
[0.07547418773174286]
[0.33999478816986084]
[0.24142688512802124]
[0.16162115335464478]
[0.2464766651391983]
[16.49691390991211]
[0.18908019363880157]
[0.20441114902496338]
[0.015772808343172073]
[0.8012739419937134]
[0.10807067900896072]
[0.026238415390253067]
[0.441015362739563]
[1.8502168655395508]
[0.016591444611549377]
[1.0365921258926392]
[0.6878297924995422]
[0.02451436221599579]
[0.18181449174880981]
[1.262529730796814]
[5.251863479614258]
[0.16367433965206146]
[1.5004675388336182]
[0.20144735276699066]
[0.024032915011048317]
[0.11793520301580429]
[0.06265275180339813]
[0.11172160506248474]
[0.11021699011325836]
[0.3355976343154907]
[0.0688243880867958]
[0.02297116443514824]
[1.0257811546325684]
[2.9366085529327393]
[0.023845793679356575]
[0.12970304489135742]
[0.013044626452028751]
[0.0540628582239151]
[0.03723188489675522]
[0.10092650353908539]
[0.20609261095523834]
[0.3942849040031433]
[0.043674640357494354]
[0.466181218624115]
[0.05800681933760643]
[0.021150222048163414]
[0.01265418529510498]
[0.03520246222615242]
[0.1024499163031578]
[0.10018574446439743]
[0.012193369679152966]
[0.012305264361202717]
[0.019526906311511993]
[0.012472890317440033]
[12.075065612792969]
[0.02761787176132202]
[0.023325806483626366]
[0.012013171799480915]
[0.19506016373634338]
[0.05057629942893982]
[0.025427913293242455]
[0.8619670271873474]
[0.030169589444994926]
[1.9072813987731934]
[0.11531282216310501]
[0.04196522384881973]
[0.4599708914756775]
[0.011808118782937527]
[0.012370380572974682]
[0.02279083989560604]
[0.011899692006409168]
[0.02073383890092373]
[0.009914260357618332]
[0.3240775763988495]
[0.5080401301383972]
[0.012998609803617]
[0.046287208795547485]
[0.014915729872882366]
[0.6143622398376465]
[0.011954821646213531]
[0.025810837745666504]
[0.02675124630331993]
[0.0319909006357193]
[0.011712724342942238]
[0.009764659218490124]
[0.4330693185329437]
[0.018336204811930656]
[1.6294772624969482]
[0.011272525414824486]
[0.013119131326675415]
[0.09447333216667175]
[0.022198013961315155]
[8.757038116455078]
[0.007527417037636042]
[0.4094471037387848]
[0.01024051196873188]
[0.2909485101699829]
[0.017402902245521545]
[0.012115086428821087]
[0.01125473901629448]
[0.12282121926546097]
[0.009257989004254341]
[2.564760446548462]
[9.052133560180664]
[0.3316801190376282]
[0.011358973570168018]
[0.035504866391420364]
[0.020936720073223114]
[0.0690675675868988]
[0.05229392647743225]
[0.011240755207836628]
[0.19318656623363495]
[0.014134857803583145]
[0.01079672109335661]
[0.017888696864247322]
[0.01889861561357975]
[0.01579897105693817]
[0.14945435523986816]
[0.47381141781806946]
[0.013730487786233425]
[0.01265738159418106]
[0.05528249591588974]
[0.2015441507101059]
[0.010690183378756046]
[0.3460513651371002]
[0.011151066049933434]
[0.09893253445625305]
[0.09890497475862503]
[0.01140949223190546]
[0.20135973393917084]
[0.4629688262939453]
[0.033459264785051346]
[0.09205760806798935]
[0.6439367532730103]
[0.009282834827899933]
[0.008245432749390602]
[0.011021527461707592]
[0.09857127815485]
[0.011944608762860298]
[0.010960058309137821]
[0.010952452197670937]
[0.09842522442340851]
[0.022834600880742073]
[0.015645897015929222]
[0.47173580527305603]
[0.09825263917446136]
[0.01855304278433323]
[0.009725162759423256]
[0.01235208660364151]
[0.027479445561766624]
[2.5872342586517334]
[0.01897626742720604]
[0.01015365868806839]
[0.4815666079521179]
[0.010778835974633694]
[0.011105979792773724]
[0.9719557166099548]
[0.009716522879898548]
[0.6339753866195679]
[0.010725126601755619]
[0.05537903681397438]
[0.010746393352746964]
[0.01008828915655613]
[0.010693948715925217]
[0.5041449666023254]
[0.24581784009933472]
[0.010844039730727673]
[0.020700573921203613]
[0.16135483980178833]
[0.010751694440841675]
[0.09774420410394669]
[0.010746996849775314]
[0.09769891947507858]
[0.021504418924450874]
[0.010645504109561443]
[0.49158382415771484]
[0.09756375104188919]
[6.628293037414551]
[0.03220012038946152]
[0.00821711402386427]
[0.14589951932430267]
[0.016615068539977074]
[1.2113350629806519]
[0.010758918710052967]
[6.191113471984863]
[0.012555074878036976]
[0.0077322679571807384]
[0.00887141190469265]
[0.17273031175136566]
[0.027776485309004784]
[0.010467685759067535]
[0.01058279536664486]
[0.07049868255853653]
[0.025065744295716286]
[3.5054121017456055]
[0.26818957924842834]
[0.01003984548151493]
[0.009712510742247105]
[0.03375464305281639]
[0.008875656872987747]
[0.1966540664434433]
[27.166061401367188]
[0.010312551632523537]
[0.028621800243854523]
[0.01041344366967678]
[0.0070515102706849575]
[0.012069140560925007]
[0.018197083845734596]
[0.010563962161540985]
[0.010170886293053627]
[0.010350151918828487]
[0.0969017818570137]
[0.010817536152899265]
[0.007877293974161148]
[0.06214534863829613]
[0.02180158533155918]
[0.010108216665685177]
[0.0239627193659544]
[2.563720703125]
[0.11038852483034134]
[0.013718049973249435]
[0.04168472811579704]
[0.014919988811016083]
[0.020030686631798744]
[0.01008375734090805]
[0.4612036943435669]
[0.00589907867833972]
[0.09655103087425232]
[0.022406715899705887]
[0.05258433520793915]
[1.0019909143447876]
[0.00984929408878088]
[0.010065257549285889]
[0.4068935513496399]
[0.010916689410805702]
[5.2670979499816895]
[0.00982152670621872]
[0.010020963847637177]
[0.02594440057873726]
[0.02418980747461319]
[0.011150135658681393]
[0.007383736316114664]
[0.033760279417037964]
[0.010103458538651466]
[0.010717597790062428]
[0.01016186736524105]
[0.3482877314090729]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.009797145612537861]
[0.00978770200163126]
[0.029208363965153694]
[0.010317014530301094]
[0.009865297935903072]
[0.02497613988816738]
[0.15025942027568817]
[0.025275953114032745]
[0.006594032049179077]
[0.013682428747415543]
[1.01763117313385]
[0.2574257254600525]
[0.25859904289245605]
[0.16984209418296814]
[0.006553604733198881]
[0.02839619666337967]
[0.09621704369783401]
[0.1142706573009491]
[0.01757846400141716]
[0.009993160143494606]
[0.09605869650840759]
[0.037725262343883514]
[0.00955930259078741]
[0.03616156801581383]
[0.00812510121613741]
[0.00967295654118061]
[0.9070584774017334]
[1.0573776960372925]
[0.007819531485438347]
[0.13269062340259552]
[0.6737506985664368]
[0.12163261324167252]
[0.370764821767807]
[0.13818694651126862]
[0.04017985984683037]
[0.010609702207148075]
[0.009862666949629784]
[0.010110595263540745]
[0.009604507125914097]
[0.005543675273656845]
[0.008074022829532623]
[0.007800044026225805]
[0.047999005764722824]
[0.005584248341619968]
[0.009679547511041164]
[0.00859376322478056]
[0.9779401421546936]
[0.9777554273605347]
[0.6642834544181824]
[0.009633420035243034]
[0.00560222752392292]
[0.006733072455972433]
[0.05059817433357239]
[0.009600882418453693]
[0.6332606673240662]
[0.007061166688799858]
[0.022072257474064827]
[0.06933026015758514]
[2.6665735244750977]
[0.25134557485580444]
[0.769978940486908]
[0.009720651432871819]
[0.02269020862877369]
[0.12156593054533005]
[0.04540400952100754]
[0.7067393660545349]
[0.03430040180683136]
[0.02596796303987503]
[17.788097381591797]
[0.008640676736831665]
[1.3149734735488892]
[0.009943751618266106]
[0.03701982647180557]
[0.2774336338043213]
[0.08404284715652466]
[0.008007696829736233]
[0.020069528371095657]
[0.5439154505729675]
[0.036296598613262177]
[0.2518767714500427]
[0.006464287638664246]
[0.33569326996803284]
[0.007070903666317463]
[0.010206404142081738]
[0.04355459660291672]
[0.25229257345199585]
[3.2429392337799072]
[0.0957772508263588]
[6.465489387512207]
[0.020550677552819252]
[0.18571676313877106]
[0.0100242355838418]
[0.010219856165349483]
[0.8509589433670044]
[0.011730882339179516]
[0.034788262099027634]
[0.03497232124209404]
[0.3038952946662903]
[0.7205252051353455]
[0.028978852555155754]
[0.3113071620464325]
[0.011565184220671654]
[0.013722037896513939]
[0.016446080058813095]
[0.015814267098903656]
[0.09560361504554749]
[0.01111689954996109]
[0.0176550205796957]
[0.017935940995812416]
[0.01856175810098648]
[0.022380974143743515]
[0.2057686299085617]
[0.009287259541451931]
[0.5222669839859009]
[0.03324603661894798]
[0.009947743266820908]
[2.0208334922790527]
[0.009540528990328312]
[0.33401477336883545]
[0.026862649247050285]
[0.09519965946674347]
[0.01027047261595726]
[0.013575335964560509]
[0.011191580444574356]
[0.027570586651563644]
[0.012306535616517067]
[0.285153865814209]
[0.10449470579624176]
[0.04927044361829758]
[0.009585513733327389]
[0.32230350375175476]
[0.1360166221857071]
[0.25111404061317444]
[0.009440895169973373]
[0.0925874263048172]
[0.09478394687175751]
[0.01021970622241497]
[0.9668633341789246]
[0.3248872458934784]
[0.027078483253717422]
[2.9089441299438477]
[0.6100674271583557]
[0.009111850522458553]
[0.011002634651958942]
[0.00879481341689825]
[0.25573548674583435]
[0.009245242923498154]
[0.009128142148256302]
[0.19811363518238068]
[0.20535032451152802]
[0.00906679593026638]
[1.6956508159637451]
[0.008545668795704842]
[0.00904606282711029]
[0.9683271050453186]
[0.022552011534571648]
[0.09081350266933441]
[0.017860393971204758]
[0.008298992179334164]
[1.8428617715835571]
[0.00992672611027956]
[0.009029068052768707]
[0.00927658099681139]
[0.009324511513113976]
[0.009354675188660622]
[0.40478748083114624]
[0.12094191461801529]
[0.224652960896492]
[0.20321246981620789]
[0.41239169239997864]
[0.00921549927443266]
[0.26638391613960266]
[0.008932743221521378]
[10.633437156677246]
[0.00934462621808052]
[0.016801869496703148]
[0.016860591247677803]
[0.008107160218060017]
[0.005788540467619896]
[0.3838846981525421]
[0.4668186902999878]
[0.7000780701637268]
[0.018722333014011383]
[0.03626517951488495]
[1.7081669569015503]
[0.009304271079599857]
[1.0820823907852173]
[0.14116691052913666]
[0.02096453867852688]
[0.17998751997947693]
[6.028946399688721]
[0.016656897962093353]
[0.009060913696885109]
[0.007919000461697578]
[0.009968411177396774]
[0.009542975574731827]
[0.008893288671970367]
[0.009803238324820995]
[0.03323975205421448]
[0.2556249499320984]
[0.21745389699935913]
[0.008723319508135319]
[0.07922830432653427]
[0.09420135617256165]
[0.008767098188400269]
[0.6869165301322937]
[0.014612574130296707]
[0.7057409882545471]
[0.008674943819642067]
[0.01433481927961111]
[4.068680286407471]
[0.011019295081496239]
[0.006355531048029661]
[0.00881475955247879]
[0.28291618824005127]
[0.010496930219233036]
[0.02022809535264969]
[0.015057871118187904]
[0.008931182324886322]
[0.008600007742643356]
[0.00863842386752367]
[0.12011507153511047]
[0.09390753507614136]
[0.015882566571235657]
[0.008709537796676159]
[0.008615292608737946]
[0.008096639066934586]
[0.008642131462693214]
[0.5845253467559814]
[0.004927230533212423]
[0.008724603801965714]
[0.346588671207428]
[0.5928981304168701]
[0.0156736858189106]
[0.02911149524152279]
[0.40252864360809326]
[0.13154205679893494]
[0.522046685218811]
[1.7993053197860718]
[0.008365942165255547]
[0.09367377310991287]
[0.0097089484333992]
[9.037012100219727]
[0.009022409096360207]
[0.21930837631225586]
[0.008391639217734337]
[0.07417948544025421]
[0.41624370217323303]
[0.009451390244066715]
[0.16424919664859772]
[0.11965975910425186]
[0.0150929419323802]
[0.014725152403116226]
[0.023830071091651917]
[0.2133183479309082]
[0.008557986468076706]
[0.008628874085843563]
[0.34110957384109497]
[0.01022694818675518]
[0.009935007430613041]
[0.06972506642341614]
[0.022066304460167885]
[4.709473609924316]
[0.7647091150283813]
[0.01684996671974659]
[0.005936960689723492]
[0.004515554290264845]
[6.8452558517456055]
[0.015961069613695145]
[0.008337694220244884]
[0.01804700493812561]
[0.017381593585014343]
[0.07503793388605118]
[0.01675279811024666]
[0.11759080737829208]
[1.1660826206207275]
[0.01208420004695654]
[0.0430586114525795]
[0.02824944257736206]
[0.015786850824952126]
[0.10302529484033585]
[0.23433762788772583]
[0.004591990262269974]
[0.38692837953567505]
[0.008145216852426529]
[0.010061047039926052]
[0.008502518758177757]
[0.008153020404279232]
[0.008285479620099068]
[0.23491628468036652]
[0.016697179526090622]
[0.00821713451296091]
[0.005428347736597061]
[0.009089692495763302]
[0.04657631367444992]
[0.0937417522072792]
[0.004809453617781401]
[0.050451669842004776]
[0.006037179380655289]
[0.01533929631114006]
[0.30941954255104065]
[0.516197919845581]
[0.8145956993103027]
[0.007977591827511787]
[0.027421442791819572]
[2.763435125350952]
[0.0073169320821762085]
[0.4972365200519562]
[1.0002518892288208]
[0.36807867884635925]
[0.01560322754085064]
[0.008314687758684158]
[0.00875191017985344]
[0.20467762649059296]
[0.047731176018714905]
[0.3885897696018219]
[0.006913297343999147]
[0.016512854024767876]
[0.41748756170272827]
[0.009345123544335365]
[0.283049076795578]
[0.008778276853263378]
[0.009353134781122208]
[0.012039232067763805]
[0.008722091093659401]
[0.0061715273186564445]
[0.5614943504333496]
[0.019553957507014275]
[0.09397141635417938]
[0.6154385209083557]
[0.005547105800360441]
[0.04208556190133095]
[0.21175968647003174]
[0.019279353320598602]
[0.03631361573934555]
[0.012178211472928524]
[0.008502012118697166]
[0.021122407168149948]
[0.016269264742732048]
[5.519883632659912]
[0.9882588386535645]
[0.009410739876329899]
[0.009524830617010593]
[0.01721140556037426]
[0.006194693502038717]
[0.006239963695406914]
[0.29063650965690613]
[0.008337682113051414]
[0.02032420225441456]
[0.4075789153575897]
[0.020180197432637215]
[0.009836938232183456]
[0.07172536849975586]
[0.008320016786456108]
[0.008925889618694782]
[0.009990300983190536]
[0.023781366646289825]
[0.16912057995796204]
[1.255325436592102]
[0.029786039143800735]
[1.808182954788208]
[0.0937865749001503]
[0.008903981186449528]
[0.021711425855755806]
[0.37660643458366394]
[0.00881996750831604]
[0.008221441879868507]
[0.00582769513130188]
[0.009960094466805458]
[0.008151710964739323]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.008378887549042702]
[0.31998109817504883]
[0.008228079415857792]
[0.036923088133335114]
[0.07988153398036957]
[0.13639555871486664]
[0.012448729015886784]
[0.00810263678431511]
[0.009120168164372444]
[0.008071879856288433]
[0.00804760493338108]
[0.013718869537115097]
[0.008463962934911251]
[0.008057890459895134]
[0.007862843573093414]
[0.49758487939834595]
[0.16723041236400604]
[0.21332557499408722]
[0.009901361539959908]
[0.008011977188289165]
[0.0058549074456095695]
[0.008236508816480637]
[0.009005292318761349]
[0.4176090955734253]
[0.031871747225522995]
[0.00802802387624979]
[0.18126174807548523]
[0.007910851389169693]
[0.027904324233531952]
[0.02091812901198864]
[0.5133429169654846]
[0.09413807839155197]
[0.008173222653567791]
[0.008082709275186062]
[0.025157060474157333]
[0.007966491393744946]
[0.0069158729165792465]
[0.5286685824394226]
[0.008651443757116795]
[4.464975357055664]
[0.020424682646989822]
[0.4150266647338867]
[0.007984164170920849]
[0.007088155020028353]
[0.008046994917094707]
[0.20090843737125397]
[0.016704916954040527]
[0.7116045951843262]
[1.217639684677124]
[0.027433430776000023]
[0.38190868496894836]
[0.0047124396078288555]
[0.008051459677517414]
[0.00731721380725503]
[1.0531893968582153]
[0.00804615393280983]
[0.2911647856235504]
[5.125420570373535]
[0.005959636531770229]
[0.00893173087388277]
[0.005362285766750574]
[0.008009975776076317]
[0.0975923165678978]
[0.009547511115670204]
[0.007160079665482044]
[0.008217285387217999]
[0.009632207453250885]
[0.017639394849538803]
[0.008176607079803944]
[0.5555742383003235]
[0.27216529846191406]
[0.09362810850143433]
[0.11953737586736679]
[0.013969424180686474]
[0.33295559883117676]
[0.005066783633083105]
[0.37004828453063965]
[0.007872248068451881]
[0.01014056708663702]
[0.14158475399017334]
[0.022134365513920784]
[0.004896132275462151]
[0.21542850136756897]
[0.2909570634365082]
[0.009920153766870499]
[0.03484393283724785]
[0.5438058376312256]
[0.042436253279447556]
[0.7731663584709167]
[0.09320759773254395]
[0.0669221356511116]
[0.07274805009365082]
[0.014508514665067196]
[0.09312191605567932]
[0.07596636563539505]
[0.09305305778980255]
[0.004917818121612072]
[0.03889378160238266]
[0.31337666511535645]
[1.0540416240692139]
[0.018218304961919785]
[3.2016711235046387]
[0.09282789379358292]
[0.509274423122406]
[0.020404238253831863]
[0.008305326104164124]
[0.007916588336229324]
[0.007842803373932838]
[0.006397110875695944]
[0.00800963956862688]
[0.026425711810588837]
[0.05258391052484512]
[0.007797288708388805]
[0.013293770141899586]
[0.007400891277939081]
[0.010667722672224045]
[0.05137152224779129]
[0.22947916388511658]
[1.102685809135437]
[0.5455769300460815]
[0.014755708165466785]
[0.20771817862987518]
[0.0075101666152477264]
[0.0068183415569365025]
[0.20689159631729126]
[0.007735151797533035]
[0.09610716998577118]
[0.007733505219221115]
[0.014055544510483742]
[0.2616237699985504]
[0.00730961374938488]
[0.3729051649570465]
[0.24453380703926086]
[0.03894157335162163]
[0.25163543224334717]
[0.3481912910938263]
[0.02639356069266796]
[0.015507492236793041]
[0.07272592186927795]
[0.43086105585098267]
[0.008586389012634754]
[0.007025666069239378]
[0.007287300191819668]
[0.007281115744262934]
[0.04255925118923187]
[0.021610228344798088]
[2.3160431385040283]
[0.7275460958480835]
[0.09038986265659332]
[0.0053110732696950436]
[0.3504396378993988]
[0.22280998528003693]
[0.18565517663955688]
[0.10709557682275772]
[0.006705934181809425]
[0.9818090200424194]
[0.007376709952950478]
[0.017340872436761856]
[0.008177844807505608]
[0.349762499332428]
[0.00800020806491375]
[0.008537220768630505]
[0.02198423072695732]
[0.09277787804603577]
[0.008299869485199451]
[0.022872671484947205]
[0.0052342526614665985]
[0.006388165522366762]
[17.962390899658203]
[0.021795665845274925]
[1.8094264268875122]
[0.007661075796931982]
[0.0056629120372235775]
[0.022264426574110985]
[0.1302822232246399]
[0.27742013335227966]
[0.44438472390174866]
[0.007815896533429623]
[0.22987276315689087]
[0.008584653027355671]
[0.4658113121986389]
[0.0440702810883522]
[0.038296811282634735]
[0.051116205751895905]
[0.0776980072259903]
[0.6603199243545532]
[0.010859851725399494]
[0.007703348994255066]
[0.007854713127017021]
[0.33371907472610474]
[0.5803309082984924]
[0.5178409814834595]
[0.00767527474090457]
[0.09251466393470764]
[0.01643010415136814]
[0.13922004401683807]
[0.01065809279680252]
[0.019733525812625885]
[0.007783321663737297]
[0.016461297869682312]
[0.6626145243644714]
[0.5917403697967529]
[9.212671279907227]
[0.006442694459110498]
[0.006582548841834068]
[0.20733791589736938]
[2.3448002338409424]
[0.40303707122802734]
[0.0926806628704071]
[0.4773385226726532]
[0.14528188109397888]
[0.007824024185538292]
[0.011143876239657402]
[0.007830506190657616]
[0.007886333391070366]
[0.025306571274995804]
[0.008529816754162312]
[0.01098215114325285]
[0.055940259248018265]
[0.02379537746310234]
[0.007909534499049187]
[0.2926591634750366]
[0.2927142083644867]
[0.008046028204262257]
[0.09255351126194]
[2.2483201026916504]
[0.016074351966381073]
[0.13292564451694489]
[0.015884608030319214]
[0.3810172379016876]
[0.4279331564903259]
[0.005126848816871643]
[0.006610372569411993]
[0.23351925611495972]
[0.00773040484637022]
[0.33035922050476074]
[0.12308964878320694]
[0.6597750782966614]
[0.008913764730095863]
[0.008958518505096436]
[0.09204371273517609]
[0.04742327705025673]
[0.11984848976135254]
[0.00774101447314024]
[0.01415629405528307]
[0.007644261699169874]
[0.005315674003213644]
[0.01739244908094406]
[0.426967978477478]
[0.016174575313925743]
[0.03846699371933937]
[2.689171552658081]
[0.008823859505355358]
[0.008235041052103043]
[0.24838191270828247]
[0.6182164549827576]
[0.018563227728009224]
[0.1197972372174263]
[0.9120079874992371]
[0.01236606016755104]
[0.00776016665622592]
[0.02389885112643242]
[0.20706532895565033]
[2.584059953689575]
[0.4817185699939728]
[0.007899043150246143]
[0.0058844927698373795]
[0.007641033735126257]
[0.03694769740104675]
[0.008061917498707771]
[0.4786682426929474]
[0.0058724768459796906]
[0.010227229446172714]
[0.0069508482702076435]
[0.0898120179772377]
[0.0917530506849289]
[0.007380856201052666]
[0.0076913414523005486]
[0.3024525046348572]
[0.023298313841223717]
[0.007535266689956188]
[0.0073445928283035755]
[0.07600133121013641]
[0.035492900758981705]
[0.11990675330162048]
[0.4412950575351715]
[0.2551679015159607]
[0.018035119399428368]
[0.23255348205566406]
[0.018775956705212593]
[0.03069296106696129]
[0.007382098585367203]
[0.016681425273418427]
[0.008400265127420425]
[0.026680462062358856]
[0.008315939456224442]
[0.021172869950532913]
[0.01078980416059494]
[0.016224535182118416]
[0.00797633733600378]
[0.007763813715428114]
[0.8144106268882751]
[0.01064752321690321]
[0.01913013495504856]
[0.015733620151877403]
[0.008023541420698166]
[0.00835173949599266]
[0.012963417917490005]
[0.05985308811068535]
[0.01647437922656536]
[0.1764470636844635]
[6.439400672912598]
[0.007274998351931572]
[0.01371606346219778]
[0.019409365952014923]
[0.11952526867389679]
[0.02481192536652088]
[0.009499195963144302]
[0.008829871192574501]
[0.007534176576882601]
[0.005649307277053595]
[0.13016337156295776]
[0.00711690541356802]
[0.11921607702970505]
[0.005793426185846329]
[0.04116901010274887]
[0.09141846746206284]
[3.1962080001831055]
[0.029399367049336433]
[0.017548484727740288]
[0.9786763787269592]
[0.00750386156141758]
[0.007448388729244471]
[0.008264126256108284]
[0.007278027478605509]
[0.1816675215959549]
[0.9673280119895935]
[0.007528660818934441]
[0.04038645327091217]
[0.021706027910113335]
[0.005516935605555773]
[0.34123778343200684]
[0.007110030855983496]
[0.6543082594871521]
[0.005532589741051197]
[0.2250877171754837]
[0.3902477025985718]
[0.01005624607205391]
[0.016996530815958977]
[0.35570740699768066]
[0.3201636075973511]
[0.00886970479041338]
[0.09139485657215118]
[0.007565647829324007]
[0.3525083065032959]
[0.1554945558309555]
[0.025119787082076073]
[0.9471845030784607]
[0.007365578785538673]
[0.008200003765523434]
[0.022714214399456978]
[0.007646716665476561]
[0.006177986040711403]
[0.1753661334514618]
[0.007597061339765787]
[0.28030914068222046]
[0.3026523292064667]
[0.007370440289378166]
[0.007032050285488367]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.2990397810935974]
[0.07914748042821884]
[0.012930624186992645]
[0.006479005794972181]
[0.8102953433990479]
[2.7457010746002197]
[0.6314994692802429]
[0.005798898171633482]
[0.012636402621865273]
[0.3459419012069702]
[0.007398558314889669]
[0.00585142569616437]
[0.0913829430937767]
[0.026328157633543015]
[0.2650259733200073]
[1.6048163175582886]
[0.007219461724162102]
[0.9815911650657654]
[0.007360431365668774]
[0.023760264739394188]
[2.092857599258423]
[0.008037569932639599]
[0.026395438238978386]
[0.0094272056594491]
[0.00769948260858655]
[0.02174614928662777]
[0.6371060609817505]
[0.007247131317853928]
[0.4200812578201294]
[0.0182693749666214]
[0.021915370598435402]
[0.5433111190795898]
[0.007130013778805733]
[0.03949166089296341]
[1.1022968292236328]
[0.5177553296089172]
[0.016064688563346863]
[0.00826091319322586]
[0.0073236930184066296]
[0.018085401505231857]
[0.03911150246858597]
[0.1198045164346695]
[2.5592734813690186]
[0.024895543232560158]
[0.05870532616972923]
[0.012917849235236645]
[0.018906353041529655]
[0.007182191126048565]
[0.013000501319766045]
[0.02682124450802803]
[0.00979692954570055]
[6.606351852416992]
[0.0066934446804225445]
[0.005683761090040207]
[0.007130580022931099]
[0.007120147813111544]
[0.006895606406033039]
[0.3291364312171936]
[0.009728428907692432]
[0.0794464647769928]
[0.08534377068281174]
[0.009518874809145927]
[0.006842907518148422]
[0.07421447336673737]
[0.005328215193003416]
[0.015404983423650265]
[0.007429790683090687]
[0.5232458710670471]
[0.09152074158191681]
[0.007302288897335529]
[0.007099892012774944]
[0.19470520317554474]
[0.009176312945783138]
[0.12513123452663422]
[0.0070175910368561745]
[0.0070050847716629505]
[7.022546768188477]
[0.031031202524900436]
[0.006697454024106264]
[0.12040908634662628]
[0.03684702888131142]
[0.008542834781110287]
[0.9678423404693604]
[0.6952705979347229]
[0.007493447046726942]
[0.008167731575667858]
[0.01646200381219387]
[0.08961281180381775]
[0.03598496690392494]
[0.9284380078315735]
[0.006307641044259071]
[0.006861201953142881]
[0.09125915169715881]
[0.09124857187271118]
[0.0064768437296152115]
[0.2843780815601349]
[0.32039058208465576]
[0.011387885548174381]
[0.47127801179885864]
[0.2446507066488266]
[0.4843261241912842]
[0.007141475565731525]
[0.04470440372824669]
[0.02887788601219654]
[0.007503105793148279]
[0.04616884887218475]
[0.006857650354504585]
[0.7122170925140381]
[0.053658366203308105]
[0.026894984766840935]
[0.09130123257637024]
[0.01620064303278923]
[0.09131583571434021]
[0.10100234299898148]
[0.2348051220178604]
[0.006862092763185501]
[0.12020454555749893]
[0.005413115490227938]
[0.20376047492027283]
[0.006361107341945171]
[0.012635938823223114]
[0.08645469695329666]
[0.1202562153339386]
[0.04337991401553154]
[0.41445544362068176]
[0.0070683304220438]
[0.29819267988204956]
[0.007535307202488184]
[0.009839959442615509]
[0.007117714732885361]
[0.006696898955851793]
[0.10378198325634003]
[0.007393671665340662]
[0.27334490418434143]
[0.341237872838974]
[0.5351888537406921]
[0.00717207184061408]
[0.653654158115387]
[0.6529818773269653]
[0.0064391219057142735]
[0.01261481735855341]
[0.39392074942588806]
[0.11835180222988129]
[0.007360941264778376]
[0.0051501099951565266]
[0.22094854712486267]
[0.0050913081504404545]
[0.005508489441126585]
[1.162108063697815]
[0.12060492485761642]
[0.021192559972405434]
[0.006749982945621014]
[0.5469778180122375]
[0.06400641798973083]
[4.548501491546631]
[0.008241739124059677]
[0.007321545388549566]
[0.007426504045724869]
[0.03371521458029747]
[0.029057998210191727]
[0.045832838863134384]
[0.01293970737606287]
[0.41986083984375]
[0.007260933984071016]
[0.018864840269088745]
[0.45078200101852417]
[0.2002846896648407]
[0.2197098582983017]
[6.838906764984131]
[0.9488850235939026]
[0.0769052803516388]
[0.005363366100937128]
[0.0070923613384366035]
[0.21315261721611023]
[0.007230181712657213]
[0.8895099759101868]
[0.00713411346077919]
[0.007047934923321009]
[0.013947620056569576]
[0.007119685877114534]
[0.11694832891225815]
[0.00683427881449461]
[0.01945907063782215]
[0.01268153078854084]
[0.025234656408429146]
[0.008954530581831932]
[0.06690333783626556]
[13.7219820022583]
[0.007784364279359579]
[0.007025653030723333]
[0.007131051272153854]
[0.12447743117809296]
[0.029678497463464737]
[0.33675938844680786]
[0.00715909106656909]
[0.01504989992827177]
[0.009801446460187435]
[0.12720493972301483]
[0.0796680748462677]
[1.045854091644287]
[0.12052839249372482]
[0.19561193883419037]
[0.9671358466148376]
[0.014834140427410603]
[0.09176323562860489]
[0.008357972837984562]
[0.5877792239189148]
[0.5107978582382202]
[0.09151137620210648]
[1.2320258617401123]
[1.671776294708252]
[0.08756997436285019]
[0.5077952742576599]
[0.5196491479873657]
[0.006507617421448231]
[0.40505683422088623]
[2.479600429534912]
[0.006299817934632301]
[0.30729496479034424]
[1.2060647010803223]
[0.01549780648201704]
[0.39730656147003174]
[0.006028039380908012]
[0.006726049352437258]
[0.026974769309163094]
[1.4729456901550293]
[0.11951615661382675]
[0.009246313013136387]
[0.23431049287319183]
[0.4737240672111511]
[0.11573324352502823]
[0.05589219555258751]
[0.14359928667545319]
[0.020486969500780106]
[5.8305487632751465]
[0.8414190411567688]
[0.0080734733492136]
[0.06378915160894394]
[0.05387374758720398]
[0.025919487699866295]
[0.15752100944519043]
[0.36625388264656067]
[0.054028261452913284]
[0.6448304057121277]
[0.1366143673658371]
[1.5419209003448486]
[0.4484621286392212]
[0.02410445362329483]
[1.2365388870239258]
[0.4786653518676758]
[0.02540612779557705]
[0.0061698053032159805]
[0.006592913065105677]
[0.8288800716400146]
[0.08884504437446594]
[0.006466750055551529]
[0.03117338940501213]
[1.6762248277664185]
[0.2840098440647125]
[1.2909663915634155]
[0.9687659740447998]
[0.007538354489952326]
[0.006189942825585604]
[0.013329875655472279]
[0.014519921503961086]
[0.045714329928159714]
[0.01703544333577156]
[0.060407668352127075]
[0.01859474927186966]
[0.33826377987861633]
[0.021288122981786728]
[0.007004209328442812]
[0.04565313458442688]
[0.006605071481317282]
[0.006494028959423304]
[0.006223611067980528]
[0.11503106355667114]
[0.2098689079284668]
[0.6710449457168579]
[0.8165539503097534]
[0.38000476360321045]
[0.006819200702011585]
[0.03257868438959122]
[0.016410687938332558]
[0.0057366276159882545]
[0.008712788112461567]
[0.006675976328551769]
[0.009614463895559311]
[0.006704892963171005]
[0.0061360569670796394]
[0.07798714935779572]
[0.021202588453888893]
[0.011238264851272106]
[0.06611638516187668]
[0.007001752965152264]
[0.7174704074859619]
[0.7776183485984802]
[0.006671659182757139]
[0.010584777221083641]
[0.40479937195777893]
[0.059734802693128586]
[0.09065468609333038]
[0.00693896971642971]
[0.8021667003631592]
[0.20813621580600739]
[0.2465704083442688]
[0.006591629236936569]
[0.0071297502145171165]
[0.0067438059486448765]
[0.006642474327236414]
[0.6889510154724121]
[0.005920395255088806]
[0.007993364706635475]
[0.006957664620131254]
[5.350282669067383]
[0.057527314871549606]
[0.04375072568655014]
[0.16648422181606293]
[0.45276081562042236]
[0.08104706555604935]
[0.006748897489160299]
[0.05410325899720192]
[0.3750203847885132]
[0.24286434054374695]
[0.007902833633124828]
[0.006437803618609905]
[1.6996283531188965]
[0.04736015200614929]
[0.2979084849357605]
[0.009375160560011864]
[0.12057226896286011]
[0.0342036634683609]
[0.3380090296268463]
[0.1451200544834137]
[0.050207704305648804]
[0.11178562045097351]
[0.09097994863986969]
[1.3128901720046997]
[0.059059906750917435]
[0.00903098564594984]
[1.1106534004211426]
[0.04175974801182747]
[0.03228170424699783]
[0.006640969309955835]
[0.006847089156508446]
[0.007578528486192226]
[0.02622225135564804]
[0.013615678995847702]
[1.919979214668274]
[0.7303051948547363]
[0.007241643499583006]
[0.008876594714820385]
[0.007070937659591436]
[0.007129115052521229]
[0.007151265628635883]
[0.8926270008087158]
[0.09175991266965866]
[0.050324615091085434]
[2.39752459526062]
[0.3603978455066681]
[0.19501404464244843]
[0.5512997508049011]
[0.2700158357620239]
[0.33880195021629333]
[0.00591025035828352]
[0.03869495168328285]
[0.023912811651825905]
[0.008303007110953331]
[0.4609443247318268]
[0.00790429301559925]
[0.019985606893897057]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.00800429005175829]
[0.008092561736702919]
[0.018027905374765396]
[0.016443006694316864]
[0.009505101479589939]
[0.1400974839925766]
[0.030719183385372162]
[0.006291517056524754]
[0.016533715650439262]
[0.00795188918709755]
[0.018243545666337013]
[0.007937033660709858]
[0.007394446525722742]
[0.008234407752752304]
[0.34255993366241455]
[0.06946633756160736]
[0.008376684971153736]
[0.0923263356089592]
[0.5053756237030029]
[0.8655728101730347]
[1.8479610681533813]
[0.007532790303230286]
[0.5948464274406433]
[0.21528327465057373]
[0.007605828810483217]
[0.33121806383132935]
[0.03601083904504776]
[0.008378515020012856]
[0.025721177458763123]
[0.057112663984298706]
[0.00616457499563694]
[0.07967236638069153]
[0.43364569544792175]
[0.5971384048461914]
[0.008894084952771664]
[0.007607609499245882]
[0.00889454036951065]
[0.03703727573156357]
[1.1440672874450684]
[0.009703617542982101]
[0.6178280115127563]
[0.007430663798004389]
[0.010762881487607956]
[0.008270530961453915]
[0.19404172897338867]
[0.6183040142059326]
[0.005808819551020861]
[0.09217208623886108]
[0.3258841037750244]
[0.007528234738856554]
[0.250348299741745]
[0.009501352906227112]
[0.08082538843154907]
[0.11625310778617859]
[0.020533831790089607]
[0.007359553128480911]
[0.03111347369849682]
[0.030123360455036163]
[0.4255230724811554]
[0.008126623928546906]
[0.9685282111167908]
[0.09214155375957489]
[0.0076522319577634335]
[0.011982554569840431]
[0.006392596755176783]
[0.008104728534817696]
[0.29352307319641113]
[0.027153784409165382]
[0.4409623444080353]
[0.27771440148353577]
[0.007974491454660892]
[0.6262180209159851]
[0.01785813458263874]
[0.03477068245410919]
[0.013179827481508255]
[0.007356676273047924]
[0.023501649498939514]
[0.012157631106674671]
[0.020318014547228813]
[0.007319936528801918]
[0.02267473004758358]
[0.007006675470620394]
[0.008417059667408466]
[0.007383978925645351]
[0.06843537092208862]
[0.01118477899581194]
[0.04160632938146591]
[0.24479329586029053]
[0.007781844586133957]
[0.0302516371011734]
[0.16221214830875397]
[0.008995964191854]
[0.017834996804594994]
[0.0527210533618927]
[0.04765589162707329]
[0.010928166098892689]
[0.007800649385899305]
[2.080028772354126]
[0.007296895608305931]
[0.46305590867996216]
[0.012451793998479843]
[0.007328916806727648]
[0.013769741170108318]
[0.01968356966972351]
[0.007298048585653305]
[0.018706103786826134]
[0.07392299920320511]
[0.006681250873953104]
[0.012986795976758003]
[0.008054040372371674]
[0.04142533242702484]
[0.008026850409805775]
[0.013142870739102364]
[0.007294473238289356]
[0.007351734675467014]
[0.09216815233230591]
[0.007558047771453857]
[0.031166810542345047]
[0.007617228198796511]
[0.2340543568134308]
[0.007632909808307886]
[0.020883893594145775]
[0.006816951557993889]
[0.007188343908637762]
[0.006040995940566063]
[0.3238371014595032]
[0.0577840656042099]
[0.4415856897830963]
[0.015357608906924725]
[0.034444209188222885]
[0.015113924629986286]
[0.007767105009406805]
[0.07876034826040268]
[0.023645026609301567]
[1.2200640439987183]
[0.11662282794713974]
[0.007318058051168919]
[0.15409143269062042]
[2.090944290161133]
[0.5179288983345032]
[0.006919152103364468]
[1.4071580171585083]
[1.9482730627059937]
[0.4641243815422058]
[0.021477878093719482]
[0.007061397656798363]
[0.013602479360997677]
[0.0351233184337616]
[0.14718087017536163]
[0.06090404465794563]
[0.04975741729140282]
[0.014721356332302094]
[0.25050684809684753]
[0.022241538390517235]
[0.01243678294122219]
[0.07457087188959122]
[0.5542018413543701]
[0.017805110663175583]
[0.015178155153989792]
[0.29142963886260986]
[0.5575125217437744]
[0.015565373934805393]
[0.04288260638713837]
[0.007617102935910225]
[0.007093099411576986]
[0.035844843834638596]
[0.007720195688307285]
[0.006127388682216406]
[0.02858871780335903]
[0.1141597107052803]
[6.138157367706299]
[1.6038100719451904]
[0.00712995883077383]
[0.4604986906051636]
[0.014433618634939194]
[0.006992105860263109]
[0.007141143549233675]
[0.7911518216133118]
[0.06936220824718475]
[0.061663918197155]
[0.12307004630565643]
[0.1230512261390686]
[0.12302394956350327]
[0.040449947118759155]
[0.011598935350775719]
[0.032182708382606506]
[0.007693656254559755]
[0.006952810101211071]
[1.399600625038147]
[0.2597052752971649]
[0.5823410153388977]
[0.00767068425193429]
[0.025731435045599937]
[0.007239205297082663]
[0.010237395763397217]
[0.46526965498924255]
[0.3936379551887512]
[0.00968090444803238]
[0.013315324671566486]
[0.008783603087067604]
[0.006951496470719576]
[0.007057539187371731]
[0.17760047316551208]
[0.04315604269504547]
[0.023905061185359955]
[0.509541928768158]
[0.01281729619950056]
[0.006924827117472887]
[0.5000902414321899]
[0.5700528621673584]
[1.7670097351074219]
[0.006962419021874666]
[0.006820419803261757]
[0.09162593632936478]
[0.008889788761734962]
[0.006756708491593599]
[0.5827327966690063]
[0.23479625582695007]
[4.256475448608398]
[0.052597030997276306]
[0.223312109708786]
[0.006872843485325575]
[0.22609159350395203]
[0.3556009531021118]
[0.006573864724487066]
[0.014388076961040497]
[0.006942447274923325]
[0.122795969247818]
[0.017350327223539352]
[0.01774555630981922]
[0.1421385556459427]
[0.09400507807731628]
[0.0906587764620781]
[0.016506802290678024]
[0.006855958607047796]
[0.0065528834238648415]
[0.00678126560524106]
[0.0344250462949276]
[0.014639195054769516]
[0.3264293372631073]
[0.006702802609652281]
[0.35326671600341797]
[0.09030865877866745]
[0.014375286176800728]
[0.006864222232252359]
[0.006665351800620556]
[0.09015119820833206]
[0.020524371415376663]
[0.010704170912504196]
[0.3011009395122528]
[1.7048594951629639]
[0.01015595905482769]
[0.32128676772117615]
[0.005507928319275379]
[0.01804346591234207]
[0.3382798731327057]
[0.006762342993170023]
[0.8469756841659546]
[0.4946175813674927]
[0.018038179725408554]
[0.004937210585922003]
[0.34017157554626465]
[0.01768018677830696]
[0.08972444385290146]
[0.005524547304958105]
[0.7509205341339111]
[0.014538020826876163]
[0.08964221179485321]
[0.0063015674240887165]
[0.006687275134027004]
[0.006242501083761454]
[0.019808882847428322]
[0.04069144278764725]
[0.006363993976265192]
[0.006706152576953173]
[0.010787811130285263]
[0.020357666537165642]
[0.06846839189529419]
[0.12259210646152496]
[0.014763375744223595]
[0.00856991671025753]
[0.020287632942199707]
[0.08937983214855194]
[0.29558414220809937]
[1.3750920295715332]
[0.3728976547718048]
[2.1727731227874756]
[0.16561003029346466]
[0.04772753641009331]
[0.00616113655269146]
[0.6233895421028137]
[0.9664027690887451]
[0.015607812441885471]
[0.8739694952964783]
[0.1443067342042923]
[0.13122478127479553]
[0.03890495002269745]
[0.005549156107008457]
[0.006714740302413702]
[0.017699826508760452]
[0.06271393597126007]
[0.49073776602745056]
[0.00576642993837595]
[0.49510514736175537]
[0.07556162029504776]
[0.06886997818946838]
[0.006392738316208124]
[0.0062566231936216354]
[0.006252168212085962]
[0.006328249350190163]
[0.00862918607890606]
[0.06673359870910645]
[0.017795585095882416]
[1.4066799879074097]
[0.00573767488822341]
[0.011742731556296349]
[0.017338188365101814]
[0.4899970293045044]
[0.05285244807600975]
[0.22682291269302368]
[0.006011207588016987]
[0.005770289339125156]
[0.02621256187558174]
[0.43425747752189636]
[0.01763923466205597]
[0.03215135261416435]
[0.03098791092634201]
[0.7362236976623535]
[0.36753883957862854]
[0.601118266582489]
[0.21733254194259644]
[0.21666903793811798]
[0.016928959637880325]
[0.005071805790066719]
[0.1768379658460617]
[0.01879158988595009]
[0.006264169234782457]
[1.7506221532821655]
[0.008287557400763035]
[0.2612292170524597]
[0.021367283537983894]
[0.0896848514676094]
[0.006262017413973808]
[0.017222587019205093]
[0.006660266313701868]
[0.3292185664176941]
[0.00900973379611969]
[0.006380896549671888]
[0.22048985958099365]
[0.5586492419242859]
[0.0897013396024704]
[0.018475467339158058]
[0.006241032853722572]
[0.026499874889850616]
[0.12392330169677734]
[0.006036432459950447]
[4.3519768714904785]
[0.010295127518475056]
[0.006984842475503683]
[0.03342537581920624]
[0.744259238243103]
[0.0069255824200809]
[0.010955057106912136]
[0.020877018570899963]
[0.005730054806917906]
[0.27561846375465393]
[0.0802847295999527]
[0.006428125314414501]
[0.005661593284457922]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.017844753339886665]
[1.6567593812942505]
[0.12362036108970642]
[0.4361322820186615]
[0.006727380678057671]
[0.019770972430706024]
[0.018439555540680885]
[0.006816951557993889]
[0.006527405232191086]
[0.005388820543885231]
[0.02229873090982437]
[0.006115110125392675]
[0.00681309774518013]
[0.004885267931967974]
[0.9840309023857117]
[0.02493751235306263]
[0.5863545536994934]
[0.006616421975195408]
[0.006528195925056934]
[0.006041671149432659]
[0.5978173613548279]
[0.061266593635082245]
[0.07035823166370392]
[0.4761839210987091]
[0.629800021648407]
[0.03235286474227905]
[0.0064392900094389915]
[0.01755407638847828]
[0.009145770221948624]
[0.1810854971408844]
[0.295203298330307]
[0.00882541760802269]
[0.006895116530358791]
[0.19924983382225037]
[0.010850668884813786]
[0.39518243074417114]
[0.017638618126511574]
[0.01698627881705761]
[0.006472576409578323]
[0.016902662813663483]
[0.330227255821228]
[0.023028558120131493]
[0.02952645532786846]
[0.006327718961983919]
[0.12399858236312866]
[0.12400031089782715]
[0.2840302586555481]
[0.12398204207420349]
[0.006213722284883261]
[1.1012375354766846]
[0.29211923480033875]
[0.02734479494392872]
[0.006307513918727636]
[0.005608687177300453]
[0.12107133120298386]
[0.30579090118408203]
[0.005624326877295971]
[0.05894207954406738]
[0.005377485882490873]
[0.0069554653018713]
[0.006049036979675293]
[0.006328797433525324]
[0.3326992094516754]
[0.0064094350673258305]
[0.027239317074418068]
[0.01823705993592739]
[0.012011092156171799]
[0.006550704129040241]
[0.005970437079668045]
[0.31343209743499756]
[0.007172062527388334]
[0.005491757765412331]
[0.8547621965408325]
[0.41414061188697815]
[0.006392121780663729]
[0.005280015524476767]
[0.019421927630901337]
[0.008096391335129738]
[2.159881353378296]
[0.7376948595046997]
[0.005332436412572861]
[0.2231510579586029]
[0.02593274600803852]
[1.9008512496948242]
[0.006005996838212013]
[0.018997114151716232]
[0.01876240037381649]
[0.019105343148112297]
[0.07020014524459839]
[0.005546333268284798]
[0.03009984642267227]
[0.025312788784503937]
[0.005145536735653877]
[0.01899411715567112]
[0.006346919108182192]
[0.019677670672535896]
[0.24240301549434662]
[0.0060255322605371475]
[0.03526730462908745]
[0.02324903942644596]
[0.006272228434681892]
[0.008032271638512611]
[0.005283860489726067]
[0.007453250698745251]
[0.0901162400841713]
[0.010575581341981888]
[0.01060375664383173]
[0.005779801402240992]
[0.005926603451371193]
[0.007943997159600258]
[0.006492164917290211]
[0.16310478746891022]
[0.005909287370741367]
[0.006059559993445873]
[0.12410454452037811]
[0.007544361520558596]
[0.0267484113574028]
[0.008240031078457832]
[0.5705571174621582]
[0.00807012990117073]
[0.07996022701263428]
[0.0052159191109240055]
[0.1482686549425125]
[0.006399157457053661]
[0.00672574108466506]
[0.007701163180172443]
[0.005812967196106911]
[0.006184535566717386]
[3.6585116386413574]
[0.03526212275028229]
[0.5485973954200745]
[0.7256336808204651]
[0.40816032886505127]
[0.08972050994634628]
[0.004869983997195959]
[0.00632210960611701]
[0.06973258405923843]
[0.006352703552693129]
[0.016137409955263138]
[1.097898244857788]
[0.9115480184555054]
[0.023477040231227875]
[0.017461247742176056]
[0.006581653840839863]
[0.12383807450532913]
[0.43421295285224915]
[0.00618266174569726]
[0.07568538933992386]
[0.006538791116327047]
[0.033498190343379974]
[0.010450731962919235]
[0.08967110514640808]
[0.006386260502040386]
[0.005505670793354511]
[1.4548381567001343]
[0.005877120885998011]
[0.0059119160287082195]
[0.06290728598833084]
[0.0896071270108223]
[0.0047311848029494286]
[0.012055866420269012]
[0.011487367562949657]
[0.7173673510551453]
[0.08617091923952103]
[0.0063641308806836605]
[0.06931903213262558]
[0.0063120233826339245]
[0.007121329195797443]
[0.005688727367669344]
[0.006084764376282692]
[0.006383716594427824]
[0.005706695839762688]
[0.013551749289035797]
[0.039528194814920425]
[0.005730835255235434]
[0.0064274645410478115]
[0.015606274828314781]
[0.4576544463634491]
[0.009029291570186615]
[0.0893712267279625]
[0.021157074719667435]
[0.43045303225517273]
[0.19713245332241058]
[0.004720424301922321]
[0.00757445115596056]
[0.00989371445029974]
[1.8290469646453857]
[0.005253585521131754]
[0.006516590714454651]
[0.20052917301654816]
[0.7292885780334473]
[0.0062837074510753155]
[0.04814354330301285]
[0.025032296776771545]
[0.6418214440345764]
[0.07309720665216446]
[0.1385452002286911]
[0.0745648667216301]
[0.02240217849612236]
[0.017518000677227974]
[0.2341218888759613]
[1.3610354661941528]
[0.006134695373475552]
[0.40109720826148987]
[0.005600486416369677]
[0.005133507773280144]
[0.006552478764206171]
[0.006353316828608513]
[0.0052005271427333355]
[0.16228309273719788]
[0.33681219816207886]
[0.034769777208566666]
[0.0701146125793457]
[0.0059613632038235664]
[0.014007926918566227]
[0.005833180155605078]
[0.2089119404554367]
[0.004964953288435936]
[0.0059448061510920525]
[0.005189802497625351]
[0.4909490644931793]
[0.519230842590332]
[0.021027350798249245]
[0.12664009630680084]
[0.006776147056370974]
[0.13753820955753326]
[0.01328372210264206]
[0.005800726357847452]
[0.006120468955487013]
[0.006370068993419409]
[0.12034519016742706]
[0.006367722526192665]
[0.08942541480064392]
[0.006118259392678738]
[3.565253973007202]
[0.2619999647140503]
[0.006597744766622782]
[0.018792519345879555]
[0.08928754925727844]
[0.4690403342247009]
[0.2995757758617401]
[0.03630778193473816]
[0.017684513702988625]
[0.19957087934017181]
[0.02716512605547905]
[0.005679330322891474]
[0.021444523707032204]
[0.5097820162773132]
[2.12054181098938]
[0.02482331357896328]
[0.004537027794867754]
[0.00619438337162137]
[0.12455987185239792]
[0.2204413264989853]
[0.006484022364020348]
[0.005892942659556866]
[0.0057282596826553345]
[0.5718509554862976]
[0.0204215906560421]
[0.005969032645225525]
[0.005948428995907307]
[0.0057943775318562984]
[0.030460014939308167]
[0.023735379800200462]
[0.4619031548500061]
[0.008368678390979767]
[0.01205627340823412]
[0.6294327974319458]
[0.08866547793149948]
[0.009094960987567902]
[1.7419140338897705]
[0.005357777699828148]
[0.3582844138145447]
[0.005818188190460205]
[0.006057580001652241]
[0.005450547207146883]
[0.005507894791662693]
[0.19334052503108978]
[0.2716211974620819]
[0.017967162653803825]
[0.021748995408415794]
[0.017154639586806297]
[0.005464294459670782]
[0.022677268832921982]
[0.015658853575587273]
[0.004829326178878546]
[0.0042726113460958]
[0.00741815147921443]
[0.004894864745438099]
[0.011179634369909763]
[0.018986379727721214]
[0.005789737682789564]
[0.01735777221620083]
[0.3050203025341034]
[0.08856788277626038]
[1.127339243888855]
[0.005003232508897781]
[0.017354482784867287]
[0.016167232766747475]
[0.04619678854942322]
[0.0063815307803452015]
[0.360940545797348]
[0.0059639825485646725]
[0.11690590530633926]
[0.005928782280534506]
[0.5653841495513916]
[0.00973302498459816]
[0.00422552740201354]
[0.065986268222332]
[0.05757948383688927]
[9.367420196533203]
[0.007249665912240744]
[0.01997486501932144]
[0.005855917930603027]
[0.11024444550275803]
[0.013923405669629574]
[0.008075025863945484]
[0.021774103865027428]
[0.010441062040627003]
[0.15646807849407196]
[0.011846107430756092]
[0.5757879018783569]
[0.06689878553152084]
[0.00603631604462862]
[0.08854611217975616]
[0.02248481661081314]
[0.005357635207474232]
[0.017970528453588486]
[0.3685969114303589]
[0.6767005324363708]
[0.00482602696865797]
[0.49026429653167725]
[0.005635247100144625]
[0.06045681983232498]
[0.01002943143248558]
[0.005650639068335295]
[0.005602831952273846]
[0.07264748215675354]
[0.4745541512966156]
[0.03852030262351036]
[0.005390646401792765]
[0.03333262354135513]
[0.01342342421412468]
[0.32599377632141113]
[0.09154987335205078]
[0.34218716621398926]
[0.013477452099323273]
[0.03149287775158882]
[0.006091369315981865]
[0.00527935428544879]
[0.694821834564209]
[0.8383381366729736]
[0.046077579259872437]
[0.005691351369023323]
[0.12554718554019928]
[0.1255585104227066]
[0.012961561791598797]
[0.2773098349571228]
[0.008129764348268509]
[0.32429710030555725]
[0.23207056522369385]
[0.9667051434516907]
[0.21556365489959717]
[0.021683810278773308]
[0.005332509987056255]
[0.018286757171154022]
[0.17689400911331177]
[0.006754596251994371]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.08877311646938324]
[0.03547374904155731]
[0.013125692494213581]
[0.0065168170258402824]
[0.01685619167983532]
[0.4864956736564636]
[0.008487895131111145]
[0.21021442115306854]
[0.006577645428478718]
[0.21142379939556122]
[0.019711967557668686]
[0.014675847254693508]
[0.030812764540314674]
[0.07430937141180038]
[0.5132681131362915]
[0.005687916185706854]
[0.024820029735565186]
[0.060427527874708176]
[0.12591886520385742]
[0.029417671263217926]
[0.00789793860167265]
[0.01965985633432865]
[0.006497417110949755]
[0.07507076859474182]
[0.020434454083442688]
[0.12591810524463654]
[0.008804243989288807]
[0.07767879962921143]
[1.3373864889144897]
[0.018379056826233864]
[0.01743754930794239]
[0.005488097667694092]
[2.7262487411499023]
[0.026131920516490936]
[0.005681452341377735]
[0.004702935926616192]
[0.041960105299949646]
[0.08889232575893402]
[0.005370080471038818]
[0.004736259579658508]
[0.006033195648342371]
[0.0057221828028559685]
[1.4464839696884155]
[0.256465882062912]
[0.009356520138680935]
[0.26493456959724426]
[1.140025019645691]
[0.009506083093583584]
[2.53448748588562]
[0.4514505863189697]
[0.005897796247154474]
[0.28635600209236145]
[0.14869120717048645]
[0.006550421938300133]
[0.0061885700561106205]
[0.0598711259663105]
[0.03823261335492134]
[0.2859930694103241]
[0.0889238640666008]
[0.7219142913818359]
[0.005676310509443283]
[0.005763224326074123]
[0.005105166230350733]
[0.019795790314674377]
[0.0055779642425477505]
[0.0413394495844841]
[0.00595964677631855]
[0.005638761445879936]
[0.4363323450088501]
[0.027095334604382515]
[0.2187216728925705]
[0.2283637970685959]
[0.005417711567133665]
[0.006461514625698328]
[0.005966102704405785]
[0.19149410724639893]
[0.03645095229148865]
[0.006238578353077173]
[0.00511919567361474]
[0.0059698536060750484]
[0.1906328648328781]
[0.005907351151108742]
[0.2866348326206207]
[0.12686535716056824]
[0.005854559130966663]
[0.2344346046447754]
[0.004829062148928642]
[0.01822696253657341]
[0.0058975862339138985]
[0.04375554248690605]
[0.032414089888334274]
[0.015792913734912872]
[0.7037887573242188]
[0.006143357139080763]
[0.041422225534915924]
[0.024243522435426712]
[0.12680937349796295]
[0.01373649574816227]
[0.012876451015472412]
[0.005524046253412962]
[0.2575736939907074]
[0.04410304129123688]
[0.007295656017959118]
[0.08910495787858963]
[0.053228527307510376]
[1.3389207124710083]
[0.22765497863292694]
[0.6376950740814209]
[0.19129188358783722]
[0.006070894654840231]
[0.005528073757886887]
[0.011295306496322155]
[0.029744818806648254]
[0.005829754285514355]
[0.42887115478515625]
[0.006236464250832796]
[0.09069492667913437]
[0.3065650761127472]
[0.019006721675395966]
[0.006603300105780363]
[0.4487186670303345]
[0.006461182609200478]
[0.008431666530668736]
[0.012535355053842068]
[0.006075326818972826]
[0.005911477841436863]
[0.017170149832963943]
[0.025788944214582443]
[0.055488672107458115]
[0.5307586193084717]
[0.09175623953342438]
[0.18522195518016815]
[0.3143785297870636]
[0.12709136307239532]
[0.005786610767245293]
[0.29478996992111206]
[0.5414448380470276]
[0.00576469162479043]
[0.4368666410446167]
[0.019174806773662567]
[0.006107852328568697]
[0.02245165780186653]
[0.08906223624944687]
[0.11683997511863708]
[0.03429402410984039]
[0.06590081751346588]
[0.02575852908194065]
[0.053895410150289536]
[0.0049675870686769485]
[0.005741800647228956]
[0.006273465231060982]
[0.0058671655133366585]
[0.006904342211782932]
[0.005394308362156153]
[0.004543478600680828]
[0.021271271631121635]
[0.00816464051604271]
[0.005108742043375969]
[0.017456527799367905]
[1.0405094623565674]
[0.04842169210314751]
[0.005736430175602436]
[0.39625054597854614]
[0.005255683790892363]
[0.11751607805490494]
[0.006194701883941889]
[0.043591391295194626]
[0.021987764164805412]
[0.12708090245723724]
[0.00637129507958889]
[0.00993524119257927]
[0.01609635539352894]
[0.013764046132564545]
[0.00816873088479042]
[0.43292436003685]
[0.005634038243442774]
[0.20754031836986542]
[0.12695935368537903]
[0.004803741350769997]
[0.018338659778237343]
[0.09053806215524673]
[0.05347606539726257]
[0.008445202372968197]
[0.01494717039167881]
[0.017436951398849487]
[0.2322937548160553]
[0.006292817648500204]
[0.02290540374815464]
[0.020368289202451706]
[0.005508034024387598]
[0.5648394227027893]
[0.0062283603474497795]
[0.23453976213932037]
[0.1666695475578308]
[0.00509106507524848]
[0.015728984028100967]
[0.008455871604382992]
[0.5443252325057983]
[0.00542759895324707]
[0.026522455736994743]
[0.0526653490960598]
[0.14409691095352173]
[0.00499177910387516]
[0.01334975566715002]
[0.005305011291056871]
[0.008069231174886227]
[0.02397087961435318]
[0.5645192265510559]
[0.005299795884639025]
[0.0052552130073308945]
[0.03829758241772652]
[0.02178536355495453]
[0.5556781888008118]
[0.20283152163028717]
[0.0223649051040411]
[0.6909215450286865]
[0.006859743036329746]
[0.029176907613873482]
[0.005317904986441135]
[0.03296284377574921]
[0.09727874398231506]
[1.4454879760742188]
[0.03978312760591507]
[0.08861994743347168]
[0.05199120566248894]
[0.027848057448863983]
[0.020559901371598244]
[0.01908300071954727]
[0.08852850645780563]
[1.2402839660644531]
[0.04401581734418869]
[0.09101560711860657]
[0.08667977154254913]
[0.6283581852912903]
[0.00502657750621438]
[0.004480024799704552]
[0.005546447820961475]
[0.06656647473573685]
[0.008337737061083317]
[0.0046165259554982185]
[0.12707030773162842]
[0.025790564715862274]
[0.2321985960006714]
[0.005186663940548897]
[0.031405285000801086]
[0.005716519895941019]
[0.01922556199133396]
[0.247245654463768]
[0.7102983593940735]
[0.005781054962426424]
[0.0138102937489748]
[0.018555114045739174]
[2.269331455230713]
[0.018514294177293777]
[0.00490510044619441]
[0.005211366806179285]
[0.0082450732588768]
[0.3920368552207947]
[0.004877523053437471]
[0.12678562104701996]
[0.005595962982624769]
[0.48121434450149536]
[0.4420013725757599]
[0.1117289811372757]
[0.02262563444674015]
[0.005195915699005127]
[0.007654769346117973]
[0.005578575190156698]
[0.43573641777038574]
[0.011068915016949177]
[0.0050755711272358894]
[0.12658488750457764]
[0.4360918700695038]
[0.1649039089679718]
[0.2193392962217331]
[1.2239656448364258]
[0.015277952887117863]
[0.24287182092666626]
[0.03668401390314102]
[0.25415554642677307]
[0.005205641966313124]
[0.005127255339175463]
[0.08811314404010773]
[0.004581541754305363]
[0.005983823910355568]
[0.0050453729927539825]
[0.004944114480167627]
[0.004384708125144243]
[0.004857097752392292]
[0.005744263995438814]
[0.12164279073476791]
[0.008920980617403984]
[0.020966801792383194]
[0.2432493418455124]
[0.005849116947501898]
[0.020370960235595703]
[0.010028046555817127]
[0.3967343866825104]
[0.2049197256565094]
[0.035620611160993576]
[0.005281347781419754]
[0.004715373739600182]
[0.018110036849975586]
[0.0049497452564537525]
[0.4949588477611542]
[0.05148501694202423]
[0.04778376594185829]
[0.005025753751397133]
[0.016555849462747574]
[0.005753511097282171]
[1.0476685762405396]
[0.08787704259157181]
[0.5751630663871765]
[0.08785444498062134]
[0.12654609978199005]
[0.008902261964976788]
[0.0050378162413835526]
[0.4759886860847473]
[0.11793892085552216]
[0.009781480766832829]
[0.04296506941318512]
[0.12175703048706055]
[0.0044737388379871845]
[0.1939568668603897]
[0.005376940593123436]
[0.035343755036592484]
[0.4361251890659332]
[0.016068290919065475]
[0.2047613114118576]
[0.010520990006625652]
[0.0735812559723854]
[0.004814677406102419]
[0.08760985732078552]
[0.12657366693019867]
[0.08756557106971741]
[0.04760917276144028]
[0.1066635325551033]
[1.0075197219848633]
[0.15671926736831665]
[0.3085227906703949]
[0.005165346432477236]
[0.005292453337460756]
[0.09793876856565475]
[0.005614567548036575]
[0.005168943200260401]
[0.008206017315387726]
[0.06687691807746887]
[0.005311393178999424]
[0.34943702816963196]
[0.005481331143528223]
[0.0873180478811264]
[0.016047874465584755]
[0.00529809296131134]
[0.03233511373400688]
[0.03682493790984154]
[0.4411735534667969]
[0.005084780044853687]
[0.004741996061056852]
[0.8329020142555237]
[0.02081470936536789]
[0.3108254671096802]
[0.03829948976635933]
[0.16154547035694122]
[0.008852502331137657]
[0.005824052728712559]
[0.514929473400116]
[0.4441737234592438]
[0.4611736536026001]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.22961847484111786]
[0.07936695218086243]
[2.341513156890869]
[0.0050586010329425335]
[0.5453248023986816]
[0.004683149047195911]
[0.09108937531709671]
[0.005316657014191151]
[0.011203077621757984]
[0.13184288144111633]
[0.004316365346312523]
[0.1934838891029358]
[0.011618529446423054]
[0.012154302559792995]
[0.043597511947155]
[0.01829754188656807]
[0.0049872915260493755]
[0.026350317522883415]
[0.007092841900885105]
[0.00516235688701272]
[0.0051541985012590885]
[0.08479676395654678]
[0.0054608299396932125]
[0.005051834974437952]
[0.011775596998631954]
[0.01505609042942524]
[0.4225974678993225]
[0.09876938164234161]
[0.5495275259017944]
[0.3300727903842926]
[0.023928875103592873]
[0.012308538891375065]
[0.4660041332244873]
[0.08701281249523163]
[0.020405273884534836]
[0.0229405015707016]
[0.013047480955719948]
[0.02817639149725437]
[0.005028808489441872]
[0.004878361709415913]
[0.3713902533054352]
[0.0067078303545713425]
[0.4822944402694702]
[0.04285997897386551]
[0.2784445583820343]
[0.004970877896994352]
[0.02377762645483017]
[0.018151652067899704]
[0.004897512961179018]
[0.29006314277648926]
[0.39969876408576965]
[0.028473811224102974]
[0.030938617885112762]
[0.00594461802393198]
[0.014662162400782108]
[0.45657145977020264]
[0.06058451533317566]
[0.019268877804279327]
[0.06670652329921722]
[0.1641223281621933]
[0.008648469112813473]
[0.02260044775903225]
[0.0047736200504004955]
[0.07040884345769882]
[0.025083236396312714]
[8.081753730773926]
[0.07772865146398544]
[0.0062547968700528145]
[0.28608599305152893]
[0.004181591793894768]
[0.004258798435330391]
[0.009637984447181225]
[0.017496468499302864]
[0.0259229876101017]
[0.12206786125898361]
[0.005967349279671907]
[0.08695884048938751]
[0.038954295217990875]
[0.016766110435128212]
[0.0050452696159482]
[0.27060914039611816]
[0.021794797852635384]
[0.17530231177806854]
[1.8923273086547852]
[0.30368128418922424]
[0.019408779218792915]
[0.8092068433761597]
[0.004594188183546066]
[0.01825311966240406]
[3.13986873626709]
[0.004357917699962854]
[0.004681954625993967]
[0.12626147270202637]
[0.07446817308664322]
[0.05757542699575424]
[0.28042319416999817]
[0.027872659265995026]
[0.15979927778244019]
[0.25396132469177246]
[0.0038961812388151884]
[0.27570727467536926]
[0.017207227647304535]
[0.01780400238931179]
[0.004332942422479391]
[0.0488680824637413]
[0.04620800539851189]
[0.0034374839160591364]
[0.12636534869670868]
[0.0042888023890554905]
[0.004919152241200209]
[0.5499656796455383]
[0.12635396420955658]
[1.2408196926116943]
[0.2745100259780884]
[0.004426958039402962]
[0.38514408469200134]
[0.08690598607063293]
[0.016417736187577248]
[0.006879451684653759]
[0.03271295130252838]
[0.004752106964588165]
[0.006016379687935114]
[4.657658576965332]
[0.004533144645392895]
[0.028396571055054665]
[0.00501767685636878]
[0.12968797981739044]
[0.16236507892608643]
[0.004885793197900057]
[0.003480545012280345]
[0.6664055585861206]
[0.032178670167922974]
[0.00460779806599021]
[0.005646782461553812]
[0.021593181416392326]
[0.025808213278651237]
[0.019719049334526062]
[0.08674722909927368]
[0.5245900750160217]
[0.0041169701144099236]
[0.12590885162353516]
[0.3680669367313385]
[0.010965799912810326]
[0.010720771737396717]
[1.0573526620864868]
[0.005331660620868206]
[0.005444073583930731]
[0.5515095591545105]
[0.014761589467525482]
[0.04293857514858246]
[0.5119332671165466]
[0.28055721521377563]
[0.23198309540748596]
[0.0037355157546699047]
[0.02232557348906994]
[0.012088477611541748]
[0.005715398583561182]
[0.061181508004665375]
[8.261460304260254]
[0.004590649623423815]
[0.016989603638648987]
[0.0337885245680809]
[0.06143183633685112]
[0.37646883726119995]
[0.003976527135819197]
[0.08637858182191849]
[0.2998901605606079]
[0.025576608255505562]
[0.08634430170059204]
[0.003838556120172143]
[0.19472314417362213]
[0.6639816164970398]
[0.009676259011030197]
[0.012493784539401531]
[0.10937735438346863]
[0.020926084369421005]
[0.30758973956108093]
[0.010355968028306961]
[0.0032433110754936934]
[0.1305381804704666]
[0.04494265466928482]
[0.14815355837345123]
[0.10249911993741989]
[0.03298897296190262]
[0.044802118092775345]
[0.2914668023586273]
[0.21690227091312408]
[0.009118028916418552]
[0.004868198651820421]
[0.7165022492408752]
[0.003829615656286478]
[0.08641453087329865]
[0.41332295536994934]
[0.0590888112783432]
[0.803011953830719]
[0.530570924282074]
[0.017831506207585335]
[3.3260648250579834]
[0.004149635788053274]
[0.014006856828927994]
[0.01291508600115776]
[0.006011581514030695]
[0.0075490218587219715]
[0.45982372760772705]
[0.12735038995742798]
[0.018322234973311424]
[0.0047706421464681625]
[0.08640758693218231]
[0.30492958426475525]
[0.003966466523706913]
[0.01560294535011053]
[0.049923237413167953]
[0.08609462529420853]
[0.0037482245825231075]
[0.02025754190981388]
[0.004691882524639368]
[0.005071410443633795]
[0.004913491662591696]
[0.08576322346925735]
[0.004772145301103592]
[0.31075596809387207]
[0.004108625464141369]
[0.03743700683116913]
[0.0735955610871315]
[0.05143094062805176]
[0.004028929863125086]
[0.004760023206472397]
[0.006624533329159021]
[0.003847801359370351]
[0.004202026873826981]
[0.15996220707893372]
[0.0853847861289978]
[0.006584607530385256]
[0.02978438138961792]
[0.004998527467250824]
[0.005729241296648979]
[0.02220289036631584]
[0.150642991065979]
[0.005210524890571833]
[0.8957358002662659]
[0.009742570109665394]
[0.023331111297011375]
[0.00468421820551157]
[0.004402591846883297]
[0.01801765151321888]
[0.004343782085925341]
[0.8246364593505859]
[0.004348653368651867]
[0.005111353471875191]
[0.01907481625676155]
[0.0071825794875621796]
[0.009222608990967274]
[0.003791713621467352]
[0.5104843378067017]
[0.7074775099754333]
[0.15907177329063416]
[0.006996561773121357]
[0.004306419752538204]
[0.04883494973182678]
[0.005561909172683954]
[0.08054269105195999]
[0.020282313227653503]
[0.014487829059362411]
[0.004809534177184105]
[0.1760593205690384]
[0.03881421685218811]
[0.005246053449809551]
[0.004900641739368439]
[0.4894992709159851]
[0.00556778721511364]
[0.3893950581550598]
[0.24476662278175354]
[0.004543764516711235]
[0.005432056728750467]
[0.08559860289096832]
[0.26657041907310486]
[0.0046395231038331985]
[0.007598640862852335]
[0.04393665865063667]
[0.18677669763565063]
[0.48885971307754517]
[0.01783856190741062]
[0.028494082391262054]
[0.8721764087677002]
[0.005329668987542391]
[0.005735489539802074]
[0.00681119691580534]
[0.12730613350868225]
[0.004217027686536312]
[0.003861404722556472]
[0.015750354155898094]
[0.8724260926246643]
[0.004855199251323938]
[0.3398393988609314]
[0.021063413470983505]
[0.004767120350152254]
[0.30262598395347595]
[0.0191502645611763]
[0.005921542178839445]
[0.014097754843533039]
[0.49476292729377747]
[0.6413773894309998]
[0.30989086627960205]
[0.046481870114803314]
[0.018470337614417076]
[0.19217823445796967]
[0.12154635787010193]
[0.00427268398925662]
[0.7529277205467224]
[0.01904888264834881]
[0.005328794941306114]
[0.08577270805835724]
[0.0052577233873307705]
[0.0041074915789067745]
[2.112525224685669]
[0.20864976942539215]
[0.005093017593026161]
[0.1274511218070984]
[0.31748396158218384]
[0.13402299582958221]
[0.030053524300456047]
[0.006606208626180887]
[0.006829289719462395]
[0.025937356054782867]
[0.007573913317173719]
[0.005073907319456339]
[0.45335623621940613]
[0.12742911279201508]
[0.08574990928173065]
[0.12741100788116455]
[0.09097763895988464]
[0.0785832554101944]
[0.8831663727760315]
[0.04772414267063141]
[0.08568601310253143]
[0.4242245852947235]
[0.08563415706157684]
[0.005773167125880718]
[0.03732716292142868]
[0.005661923438310623]
[0.9515798687934875]
[0.006867121905088425]
[0.005659186281263828]
[0.40411585569381714]
[0.014444316737353802]
[0.31101560592651367]
[0.008752151392400265]
[0.3986106514930725]
[1.9873126745224]
[7.339841842651367]
[0.5493393540382385]
[0.0054239495657384396]
[0.006982119753956795]
[0.5379459857940674]
[0.41156110167503357]
[0.017213352024555206]
[0.22198235988616943]
[0.05468734726309776]
[0.004981189966201782]
[0.0854179859161377]
[0.003968191333115101]
[0.004038496874272823]
[0.7732671499252319]
[12.872930526733398]
[0.12858881056308746]
[0.5918678045272827]
[0.0853438451886177]
[0.05127383768558502]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.3119857907295227]
[0.03746669366955757]
[0.004389115143567324]
[0.005990628153085709]
[0.004906084388494492]
[0.02814173512160778]
[0.05733797699213028]
[2.4933576583862305]
[0.3614899814128876]
[0.27518999576568604]
[0.005470452830195427]
[0.9953361749649048]
[0.37244483828544617]
[10.736529350280762]
[0.047905176877975464]
[0.006368265952914953]
[0.005399895831942558]
[0.7407799363136292]
[0.08155348151922226]
[0.19612406194210052]
[0.26061517000198364]
[0.07946555316448212]
[0.3276083469390869]
[1.5590693950653076]
[0.45106011629104614]
[1.114992380142212]
[0.09164434671401978]
[0.4544115960597992]
[0.564008891582489]
[0.0037022095639258623]
[0.004120758268982172]
[0.07945705205202103]
[0.24585428833961487]
[0.19886180758476257]
[2.1903820037841797]
[0.009860335849225521]
[2.3956706523895264]
[1.0805431604385376]
[0.08501757681369781]
[0.05175045132637024]
[0.11506189405918121]
[0.04253888130187988]
[1.082705020904541]
[0.2980141341686249]
[0.006933342665433884]
[0.008973178453743458]
[0.08461394160985947]
[0.10170780122280121]
[0.00602969154715538]
[0.3556970953941345]
[3.2757644653320312]
[0.02723206765949726]
[0.005183866713196039]
[0.07280895113945007]
[0.019547563046216965]
[0.08777273446321487]
[0.0039964718744158745]
[0.016201037913560867]
[0.0043012835085392]
[0.025895172730088234]
[2.159545660018921]
[0.25367820262908936]
[0.18062140047550201]
[0.15299467742443085]
[0.04574049636721611]
[0.36519595980644226]
[0.006215565372258425]
[0.004058117978274822]
[1.0931490659713745]
[0.007848813198506832]
[0.01843719556927681]
[0.02777152508497238]
[0.005505808629095554]
[0.021943584084510803]
[0.6566016674041748]
[0.026682205498218536]
[0.10796394944190979]
[0.004209880717098713]
[0.15524953603744507]
[0.03068862482905388]
[0.0036671319976449013]
[0.007739450316876173]
[0.004471607506275177]
[0.01946176588535309]
[0.004555137827992439]
[0.024047043174505234]
[0.005635262932628393]
[0.004774867556989193]
[0.4092130661010742]
[0.00477831345051527]
[0.004428511019796133]
[2.0015816688537598]
[0.07548102736473083]
[0.46703898906707764]
[0.020254291594028473]
[1.6051554679870605]
[0.1270504593849182]
[0.060379814356565475]
[0.01546887680888176]
[0.00816416833549738]
[0.005719580687582493]
[0.3355497717857361]
[0.005128907039761543]
[1.206053376197815]
[0.022988419979810715]
[0.008025679737329483]
[0.1268298476934433]
[0.004492827691137791]
[0.0049498071894049644]
[0.02567671239376068]
[0.018181240186095238]
[0.035304296761751175]
[0.2858431041240692]
[0.006027949973940849]
[0.0454118549823761]
[0.025961579754948616]
[0.008508414961397648]
[0.08497194945812225]
[0.628911018371582]
[0.003542529884725809]
[0.3425096869468689]
[0.007441248744726181]
[0.00434808898717165]
[0.08491265028715134]
[0.008562594652175903]
[0.44838017225265503]
[0.00806969404220581]
[0.0065353624522686005]
[0.274598628282547]
[0.023490529507398605]
[0.005305658094584942]
[0.05111180245876312]
[0.14540860056877136]
[0.00722500029951334]
[0.013440030626952648]
[0.33355453610420227]
[0.20081253349781036]
[0.014967364259064198]
[0.020827993750572205]
[0.004844454117119312]
[0.014881079085171223]
[0.0043907505460083485]
[0.08483786880970001]
[0.015479221008718014]
[0.003947102464735508]
[0.14146170020103455]
[1.4948447942733765]
[0.4325024485588074]
[0.2062705010175705]
[0.17418406903743744]
[0.026600154116749763]
[0.0045903753489255905]
[0.008547043427824974]
[0.005033254623413086]
[0.22991029918193817]
[0.010044153779745102]
[0.1887129843235016]
[0.017724983394145966]
[0.7254989147186279]
[0.024124283343553543]
[0.40825003385543823]
[0.049046844244003296]
[0.004300314467400312]
[0.013179618865251541]
[0.006963853258639574]
[0.004328373819589615]
[0.08475340902805328]
[0.009732132777571678]
[0.004108596593141556]
[0.00487983925268054]
[0.016048772260546684]
[0.0034783899318426847]
[0.003884977428242564]
[0.004376211669296026]
[0.020315933972597122]
[0.21758481860160828]
[0.036319490522146225]
[0.7016397714614868]
[0.3369842767715454]
[0.22853611409664154]
[0.07199766486883163]
[0.004723633173853159]
[0.004085180815309286]
[0.0068528614938259125]
[0.005968618206679821]
[0.28303730487823486]
[0.13363836705684662]
[0.0065162815153598785]
[0.26499131321907043]
[0.3877345621585846]
[0.044027939438819885]
[0.0059270174242556095]
[0.005133069586008787]
[0.003947057295590639]
[0.06209411099553108]
[1.0527927875518799]
[0.126879021525383]
[0.0439252033829689]
[0.017933160066604614]
[2.698826313018799]
[0.004351458977907896]
[0.014192704111337662]
[0.12688952684402466]
[0.012282198294997215]
[0.05090707167983055]
[0.005352803040295839]
[0.07734555006027222]
[0.011532086879014969]
[0.015543674118816853]
[0.004937607795000076]
[0.3944960832595825]
[0.04885466396808624]
[0.005532479379326105]
[0.23068203032016754]
[0.021413054317235947]
[0.01675817184150219]
[0.3887011408805847]
[0.21962811052799225]
[0.015746602788567543]
[0.08501089364290237]
[0.004109852481633425]
[0.005055537447333336]
[0.01068822667002678]
[0.020370790734887123]
[0.2820361256599426]
[0.5022878646850586]
[0.08483381569385529]
[0.005293203517794609]
[0.07762269675731659]
[0.004214768763631582]
[0.12691062688827515]
[0.4449141323566437]
[0.004811432212591171]
[0.005781982094049454]
[0.00452658673748374]
[0.00591452419757843]
[0.021201608702540398]
[0.0040292092598974705]
[0.5187860727310181]
[2.1145997047424316]
[0.004349395167082548]
[0.03173208609223366]
[0.004914990160614252]
[0.004899155348539352]
[0.04177882522344589]
[0.01896699145436287]
[0.006570798810571432]
[0.007937759160995483]
[0.00405883090570569]
[0.005035122856497765]
[0.34312328696250916]
[0.0039294688031077385]
[0.5508378744125366]
[0.1949891895055771]
[0.021769704297184944]
[0.004796335007995367]
[0.21694999933242798]
[0.10085688531398773]
[0.0037507445085793734]
[0.005244431551545858]
[0.1815224289894104]
[0.5251399278640747]
[0.03518218919634819]
[0.08437304198741913]
[0.5394223928451538]
[0.007826846092939377]
[0.004462405573576689]
[0.005568364635109901]
[0.5241941809654236]
[0.004452102351933718]
[0.1269710510969162]
[0.005844319239258766]
[0.11014192551374435]
[0.1269492357969284]
[0.009898618794977665]
[0.004644736181944609]
[0.0045206379145383835]
[4.433409214019775]
[0.00372792175039649]
[0.004461192991584539]
[0.04769713059067726]
[0.4289019703865051]
[0.03380758315324783]
[0.003779859282076359]
[0.01411315519362688]
[0.02664930373430252]
[0.4716883897781372]
[0.004543714690953493]
[0.17713715136051178]
[0.2838353216648102]
[0.27182120084762573]
[0.005015309900045395]
[7.9817328453063965]
[0.004461195785552263]
[0.0035673542879521847]
[6.869020462036133]
[0.23657844960689545]
[0.0032203178852796555]
[0.010621441528201103]
[0.003622012445703149]
[0.6443870067596436]
[0.705635130405426]
[0.014033334329724312]
[0.4009280800819397]
[0.013990959152579308]
[0.030140811577439308]
[0.003223748877644539]
[0.011165711097419262]
[1.4058042764663696]
[0.0202961228787899]
[0.04264282062649727]
[0.017974264919757843]
[0.766313374042511]
[0.004024372436106205]
[0.004464099183678627]
[0.012171272188425064]
[0.0040951017290353775]
[0.0764199048280716]
[0.0041085509583354]
[0.003615758614614606]
[0.02788630872964859]
[0.003518105950206518]
[0.0035922930110245943]
[0.0067430222406983376]
[0.018239429220557213]
[0.023434683680534363]
[0.0032932907342910767]
[0.03540277108550072]
[0.004719180054962635]
[0.005432880017906427]
[0.15935596823692322]
[0.22931495308876038]
[0.006312316283583641]
[0.08459648489952087]
[0.005014881957322359]
[0.01482916809618473]
[0.018207423388957977]
[0.003990848548710346]
[0.1267598271369934]
[0.0032679843716323376]
[0.05769700929522514]
[0.3641767203807831]
[0.018562374636530876]
[0.0375492200255394]
[0.004272544756531715]
[0.005404830444604158]
[0.023420020937919617]
[0.20133909583091736]
[2.245896816253662]
[2.740377426147461]
[0.005948047619313002]
[0.004213739652186632]
[0.3059093952178955]
[0.004261640831828117]
[3.5356292724609375]
[0.0038197548128664494]
[42.85512161254883]
[0.0033666458912193775]
[0.003628245322033763]
[0.015508294105529785]
[0.07367098331451416]
[0.11225751042366028]
[0.03623100742697716]
[0.01796865649521351]
[0.647167980670929]
[0.0046353405341506]
[0.007920702919363976]
[1.1194816827774048]
[0.004221810027956963]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.5145483016967773]
[0.004439393524080515]
[0.19269928336143494]
[0.08504656702280045]
[0.004659866448491812]
[0.37980347871780396]
[0.01993446610867977]
[0.8643592596054077]
[0.0042291064746677876]
[0.12057624757289886]
[0.20603834092617035]
[0.004917643498629332]
[1.031670331954956]
[0.020982656627893448]
[0.0411129891872406]
[0.0043476652354002]
[0.09371647238731384]
[0.1868179440498352]
[7.353332996368408]
[0.004711358342319727]
[0.037525784224271774]
[0.005096145905554295]
[0.005707138683646917]
[0.005450614728033543]
[1.3906604051589966]
[57.170928955078125]
[0.0780872255563736]
[0.07671508193016052]
[0.35160404443740845]
[0.009086480364203453]
[0.2037995457649231]
[0.15477889776229858]
[0.0059828688390553]
[0.005010388325899839]
[0.08674474060535431]
[0.0058325547724962234]
[0.04460683465003967]
[0.12800249457359314]
[0.8151659369468689]
[0.10067834705114365]
[0.40669214725494385]
[0.005792513024061918]
[0.12366795539855957]
[29.533578872680664]
[0.04770321398973465]
[0.00840291939675808]
[0.006380497943609953]
[0.00644476106390357]
[0.22573691606521606]
[0.020892413333058357]
[1.5358227491378784]
[0.005856919102370739]
[0.021546510979533195]
[0.03613080084323883]
[0.006090224254876375]
[1.1389460563659668]
[0.006303747184574604]
[0.020794309675693512]
[0.02028975635766983]
[0.03554023802280426]
[0.08731009811162949]
[0.020090989768505096]
[0.12848809361457825]
[0.1013287901878357]
[0.0062055098824203014]
[0.3884578347206116]
[0.1219903752207756]
[0.006890928838402033]
[0.4183381199836731]
[2.5293784141540527]
[0.2977794110774994]
[0.007427767384797335]
[0.12813161313533783]
[0.8426982164382935]
[0.0050324974581599236]
[0.005314023699611425]
[0.03700669854879379]
[0.05231610685586929]
[0.253737211227417]
[0.16837060451507568]
[2.457146406173706]
[0.007198035717010498]
[0.23634390532970428]
[0.0860837772488594]
[0.006969851907342672]
[0.00491894269362092]
[0.0557488389313221]
[0.0187415461987257]
[0.051559705287218094]
[0.007005741819739342]
[0.2550945580005646]
[0.027663713321089745]
[0.0057002948597073555]
[0.0855964869260788]
[0.0054468195885419846]
[0.085532046854496]
[0.004423883277922869]
[0.20795312523841858]
[0.6533110737800598]
[0.1414346992969513]
[0.03897984325885773]
[0.02651110105216503]
[0.5684874057769775]
[0.03821296989917755]
[0.06729398667812347]
[0.029332732781767845]
[1.4289745092391968]
[0.01911764405667782]
[0.0052878763526678085]
[0.27470842003822327]
[0.0059244525618851185]
[0.09553282707929611]
[0.32587799429893494]
[1.271562099456787]
[1.5498119592666626]
[0.015689242631196976]
[0.21459680795669556]
[0.31502288579940796]
[0.005595117341727018]
[0.31141406297683716]
[0.013555986806750298]
[0.0055369967594742775]
[0.052640337496995926]
[0.5383948087692261]
[0.29455626010894775]
[4.866887092590332]
[0.12468376010656357]
[0.007684459909796715]
[0.005522293969988823]
[0.21811437606811523]
[0.0049713170155882835]
[0.004374025389552116]
[0.19500021636486053]
[0.1278919279575348]
[0.5837669372558594]
[0.004813511390239]
[0.31047123670578003]
[1.6166070699691772]
[0.004935363307595253]
[0.02489350736141205]
[0.09719815105199814]
[0.004606999922543764]
[0.018840547651052475]
[0.2657833993434906]
[0.2950206995010376]
[0.004326633643358946]
[0.07260427623987198]
[0.055369507521390915]
[0.36483439803123474]
[0.08589444309473038]
[0.0511590875685215]
[0.005470250733196735]
[0.0051557570695877075]
[0.03853493183851242]
[0.1079762652516365]
[0.12810516357421875]
[0.4435988962650299]
[0.0188608318567276]
[0.006181963253766298]
[0.005189430899918079]
[0.15239271521568298]
[0.006168675608932972]
[0.006611095741391182]
[0.005469354335218668]
[0.2960212826728821]
[0.005749221425503492]
[0.2659359872341156]
[0.004765880294144154]
[0.08597967773675919]
[0.005954952444881201]
[0.3796486258506775]
[1.3022044897079468]
[0.022513963282108307]
[0.004316914826631546]
[0.020615363493561745]
[0.07101771235466003]
[0.03065863996744156]
[0.12816332280635834]
[0.004730755463242531]
[0.005972039885818958]
[0.5997264385223389]
[0.004928527399897575]
[0.019084108993411064]
[0.08594517409801483]
[0.05679697543382645]
[0.05396001785993576]
[0.004220842383801937]
[0.005462373606860638]
[0.5555853247642517]
[0.03057052567601204]
[0.011019381694495678]
[0.004516006913036108]
[0.00796793308109045]
[0.004605134017765522]
[0.1759081780910492]
[0.0166629645973444]
[0.15717782080173492]
[0.0674484372138977]
[0.018273772671818733]
[0.5298734903335571]
[0.07376573234796524]
[0.04458600655198097]
[0.19896763563156128]
[0.020198684185743332]
[0.007157051935791969]
[0.010976951569318771]
[0.00950019620358944]
[0.2144748866558075]
[0.006032540928572416]
[0.005697884596884251]
[0.48021191358566284]
[0.007397651672363281]
[0.005030622705817223]
[0.005713398568332195]
[0.00506592495366931]
[0.08567085862159729]
[0.005802405998110771]
[0.005451064091175795]
[0.019437983632087708]
[0.005014111287891865]
[0.09187102317810059]
[0.004143391270190477]
[0.029190849512815475]
[0.1953696608543396]
[0.0045730783604085445]
[0.24145761132240295]
[0.019497543573379517]
[0.12821118533611298]
[0.9599835872650146]
[0.005926759447902441]
[0.004998228047043085]
[0.0668741762638092]
[0.038334883749485016]
[0.006513372529298067]
[0.019497346132993698]
[0.17861169576644897]
[1.303938388824463]
[0.004996173083782196]
[6.3418402671813965]
[0.09698911756277084]
[0.01949220895767212]
[2.1027989387512207]
[0.49699342250823975]
[0.12816013395786285]
[0.005261166021227837]
[0.6615599989891052]
[0.005885332357138395]
[0.005254758521914482]
[0.08549220114946365]
[0.004971980582922697]
[0.006265428848564625]
[0.004452829714864492]
[0.4169789254665375]
[0.055264249444007874]
[0.01891370117664337]
[0.00473704282194376]
[0.6762537360191345]
[0.08542456477880478]
[0.005203332286328077]
[0.050752755254507065]
[0.011643112637102604]
[0.004480736330151558]
[0.005350253079086542]
[0.2960710823535919]
[0.16861923038959503]
[0.005647778511047363]
[0.0853516161441803]
[0.6546721458435059]
[0.2796917259693146]
[0.023341596126556396]
[0.12837979197502136]
[0.006325102876871824]
[0.004828392993658781]
[0.20352737605571747]
[0.006102155894041061]
[0.12388096004724503]
[0.008065922185778618]
[0.005785729736089706]
[1.319983959197998]
[0.01594439148902893]
[0.005347149446606636]
[0.30875495076179504]
[0.0887322723865509]
[0.005697475280612707]
[0.0049244435504078865]
[0.7050305008888245]
[0.12803596258163452]
[0.20585858821868896]
[0.0075840698555111885]
[0.051216114312410355]
[0.18152566254138947]
[0.005201192572712898]
[0.30654045939445496]
[0.1278037428855896]
[0.005027849692851305]
[0.013827674090862274]
[0.006148116663098335]
[0.018617449328303337]
[0.005712446756660938]
[0.012939241714775562]
[0.019099552184343338]
[0.014519424177706242]
[0.0049803126603364944]
[0.3104034662246704]
[0.26008227467536926]
[0.013285867869853973]
[0.03652873635292053]
[0.007742003072053194]
[0.004205175209790468]
[0.005718708503991365]
[0.00951728131622076]
[0.004892054013907909]
[0.004572037607431412]
[0.01738613098859787]
[0.5813464522361755]
[0.2745779752731323]
[0.018224559724330902]
[1.6281706094741821]
[0.013805069960653782]
[0.004605687223374844]
[0.0058323414996266365]
[0.00453671021386981]
[0.38011425733566284]
[0.03185684606432915]
[0.0853896513581276]
[0.0356648787856102]
[0.0057461559772491455]
[0.02143762819468975]
[0.005125695373862982]
[2.051297664642334]
[0.08110609650611877]
[0.005783909931778908]
[1.2477737665176392]
[0.017690876498818398]
[0.012371388264000416]
[0.01978984847664833]
[0.004779334180057049]
[0.5372617840766907]
[0.008014782331883907]
[0.26797258853912354]
[0.005611801519989967]
[0.00970905739814043]
[0.004917294252663851]
[0.03176075592637062]
[0.08547143638134003]
[0.08546213060617447]
[0.12552541494369507]
[0.004566501826047897]
[0.014502662234008312]
[0.005141255911439657]
[0.011726189404726028]
[0.12806998193264008]
[0.008708358742296696]
[0.008844017051160336]
[0.12803320586681366]
[0.1280088871717453]
[0.39961546659469604]
[0.01876593381166458]
[0.12792058289051056]
[0.4716329872608185]
[0.15043896436691284]
[0.005856749601662159]
[0.005571028217673302]
[0.005774434190243483]
[0.005649298895150423]
[0.6125146150588989]
[0.004997586831450462]
[0.24229717254638672]
[0.007414550986140966]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.12770015001296997]
[0.049990877509117126]
[0.14735080301761627]
[0.006436733063310385]
[0.005207242909818888]
[0.4271995425224304]
[0.005189238581806421]
[0.004470658488571644]
[0.021232102066278458]
[0.004876480437815189]
[0.006573996972292662]
[0.04351725056767464]
[0.010679011233150959]
[0.12317273765802383]
[0.0054559726268053055]
[0.004451874177902937]
[0.09817654639482498]
[0.4241883158683777]
[0.0854291021823883]
[0.21876545250415802]
[0.12734967470169067]
[0.1686495840549469]
[0.007751411758363247]
[0.005098551046103239]
[1.0927141904830933]
[0.33094727993011475]
[6.009758472442627]
[0.004798291716724634]
[0.6879631876945496]
[0.005016137380152941]
[0.12706813216209412]
[0.4808979332447052]
[0.005579199176281691]
[0.08505844324827194]
[0.014890816994011402]
[0.0849989727139473]
[0.6486384868621826]
[0.008011724799871445]
[0.007177375722676516]
[0.1267658919095993]
[0.5133426189422607]
[0.07317802309989929]
[0.1146029531955719]
[0.46597400307655334]
[0.023289432749152184]
[0.23856163024902344]
[0.004394073039293289]
[0.00393710657954216]
[0.0040796599350869656]
[0.00452273478731513]
[0.2934572994709015]
[0.34216606616973877]
[0.02039252780377865]
[0.029804976657032967]
[0.0048140874132514]
[0.004242329392582178]
[0.024309182539582253]
[0.2632673978805542]
[0.08476205170154572]
[0.16312375664710999]
[0.05280754715204239]
[0.7840009927749634]
[0.2910650670528412]
[0.004428813233971596]
[0.24180789291858673]
[0.004040291998535395]
[0.029918968677520752]
[0.022429874166846275]
[0.005600529257208109]
[0.4299575686454773]
[0.507503867149353]
[0.03191450983285904]
[0.01903606578707695]
[0.004840149078518152]
[0.017833257094025612]
[0.011795302852988243]
[0.008283758535981178]
[0.005005447193980217]
[0.004320381209254265]
[0.005722603294998407]
[0.21034683287143707]
[0.21630187332630157]
[0.006419087760150433]
[0.08495623618364334]
[0.6689438819885254]
[0.2775459885597229]
[0.00445848423987627]
[0.005454567726701498]
[0.09540343284606934]
[0.010895299725234509]
[0.0075231194496154785]
[0.05909663811326027]
[0.021478457376360893]
[0.005169116426259279]
[0.020544126629829407]
[0.04333939403295517]
[0.10478042811155319]
[0.08485572040081024]
[0.016613690182566643]
[0.0317399762570858]
[0.004404973704367876]
[0.005312027409672737]
[24.77967071533203]
[0.019862283021211624]
[0.004883779212832451]
[0.42117443680763245]
[0.050425972789525986]
[0.08528827875852585]
[0.005549915600568056]
[0.004937770776450634]
[0.02764156647026539]
[0.11862846463918686]
[0.4972243905067444]
[0.0054636127315461636]
[0.07567577809095383]
[0.32900357246398926]
[0.006284975912421942]
[0.0049307681620121]
[0.0047087157145142555]
[0.43918368220329285]
[0.004582020454108715]
[0.41316109895706177]
[0.00537932850420475]
[0.18763235211372375]
[0.2084820568561554]
[0.004771844018250704]
[0.004371665883809328]
[0.008836306631565094]
[0.6662391424179077]
[0.6209378242492676]
[0.10144936293363571]
[0.22173787653446198]
[0.010460522025823593]
[0.0066464245319366455]
[0.004951943643391132]
[0.005517605692148209]
[0.15194885432720184]
[0.12780217826366425]
[0.004351168405264616]
[0.005773636512458324]
[0.005633451975882053]
[0.017257200554013252]
[0.005220921244472265]
[0.45581477880477905]
[0.06278731673955917]
[0.7535165548324585]
[0.0066492329351603985]
[0.005180126987397671]
[0.011131873354315758]
[0.08579319715499878]
[0.005171331111341715]
[0.009898803196847439]
[0.012116167694330215]
[0.004595934879034758]
[0.3424108922481537]
[0.025170885026454926]
[0.034759942442178726]
[0.03670608252286911]
[0.004843347240239382]
[0.004737210460007191]
[0.00807226449251175]
[0.004280645865947008]
[0.0054228706285357475]
[0.020143650472164154]
[3.2906312942504883]
[0.005429380107671022]
[0.007942850701510906]
[0.03947584703564644]
[0.017501210793852806]
[0.01885196752846241]
[0.017648112028837204]
[0.005205193534493446]
[0.410542756319046]
[0.009629792533814907]
[0.007434377446770668]
[0.00568078737705946]
[0.0917702466249466]
[0.2611403167247772]
[0.02902483008801937]
[0.008636124432086945]
[0.00504375109449029]
[0.5126153826713562]
[0.6585568189620972]
[0.1277913749217987]
[0.01077814120799303]
[0.26983824372291565]
[0.12780871987342834]
[0.005548758897930384]
[0.055815089493989944]
[0.03684823587536812]
[0.12779183685779572]
[0.005245249718427658]
[0.012800025753676891]
[0.005335249472409487]
[0.013104667887091637]
[0.004657646641135216]
[0.01872498355805874]
[0.04528932273387909]
[0.023482877761125565]
[0.0053546493873000145]
[0.15114900469779968]
[0.005496601574122906]
[0.004976472817361355]
[0.032339856028556824]
[0.005054454319179058]
[0.023626090958714485]
[0.08591794222593307]
[0.004162022843956947]
[0.004609490744769573]
[0.021380126476287842]
[0.4698634445667267]
[0.12753480672836304]
[0.03447393327951431]
[0.004158970899879932]
[0.7122477889060974]
[0.013448689132928848]
[0.29498785734176636]
[0.2668725848197937]
[0.0052202497608959675]
[0.0042905486188828945]
[0.12740521132946014]
[0.01898389495909214]
[0.006107838824391365]
[0.21437007188796997]
[0.2516995668411255]
[0.006210932042449713]
[0.014367882162332535]
[0.01299436017870903]
[0.004398244433104992]
[0.0283253975212574]
[0.6859655976295471]
[0.005201284307986498]
[0.010410880669951439]
[0.005422195419669151]
[0.1886400729417801]
[0.12732809782028198]
[0.0052482555620372295]
[0.005895671900361776]
[0.005685634445399046]
[0.040113963186740875]
[0.005884641781449318]
[0.2147502452135086]
[0.4444772005081177]
[0.3227158784866333]
[0.08547528088092804]
[0.00487184664234519]
[0.10248606652021408]
[0.005037433933466673]
[0.01979420892894268]
[0.006529565900564194]
[0.004880694672465324]
[0.0780513808131218]
[0.019216272979974747]
[0.005481898784637451]
[0.21022707223892212]
[0.0045694392174482346]
[0.01469764020293951]
[0.12201119214296341]
[0.41371917724609375]
[0.03137325122952461]
[0.017809923738241196]
[0.20562605559825897]
[0.0042955465614795685]
[0.004876487422734499]
[0.004773857071995735]
[0.005065270233899355]
[0.004996176343411207]
[0.018644463270902634]
[1.000312089920044]
[0.05420969799160957]
[0.017875898629426956]
[0.021123560145497322]
[0.005010626744478941]
[0.3028942346572876]
[0.0058351303450763226]
[0.006236524786800146]
[0.005931707564741373]
[0.006572717800736427]
[0.4589557647705078]
[0.12729260325431824]
[0.021330876275897026]
[0.0050797369331121445]
[0.01919812522828579]
[0.005019534379243851]
[0.2603641450405121]
[1.1009293794631958]
[0.0853642150759697]
[6.7322611808776855]
[0.05762328952550888]
[0.3371182382106781]
[0.03703884035348892]
[0.8685387372970581]
[1.2643779516220093]
[0.00397675484418869]
[0.3268570303916931]
[0.004176003392785788]
[0.00510404771193862]
[0.675813615322113]
[0.02124512754380703]
[0.006783696357160807]
[0.08517424762248993]
[0.07349171489477158]
[0.004370879381895065]
[0.5261009931564331]
[0.8433177471160889]
[0.00608926871791482]
[0.08502409607172012]
[0.27261772751808167]
[0.005632756277918816]
[0.6637453436851501]
[0.6627974510192871]
[1.995747685432434]
[0.06400910764932632]
[0.5038618445396423]
[0.014980404637753963]
[0.39451199769973755]
[0.004748639650642872]
[0.019506137818098068]
[0.004154919181019068]
[0.19269056618213654]
[0.005241015926003456]
[0.15007130801677704]
[0.004269145894795656]
[0.02738802134990692]
[0.34367480874061584]
[0.3029046356678009]
[0.004728072788566351]
[0.12779949605464935]
[0.005620856769382954]
[0.055322933942079544]
[0.05076569691300392]
[0.43626129627227783]
[0.004358659498393536]
[0.00536930188536644]
[0.48966363072395325]
[0.0047201975248754025]
[0.005737523548305035]
[0.005173938348889351]
[0.00493718171492219]
[0.08502024412155151]
[3.7948224544525146]
[0.014089666306972504]
[0.030803270637989044]
[0.012378486804664135]
[0.26419174671173096]
[0.28266391158103943]
[0.12408661842346191]
[0.012426398694515228]
[0.4034768342971802]
[0.02327795699238777]
[0.8867405652999878]
[0.08378499001264572]
[0.04975369945168495]
[0.023906948044896126]
[0.03171203285455704]
[0.00772393774241209]
[0.08479297906160355]
[0.6750908493995667]
[0.004617704544216394]
[0.02712211385369301]
[0.006075771991163492]
[0.22101281583309174]
[0.12748368084430695]
[0.004824806936085224]
[0.014575088396668434]
[0.2511633336544037]
[0.0048559242859482765]
[0.005178933031857014]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.021005818620324135]
[0.02698780596256256]
[0.25721096992492676]
[0.2871216833591461]
[0.5940102934837341]
[1.007304072380066]
[0.0480620376765728]
[0.6555287837982178]
[0.006980583071708679]
[0.004814499523490667]
[0.26016420125961304]
[0.005142999347299337]
[0.029148085042834282]
[0.01851021870970726]
[0.019010629504919052]
[0.019537508487701416]
[0.01687508635222912]
[0.29028335213661194]
[0.03164098411798477]
[0.0043212976306676865]
[0.29911378026008606]
[0.011089228093624115]
[0.00484411371871829]
[0.02320280857384205]
[0.044343866407871246]
[0.004641719628125429]
[0.6503534913063049]
[0.2852499186992645]
[0.0848049744963646]
[0.004794192034751177]
[0.005136674270033836]
[0.029957240447402]
[0.004540402442216873]
[0.08481717854738235]
[0.004573897924274206]
[2.5626721382141113]
[0.40793824195861816]
[0.004783615004271269]
[0.9451940059661865]
[0.12714186310768127]
[0.004580980632454157]
[0.020252125337719917]
[0.027081819251179695]
[0.5062662959098816]
[0.015456794761121273]
[0.004966089501976967]
[0.2101576030254364]
[0.04227805510163307]
[0.12704935669898987]
[0.0040940456092357635]
[0.011822406202554703]
[0.021776068955659866]
[0.03259774297475815]
[0.007360763382166624]
[0.004601615481078625]
[0.146164670586586]
[0.01781987026333809]
[0.3052158057689667]
[0.012148058041930199]
[0.005005678627640009]
[0.0267544724047184]
[0.159941166639328]
[0.008095094934105873]
[0.25672370195388794]
[0.023137884214520454]
[0.007642684038728476]
[0.008608951233327389]
[0.005357414949685335]
[0.15254607796669006]
[1.6394038200378418]
[0.044540077447891235]
[0.01135495025664568]
[0.004097216296941042]
[0.7681615352630615]
[0.3856678903102875]
[0.16618408262729645]
[0.03813617303967476]
[0.03385839983820915]
[0.019796021282672882]
[0.12678101658821106]
[0.058168116956949234]
[0.004702167119830847]
[0.01832585409283638]
[0.12673525512218475]
[0.007504468783736229]
[0.013058320619165897]
[0.003780168015509844]
[0.07096324861049652]
[0.004775935783982277]
[0.0047591738402843475]
[0.005254771094769239]
[0.004577186889946461]
[0.00514605175703764]
[0.026061873883008957]
[0.009846524335443974]
[0.0050825621001422405]
[0.01634366437792778]
[0.17842455208301544]
[0.00562010332942009]
[0.004530441947281361]
[0.004038461484014988]
[0.5599014759063721]
[0.02412569709122181]
[0.005935408640652895]
[0.015558538027107716]
[0.005835954565554857]
[0.012818421237170696]
[0.00619540736079216]
[0.004594309721142054]
[0.01927207037806511]
[0.014403433538973331]
[0.004567194730043411]
[0.004599615931510925]
[0.01840033382177353]
[0.0036822352558374405]
[0.004839929286390543]
[0.12619096040725708]
[0.3956744372844696]
[0.1211075708270073]
[0.004386504180729389]
[0.02434609644114971]
[0.005011021625250578]
[0.003802566323429346]
[0.006173485890030861]
[0.006038710009306669]
[0.12596872448921204]
[0.003788290312513709]
[0.27986761927604675]
[0.23335005342960358]
[0.017984986305236816]
[0.004775451496243477]
[0.013733222149312496]
[0.017033563926815987]
[0.0047493260353803635]
[0.006927324924618006]
[0.009156325832009315]
[0.004748247098177671]
[0.0037206292618066072]
[0.05396488681435585]
[0.044421739876270294]
[0.04813309758901596]
[0.8073957562446594]
[0.004147929139435291]
[0.20910480618476868]
[0.004056816920638084]
[0.3993339240550995]
[0.1704927384853363]
[0.004376528784632683]
[0.12532997131347656]
[0.21090376377105713]
[0.003893410786986351]
[0.006689506582915783]
[0.01597495749592781]
[0.004949257709085941]
[0.00809473916888237]
[0.04063008725643158]
[0.24399621784687042]
[0.12511427700519562]
[0.0056864600628614426]
[0.01641564816236496]
[0.004712652415037155]
[0.12501832842826843]
[0.012510513886809349]
[0.025944648310542107]
[0.004689514171332121]
[0.0042948247864842415]
[0.12486445158720016]
[0.00883023627102375]
[0.0046316031366586685]
[0.08474097400903702]
[0.044825777411460876]
[0.0847126692533493]
[0.12466301023960114]
[0.0034907006192952394]
[0.003810059977695346]
[0.018286220729351044]
[0.0038749296218156815]
[0.0559760220348835]
[0.0034903762862086296]
[0.0042952741496264935]
[0.003906095400452614]
[0.027720339596271515]
[0.783827543258667]
[0.17353981733322144]
[0.004545203875750303]
[0.024007951840758324]
[0.359073668718338]
[0.251425564289093]
[0.0046108621172606945]
[0.004732340574264526]
[0.01711176335811615]
[0.004592775367200375]
[0.003894067369401455]
[0.025041630491614342]
[0.04677366092801094]
[0.3672892451286316]
[0.02570221573114395]
[0.08442813903093338]
[0.004231814295053482]
[0.003868945874273777]
[0.43773773312568665]
[0.003936068620532751]
[0.4675511121749878]
[0.016974443569779396]
[0.2731858491897583]
[0.0034774679224938154]
[0.004225423093885183]
[0.08432670682668686]
[0.004055724944919348]
[0.3197721242904663]
[0.0038153999485075474]
[0.005604514852166176]
[0.13841281831264496]
[0.003431030549108982]
[0.0039510964415967464]
[0.004411926958709955]
[0.004679825156927109]
[0.0148133160546422]
[0.395063579082489]
[0.006407501641660929]
[0.39353278279304504]
[0.021222896873950958]
[0.3263545334339142]
[0.08422005921602249]
[0.35156893730163574]
[0.016971386969089508]
[0.024762151762843132]
[0.15446263551712036]
[0.18489320576190948]
[0.018106624484062195]
[0.00419231690466404]
[0.004541422240436077]
[0.003930896986275911]
[0.004079511854797602]
[0.11616021394729614]
[0.004546420648694038]
[0.035335708409547806]
[0.0034410615917295218]
[0.29708319902420044]
[0.1362232267856598]
[0.27732211351394653]
[0.04715405032038689]
[0.005872385576367378]
[0.08416698127985]
[0.05100778490304947]
[0.016362763941287994]
[0.003816936630755663]
[0.004100334830582142]
[0.0038552293553948402]
[0.0033562760800123215]
[0.1235552728176117]
[0.04059228301048279]
[0.16338127851486206]
[0.5044098496437073]
[0.004506086930632591]
[0.004305688664317131]
[0.05076122283935547]
[0.3403877317905426]
[0.12342911958694458]
[0.003876996226608753]
[0.11418653279542923]
[0.40442749857902527]
[0.017482295632362366]
[0.04366771876811981]
[0.03649324178695679]
[0.003435078775510192]
[0.004468586295843124]
[0.4205430746078491]
[0.026913130655884743]
[0.2580054998397827]
[0.20809192955493927]
[0.0040977634489536285]
[0.018816787749528885]
[0.08412832021713257]
[0.27210578322410583]
[0.003450391348451376]
[0.046382226049900055]
[2.150759220123291]
[0.00384504278190434]
[0.004575216211378574]
[0.12322425842285156]
[0.004101736471056938]
[0.5073396563529968]
[0.7222968935966492]
[0.0038202085997909307]
[0.11308544874191284]
[0.33900582790374756]
[0.4511098563671112]
[0.05628001317381859]
[0.009856910444796085]
[0.046294089406728745]
[0.013649394735693932]
[0.08957674354314804]
[0.0034473217092454433]
[0.004653328564018011]
[0.006022446323186159]
[0.003859066404402256]
[0.08425828069448471]
[0.12390793859958649]
[0.003446020884439349]
[0.02198810502886772]
[0.00456195930019021]
[0.799513578414917]
[0.004581622313708067]
[0.06990435719490051]
[0.005720050539821386]
[0.022806089371442795]
[0.00476440554484725]
[0.0076157329604029655]
[0.45746827125549316]
[0.003369787009432912]
[0.024628767743706703]
[0.004655111581087112]
[0.44282326102256775]
[0.0030231287237256765]
[0.004673659801483154]
[1.0937618017196655]
[0.01646503619849682]
[0.005335092544555664]
[0.0030184814240783453]
[0.037602197378873825]
[0.007526487112045288]
[0.0043366439640522]
[0.08425852656364441]
[0.0043305461294949055]
[0.621109127998352]
[0.004639993421733379]
[0.12303724884986877]
[0.016879813745617867]
[0.003485192311927676]
[0.05794745311141014]
[0.0038157638628035784]
[0.0046513439156115055]
[0.003719673492014408]
[0.12289674580097198]
[0.03655996173620224]
[0.22229629755020142]
[0.08726749569177628]
[0.004597114399075508]
[0.15902358293533325]
[0.0038601174019277096]
[0.08398310840129852]
[0.026286259293556213]
[0.01884305477142334]
[0.045458417385816574]
[0.00399680295959115]
[0.004161464050412178]
[0.022705569863319397]
[0.003987700212746859]
[0.003570818342268467]
[0.2651621103286743]
[0.11671587824821472]
[0.08367415517568588]
[0.004299804102629423]
[0.5170719623565674]
[0.04707592353224754]
[0.09416154772043228]
[0.13934268057346344]
[0.016619054600596428]
[0.004218411166220903]
[0.004371813032776117]
[0.9553399682044983]
[0.22180037200450897]
[0.02606556937098503]
[0.032074522227048874]
[0.08356788009405136]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.004222249146550894]
[0.020464403554797173]
[0.003863483900204301]
[0.017803506925702095]
[0.09993377327919006]
[0.038214221596717834]
[0.4428938925266266]
[0.49139535427093506]
[0.22528183460235596]
[0.002840473083779216]
[0.016499822959303856]
[3.025728225708008]
[0.0050493027083575726]
[0.035949788987636566]
[0.0036051806528121233]
[0.0036810061428695917]
[0.08342552930116653]
[0.08339902758598328]
[0.004126465413719416]
[0.014863344840705395]
[0.0720401406288147]
[0.4097249507904053]
[0.01945711486041546]
[0.0037293815985322]
[0.20729950070381165]
[0.015317440032958984]
[0.481062650680542]
[0.0039713396690785885]
[0.0032143627759069204]
[0.0986737459897995]
[0.016713881865143776]
[0.08293275535106659]
[0.004542992915958166]
[0.2039690464735031]
[0.017222238704562187]
[0.05474398657679558]
[0.005143341608345509]
[0.0038309823721647263]
[0.06657063215970993]
[0.0035031947772949934]
[0.004530994687229395]
[0.01952297054231167]
[0.0033526592887938023]
[0.0038006624672561884]
[0.06582653522491455]
[0.15123941004276276]
[0.010371183045208454]
[0.006465013138949871]
[0.08267679065465927]
[0.013907586224377155]
[0.12155145406723022]
[0.04285919666290283]
[0.0038135305512696505]
[0.21042034029960632]
[0.12147430330514908]
[0.4065062999725342]
[0.0348377600312233]
[0.12139879167079926]
[0.004477701615542173]
[0.0242025014013052]
[0.0034873676486313343]
[0.4071536660194397]
[0.39239150285720825]
[0.003827588865533471]
[0.13938789069652557]
[0.007482348475605249]
[0.031946130096912384]
[0.005848322529345751]
[0.02370917983353138]
[0.12114693969488144]
[0.0035528955049812794]
[0.0047231814824044704]
[0.01059329230338335]
[0.1210513785481453]
[0.01807534135878086]
[0.47266751527786255]
[0.004472358617931604]
[0.04225939139723778]
[0.017820505425333977]
[0.08233043551445007]
[0.014630633406341076]
[0.059436697512865067]
[0.0034379588905721903]
[0.21433265507221222]
[0.0026170385535806417]
[0.002674795687198639]
[0.003641118062660098]
[0.003672613762319088]
[0.003972531296312809]
[0.006226277444511652]
[0.02857343666255474]
[0.015532707795500755]
[0.0424426794052124]
[0.4337270259857178]
[0.019093753769993782]
[0.04345326870679855]
[0.014092261902987957]
[0.005229190457612276]
[0.7411143779754639]
[0.007400051224976778]
[0.5663736462593079]
[0.018527599051594734]
[0.005116552580147982]
[0.03815292939543724]
[0.0035437997430562973]
[0.2064318209886551]
[0.08215154707431793]
[0.004327812697738409]
[0.12056850641965866]
[0.0036137565039098263]
[0.043694376945495605]
[0.057894423604011536]
[0.1772693246603012]
[0.0819099172949791]
[0.07154650241136551]
[0.0037652431055903435]
[0.003954813815653324]
[0.0024163939524441957]
[0.009192239493131638]
[0.0817466676235199]
[0.003241528756916523]
[0.002537381835281849]
[0.007451084442436695]
[0.021302983164787292]
[0.003240121528506279]
[0.24422861635684967]
[0.003519671270623803]
[0.20890052616596222]
[0.04102238640189171]
[0.04298262298107147]
[0.12017631530761719]
[0.4103758931159973]
[0.1201375275850296]
[0.167724609375]
[0.0035882345400750637]
[0.006089028902351856]
[0.7841598987579346]
[0.695929765701294]
[0.003484145039692521]
[0.16480770707130432]
[0.04201369732618332]
[0.014592000283300877]
[0.21724319458007812]
[0.3131393790245056]
[0.22617360949516296]
[0.0035552880726754665]
[0.00727891456335783]
[0.0064118243753910065]
[0.0061894990503787994]
[0.16131620109081268]
[0.039132725447416306]
[0.003182348096743226]
[0.013858985155820847]
[0.15103605389595032]
[0.011405465193092823]
[0.0034509606193751097]
[0.004818888381123543]
[0.16766512393951416]
[0.0411497987806797]
[0.0038795971777290106]
[0.03234202787280083]
[0.08145733922719955]
[0.03305544704198837]
[0.0023524912539869547]
[0.003212885232642293]
[0.01916845701634884]
[0.003168631810694933]
[0.003352925181388855]
[0.11990482360124588]
[0.11330797523260117]
[0.0219490434974432]
[0.3185563385486603]
[0.4057683050632477]
[0.003073762869462371]
[0.02023879997432232]
[0.005502557381987572]
[0.04892812669277191]
[0.006049445830285549]
[0.056697551161050797]
[0.22355163097381592]
[0.0814376249909401]
[1.6043727397918701]
[0.01919652707874775]
[0.02425467036664486]
[0.0037425607442855835]
[0.01711316779255867]
[0.027443213388323784]
[1.2189512252807617]
[3.2954559326171875]
[0.02830991894006729]
[0.21691569685935974]
[0.01847631111741066]
[0.00282610347494483]
[0.0034690257161855698]
[0.1193116307258606]
[0.010939882136881351]
[0.22742290794849396]
[0.01976049318909645]
[0.07623644173145294]
[0.0029147574678063393]
[0.2006985992193222]
[0.0029933578334748745]
[0.11917295306921005]
[0.014043997973203659]
[0.04238952696323395]
[0.5461521744728088]
[0.22623954713344574]
[0.00411884393543005]
[0.11905965954065323]
[0.10254141688346863]
[0.14868777990341187]
[0.01259054895490408]
[0.011586346663534641]
[0.02899743989109993]
[0.0031732083298265934]
[0.04409174621105194]
[0.11890117824077606]
[0.010096248239278793]
[0.004117106087505817]
[0.3831722140312195]
[0.01798105426132679]
[1.8852531909942627]
[0.007129093632102013]
[0.013765649870038033]
[0.4526256322860718]
[0.5137830972671509]
[0.003079061396420002]
[0.0038983288686722517]
[0.002997451461851597]
[0.021771492436528206]
[0.06951705366373062]
[0.15288586914539337]
[0.13274355232715607]
[0.050879355520009995]
[0.023162031546235085]
[0.11875153332948685]
[0.09392333030700684]
[0.002082141814753413]
[0.013735593296587467]
[0.10379502922296524]
[0.081621915102005]
[0.004616791382431984]
[0.4709702730178833]
[0.0815974622964859]
[0.5065453052520752]
[0.0034011020325124264]
[0.14384405314922333]
[0.007886719889938831]
[0.22611816227436066]
[0.08065739274024963]
[0.013762353919446468]
[0.08673068881034851]
[0.02116464637219906]
[0.0028275835793465376]
[0.017267480492591858]
[0.5101668834686279]
[16.454435348510742]
[0.0033034009393304586]
[0.0034548104740679264]
[0.003764546010643244]
[0.12414231151342392]
[0.0029410850256681442]
[0.16553281247615814]
[0.006574445404112339]
[0.003552124137058854]
[0.00331125408411026]
[0.06515470147132874]
[0.00357652734965086]
[0.14917491376399994]
[1.676700472831726]
[0.003974048420786858]
[0.0043356530368328094]
[0.0414554625749588]
[0.32551413774490356]
[0.08153703808784485]
[0.0040269638411700726]
[0.01941329799592495]
[0.003622175194323063]
[0.029329869896173477]
[0.2575666606426239]
[0.0049204458482563496]
[0.013707872480154037]
[0.34560301899909973]
[0.4266728162765503]
[0.34522658586502075]
[0.32639968395233154]
[0.004320431035012007]
[0.004481860902160406]
[0.003420861903578043]
[0.1885065883398056]
[0.008709641173481941]
[0.009263674728572369]
[0.11912992596626282]
[0.01876114308834076]
[0.004440543707460165]
[0.05525656044483185]
[0.0031551497522741556]
[0.017395395785570145]
[7.907497406005859]
[0.44275206327438354]
[0.004229826852679253]
[0.003952157683670521]
[0.043964095413684845]
[2.0823938846588135]
[0.0035041761584579945]
[0.9605336785316467]
[0.004268116317689419]
[0.25271889567375183]
[0.003342945361509919]
[0.005617644637823105]
[0.006823132745921612]
[2.3012430667877197]
[0.00283124390989542]
[0.01472780667245388]
[0.06918445229530334]
[0.006372382864356041]
[0.039913907647132874]
[0.005349751561880112]
[0.006430784240365028]
[0.013640829361975193]
[0.04565168544650078]
[0.39510247111320496]
[0.00332698505371809]
[0.0029227854683995247]
[0.017354393377900124]
[0.009575910866260529]
[0.003068001475185156]
[0.11837068200111389]
[0.27510374784469604]
[0.6730185151100159]
[0.0739029049873352]
[0.4135322570800781]
[0.010074452497065067]
[0.0031891558319330215]
[6.101576328277588]
[0.06608062982559204]
[0.042534057050943375]
[0.6105294823646545]
[0.008187654428184032]
[0.006292164791375399]
[0.11853484809398651]
[0.08184300363063812]
[0.00410620030015707]
[0.07720613479614258]
[0.08179174363613129]
[0.4148983061313629]
[0.004090393893420696]
[0.003764829598367214]
[0.003506686305627227]
[0.0033508315682411194]
[0.024323470890522003]
[0.016491197049617767]
[0.13171496987342834]
[0.1763109713792801]
[0.18959476053714752]
[0.0033353925682604313]
[0.95746248960495]
[0.026312459260225296]
[0.0627223551273346]
[0.6091260313987732]
[0.0033238925971090794]
[0.005881545599550009]
[0.013475481420755386]
[0.506920576095581]
[0.002757250564172864]
[0.03378145024180412]
[0.002877096878364682]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.018939770758152008]
[0.11842602491378784]
[0.19017784297466278]
[0.006219836883246899]
[0.5878520011901855]
[0.3100569546222687]
[0.0031484446953982115]
[0.003261926118284464]
[0.002781402552500367]
[1.4316705465316772]
[0.016775058582425117]
[0.005258437246084213]
[0.002226776909083128]
[0.3216344714164734]
[3.137493371963501]
[0.004465547390282154]
[0.0032004322856664658]
[0.0027072164230048656]
[0.5422324538230896]
[0.08136658370494843]
[0.002956767100840807]
[0.0048937713727355]
[0.009169794619083405]
[0.30302685499191284]
[0.2996528744697571]
[0.10617417097091675]
[0.01627613976597786]
[0.005876451265066862]
[0.0023796146269887686]
[0.14777249097824097]
[0.011989792808890343]
[0.004756812937557697]
[0.004408477805554867]
[0.01887483336031437]
[0.0032456619665026665]
[0.0028244114946573973]
[0.0596427395939827]
[1.2296569347381592]
[0.005545350257307291]
[0.0036462184507399797]
[0.005196483805775642]
[0.03366251289844513]
[0.3661351501941681]
[0.0026288232766091824]
[1.6226087808609009]
[0.5853264331817627]
[0.0027503161691129208]
[0.003332051681354642]
[0.0047360067255795]
[0.0036499309353530407]
[0.019925599917769432]
[0.019115280359983444]
[0.11867040395736694]
[0.08162113279104233]
[0.013282084837555885]
[0.0036254015285521746]
[0.018335692584514618]
[0.058554425835609436]
[0.003973628394305706]
[0.02156630903482437]
[0.11859763413667679]
[0.530296266078949]
[0.13424867391586304]
[0.0815267264842987]
[0.8385634422302246]
[2.905869722366333]
[1.3458751440048218]
[2.619929790496826]
[0.1592077612876892]
[0.191287100315094]
[0.06260997802019119]
[0.0026639404240995646]
[0.003354230895638466]
[0.003703448222950101]
[0.30103617906570435]
[0.0020179133862257004]
[0.11863008141517639]
[0.02810022048652172]
[0.26178327202796936]
[0.002685247454792261]
[0.0037019916344434023]
[0.004840085282921791]
[0.002810073783621192]
[0.00405016727745533]
[0.01889660581946373]
[0.2156277298927307]
[0.0029350873082876205]
[0.002315591089427471]
[0.002791356761008501]
[0.20130789279937744]
[0.004030547104775906]
[0.22789831459522247]
[0.08293512463569641]
[0.17742648720741272]
[0.3190709054470062]
[0.10063514113426208]
[0.043566618114709854]
[0.01859627291560173]
[4.619783878326416]
[0.08128304779529572]
[0.003221596125513315]
[0.50196373462677]
[3.558668851852417]
[0.0027384948916733265]
[0.021024728193879128]
[0.03257126733660698]
[0.0032633384689688683]
[0.11870779097080231]
[0.4573681950569153]
[0.007122264709323645]
[0.08099255710840225]
[0.06384804844856262]
[0.3183336555957794]
[0.003127018455415964]
[0.023961687460541725]
[0.11864642798900604]
[0.060996368527412415]
[0.014497926458716393]
[0.36843520402908325]
[0.0026495936326682568]
[0.24705226719379425]
[0.193697988986969]
[0.11845507472753525]
[202.65896606445312]
[0.0033610761165618896]
[0.0028241723775863647]
[3.576230764389038]
[0.12019050866365433]
[1.4045809507369995]
[0.005809974856674671]
[0.047957949340343475]
[0.379599004983902]
[0.05054723098874092]
[0.5584235787391663]
[0.1116316020488739]
[0.16741786897182465]
[4.343324661254883]
[0.0031192100141197443]
[0.11943108588457108]
[0.08108728379011154]
[0.3862350881099701]
[0.004173213616013527]
[0.0029977040830999613]
[0.0810328871011734]
[0.1193019226193428]
[0.025064969435334206]
[0.003088009310886264]
[2.663776159286499]
[0.824512243270874]
[1.155968189239502]
[0.1020372211933136]
[0.5203907489776611]
[0.08096309006214142]
[0.004547607619315386]
[1.7747068405151367]
[0.005147427320480347]
[0.050257597118616104]
[0.03322061151266098]
[0.11940142512321472]
[0.003835421521216631]
[0.09809054434299469]
[0.0320533812046051]
[0.013010450638830662]
[0.0033887922763824463]
[0.7235174775123596]
[0.6912482976913452]
[0.1193271279335022]
[0.11937452107667923]
[0.021397504955530167]
[0.00436940835788846]
[0.28632548451423645]
[1.657909870147705]
[0.29485639929771423]
[0.00335241318680346]
[0.0032702386379241943]
[0.30419865250587463]
[0.22434869408607483]
[4.106382369995117]
[0.01013476774096489]
[0.021989602595567703]
[0.013172974810004234]
[0.014606031589210033]
[0.03842328488826752]
[0.003557601012289524]
[0.0051187993958592415]
[0.003117865417152643]
[0.04355182498693466]
[0.014176218770444393]
[0.11874330788850784]
[0.017074599862098694]
[0.10158783197402954]
[0.09697733074426651]
[0.051178835332393646]
[0.5672218799591064]
[1.8705943822860718]
[0.0873059630393982]
[0.00567901274189353]
[0.04327751696109772]
[0.046334926038980484]
[0.003246491542086005]
[0.014812532812356949]
[1.00130033493042]
[0.020079270005226135]
[0.013427980244159698]
[0.11855976283550262]
[0.2818549871444702]
[0.0032440784852951765]
[0.7976877689361572]
[0.11851555854082108]
[0.11849402636289597]
[0.1635151356458664]
[0.08446096628904343]
[0.01461199764162302]
[0.003358847461640835]
[0.09878486394882202]
[0.016723444685339928]
[0.7307077050209045]
[0.04768399894237518]
[0.0027882785070687532]
[0.1695190817117691]
[0.11819116771221161]
[0.5199738144874573]
[0.11813714355230331]
[0.2631160020828247]
[0.0029249947983771563]
[0.003118072170764208]
[0.49238526821136475]
[0.005359017755836248]
[0.7994924187660217]
[0.7488144636154175]
[1.1780939102172852]
[0.4240707755088806]
[0.004367134999483824]
[0.06259199976921082]
[0.003923050593584776]
[0.11786855012178421]
[0.0030568919610232115]
[0.0225177314132452]
[0.03225932642817497]
[0.004062366671860218]
[0.004420026671141386]
[0.004647384397685528]
[0.013376290909945965]
[5.3884992599487305]
[0.02286682091653347]
[0.019908005371689796]
[0.013365408405661583]
[0.003411651588976383]
[1.7128349542617798]
[0.010693598538637161]
[0.0032312239054590464]
[0.002216285327449441]
[0.03650761768221855]
[0.5077401995658875]
[0.08142049610614777]
[0.00278115994296968]
[0.11747023463249207]
[0.20143361389636993]
[0.0026990664191544056]
[0.0035223851446062326]
[0.11736471951007843]
[0.10132841020822525]
[0.6357468962669373]
[0.013799010775983334]
[0.25753360986709595]
[0.016012005507946014]
[0.43619289994239807]
[0.0025257193483412266]
[0.11062120646238327]
[0.017969675362110138]
[0.00554768368601799]
[0.004007752053439617]
[0.38139140605926514]
[0.013526899740099907]
[0.002947586588561535]
[0.0028716083616018295]
[0.002863261615857482]
[0.11712934821844101]
[0.1975497305393219]
[0.02550497092306614]
[0.1483643800020218]
[1.7678351402282715]
[0.003246048465371132]
[0.004061081446707249]
[0.034564387053251266]
[0.018405873328447342]
[0.013485732488334179]
[0.20169419050216675]
[0.014355110004544258]
[0.47276854515075684]
[0.07846610993146896]
[0.014150314033031464]
[0.06571155786514282]
[0.023925693705677986]
[0.08169639855623245]
[0.6270273327827454]
[0.004097846336662769]
[0.18964482843875885]
[0.7476487755775452]
[0.003056610468775034]
[0.06956685334444046]
[0.0031841229647397995]
[0.29387518763542175]
[0.06014412268996239]
[0.24578991532325745]
[0.021047234535217285]
[0.003469767514616251]
[0.013545496389269829]
[0.02457193285226822]
[0.03165222704410553]
[0.06691037118434906]
[0.04449561610817909]
[0.07561337202787399]
[0.022990159690380096]
[0.11693651974201202]
[0.0033260544296354055]
[0.0028787979390472174]
[0.5422656536102295]
[0.004420408513396978]
[0.0027270701248198748]
[0.4797498285770416]
[0.0030315318144857883]
[0.01960499957203865]
[5.089356899261475]
[0.13924868404865265]
[0.0138469897210598]
[0.0026610312052071095]
[0.32905372977256775]
[1.178221344947815]
[0.3053106963634491]
[0.27680230140686035]
[0.06328220665454865]
[0.0818033218383789]
[27.552377700805664]
[0.017525574192404747]
[0.0075078862719237804]
[0.11676294356584549]
[0.0031872140243649483]
[0.11680566519498825]
[0.32307541370391846]
[0.00285328458994627]
[2.121800184249878]
[0.09761670976877213]
[0.03406190872192383]
[0.004246157128363848]
[1.1172038316726685]
[3.318713426589966]
[4.54139518737793]
[0.8635994791984558]
[0.8989852070808411]
[2.061549186706543]
[6.320090293884277]
[4.042520523071289]
[20.506925582885742]
[4.532561779022217]
[0.1749405711889267]
[0.0027459277771413326]
[0.05798545852303505]
[0.054092150181531906]
[0.016235072165727615]
[0.01233705598860979]
[0.42757728695869446]
[0.23516996204853058]
[0.00855569913983345]
[0.745166003704071]
[0.002265237970277667]
[0.0783388763666153]
[0.12875738739967346]
[0.08063172549009323]
[0.014484763145446777]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.003184474306181073]
[0.0025637487415224314]
[6.785973072052002]
[1.1435645818710327]
[0.023904573172330856]
[0.6162456274032593]
[0.22003760933876038]
[0.013519346714019775]
[0.002540829824283719]
[0.0035072036553174257]
[0.004485113546252251]
[0.010513841174542904]
[0.04902360960841179]
[0.016105126589536667]
[0.00419140700250864]
[0.030428875237703323]
[0.004193153232336044]
[1.0080657005310059]
[0.2778642475605011]
[0.09482118487358093]
[0.002690540160983801]
[0.03982003405690193]
[0.0038673044182360172]
[0.8070375919342041]
[1.1382368803024292]
[0.08792304992675781]
[0.310141384601593]
[0.043262362480163574]
[0.0032474836334586143]
[0.5746524333953857]
[0.0177447609603405]
[0.8057582974433899]
[0.17990072071552277]
[0.12770189344882965]
[0.01585225947201252]
[0.002909316448494792]
[0.002739937277510762]
[0.0030923516023904085]
[0.08099933713674545]
[0.5458623766899109]
[0.023303449153900146]
[0.0499427430331707]
[0.07722804695367813]
[0.0840616226196289]
[0.020937731489539146]
[0.08101462572813034]
[0.1457550972700119]
[1.0538785457611084]
[0.011530357412993908]
[0.013719583861529827]
[0.0018830863991752267]
[0.02078583650290966]
[0.15378031134605408]
[0.018500538542866707]
[0.6939597129821777]
[0.046647462993860245]
[0.03803003951907158]
[0.7259052395820618]
[0.0024939703289419413]
[0.19869069755077362]
[0.003966360818594694]
[0.003594795474782586]
[0.4318280816078186]
[0.7720934152603149]
[0.0035930618178099394]
[30.1044921875]
[0.00261340057477355]
[0.002631870564073324]
[0.0032031633891165257]
[0.01656065322458744]
[0.15037453174591064]
[0.08066853880882263]
[0.15173977613449097]
[0.11506841331720352]
[0.12192081660032272]
[0.7975488305091858]
[0.6300953030586243]
[1.0775938034057617]
[0.5599486827850342]
[0.00431622751057148]
[0.4969181418418884]
[0.03761164844036102]
[0.03665013611316681]
[0.004326751455664635]
[0.07910103350877762]
[0.8334758281707764]
[0.0026067497674375772]
[0.025087637826800346]
[0.02041509374976158]
[0.00556880934163928]
[0.3950027823448181]
[0.16813291609287262]
[1.2216018438339233]
[0.24287545680999756]
[0.014915989711880684]
[0.209451824426651]
[0.2548680603504181]
[0.03479466214776039]
[0.05782129615545273]
[0.006591551937162876]
[0.06168505176901817]
[0.002103252802044153]
[0.3443804085254669]
[0.01577705331146717]
[0.006905238144099712]
[0.003085440956056118]
[0.32997673749923706]
[0.04214198514819145]
[0.5578252673149109]
[0.021725043654441833]
[0.28681039810180664]
[0.5686057806015015]
[0.15594038367271423]
[0.11502859741449356]
[0.0037273133639246225]
[1.6319475173950195]
[0.014408547431230545]
[0.14736831188201904]
[1.9311937093734741]
[0.004152515437453985]
[0.23645801842212677]
[0.335133820772171]
[0.005984531249850988]
[0.003395654959604144]
[0.04837200790643692]
[0.04731585830450058]
[0.3143607974052429]
[0.34820306301116943]
[0.06570317596197128]
[0.03734808415174484]
[0.009491433389484882]
[0.01829354465007782]
[0.2709495425224304]
[0.0115817217156291]
[0.11516475677490234]
[0.0032895973417907953]
[0.2012031376361847]
[0.36154744029045105]
[0.003110466292127967]
[0.6650116443634033]
[0.08217446506023407]
[0.07114390283823013]
[0.0037136159371584654]
[0.004725090693682432]
[0.0033753225579857826]
[0.005720971617847681]
[0.004739937838166952]
[0.0034378906711935997]
[0.0034634985495358706]
[0.1150527372956276]
[0.25984013080596924]
[0.0035759860184043646]
[0.005635756999254227]
[0.003293950343504548]
[0.33187445998191833]
[0.5061699151992798]
[0.04927944764494896]
[0.4657667875289917]
[0.0032937433570623398]
[0.017611093819141388]
[0.08222770690917969]
[4.328400135040283]
[0.01974765956401825]
[0.007193733472377062]
[0.014695044606924057]
[0.08950993418693542]
[0.010387841612100601]
[0.4759038984775543]
[0.02258690446615219]
[0.006815207190811634]
[0.007616083603352308]
[0.0030559415463358164]
[0.003496479010209441]
[0.11484787613153458]
[0.003081453498452902]
[0.020975599065423012]
[0.0037349991034716368]
[0.21060141921043396]
[1.211541771888733]
[0.09937518835067749]
[0.004605505149811506]
[0.01329317782074213]
[0.7120665907859802]
[0.11605163663625717]
[0.04338809475302696]
[0.24462094902992249]
[0.2106923609972]
[0.03133750334382057]
[0.004750915337353945]
[0.11469461768865585]
[0.12963345646858215]
[0.016645699739456177]
[0.0047332532703876495]
[1.326257586479187]
[0.031875938177108765]
[0.003248493419960141]
[0.004182393196970224]
[0.004152466077357531]
[0.7207132577896118]
[0.04100637137889862]
[0.0059311725199222565]
[0.08217303454875946]
[0.0059371888637542725]
[0.05275227501988411]
[0.004669955465942621]
[0.01301504485309124]
[1.1807434558868408]
[0.4968614876270294]
[0.025603780522942543]
[0.008811580948531628]
[0.044089507311582565]
[0.0034434953704476357]
[0.11439885199069977]
[0.007489856332540512]
[0.08207879960536957]
[0.18118074536323547]
[0.4907994866371155]
[0.0071828607469797134]
[0.014785587787628174]
[0.0036700787022709846]
[0.016414914280176163]
[0.10179898887872696]
[0.024485403671860695]
[0.0035493543837219477]
[0.006987893022596836]
[0.0024610499385744333]
[0.026308953762054443]
[0.1779513955116272]
[0.7164742350578308]
[0.027883505448698997]
[0.003879216266795993]
[0.04275132343173027]
[0.004563778638839722]
[0.011074185371398926]
[0.004245693329721689]
[0.03242773190140724]
[0.4576067626476288]
[0.0024220889899879694]
[0.003200612962245941]
[0.26834946870803833]
[0.003940180875360966]
[0.08176988363265991]
[0.033358290791511536]
[0.01000315509736538]
[0.03254871442914009]
[0.003900498151779175]
[0.27107569575309753]
[0.049443140625953674]
[0.0034805864561349154]
[0.003477782942354679]
[0.30274105072021484]
[0.061980023980140686]
[1.9680261611938477]
[0.004446743987500668]
[0.004451053217053413]
[0.0033392596524208784]
[0.16415546834468842]
[0.11379256099462509]
[0.0044226618483662605]
[0.11533809453248978]
[0.0029797139577567577]
[0.27194225788116455]
[0.21170277893543243]
[0.0034239154774695635]
[0.024090060964226723]
[0.003254012204706669]
[0.47023704648017883]
[0.382781445980072]
[0.38114386796951294]
[0.005601142067462206]
[0.27300000190734863]
[2.1150906085968018]
[0.0031146458350121975]
[0.012390349060297012]
[0.0035597013775259256]
[0.03749312460422516]
[0.23390352725982666]
[0.35716956853866577]
[0.1791718602180481]
[0.003037762828171253]
[0.09269769489765167]
[0.027241935953497887]
[0.026616409420967102]
[0.01995486207306385]
[0.003073261585086584]
[0.45345017313957214]
[0.0034457319416105747]
[0.02105719782412052]
[0.11350055038928986]
[0.20036976039409637]
[0.0037930235266685486]
[0.003139311447739601]
[0.023954587057232857]
[0.003097762819379568]
[0.8552208542823792]
[0.05563326179981232]
[0.6438691020011902]
[3.465474843978882]
[0.1861947476863861]
[0.0064651803113520145]
[0.3368821442127228]
[0.059326644986867905]
[0.0817110612988472]
[0.0030921800062060356]
[0.0037287515588104725]
[0.019658202305436134]
[0.0030267280526459217]
[0.003021415090188384]
[0.33232247829437256]
[0.02073654904961586]
[0.4434649348258972]
[0.009384392760694027]
[0.004352721385657787]
[0.0036772042512893677]
[0.07650813460350037]
[0.036684300750494]
[0.04755880683660507]
[0.11541575193405151]
[0.0032669042702764273]
[0.10401806235313416]
[0.0292555782943964]
[0.0029560490511357784]
[0.003331358078867197]
[0.003023306140676141]
[0.0033081474248319864]
[0.02401435375213623]
[0.003691178746521473]
[0.003341726725921035]
[0.0702274814248085]
[0.01767408289015293]
[0.0031376746483147144]
[0.00762271648272872]
[0.011222715489566326]
[0.02463282272219658]
[0.002824928844347596]
[0.0189852062612772]
[0.08308624476194382]
[0.004252743441611528]
[0.003965309355407953]
[0.13583648204803467]
[0.003980068024247885]
[0.1455371230840683]
[0.004253792576491833]
[0.15751513838768005]
[0.005689239129424095]
[0.009295064955949783]
[0.11072416603565216]
[0.0037422492168843746]
[0.003188163973391056]
[0.0032073280308395624]
[0.0038673037197440863]
[0.004156902898102999]
[0.1448742151260376]
[0.47317495942115784]
[0.11281325668096542]
[0.4565466642379761]
[0.0032228080090135336]
[0.004162890370935202]
[0.11273939162492752]
[0.0030654079746454954]
[0.0029758966993540525]
[0.09513977915048599]
[0.0042627109214663506]
[0.029878346249461174]
[6.570075035095215]
[0.002750678453594446]
[0.005265561398118734]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.05667002499103546]
[0.0037543056532740593]
[0.11245414614677429]
[0.11241886019706726]
[0.08184967935085297]
[0.0035116812214255333]
[0.022522663697600365]
[0.013294970616698265]
[0.02258382737636566]
[0.24534465372562408]
[0.07250595837831497]
[0.009463837370276451]
[0.19829969108104706]
[0.019633876159787178]
[0.06183534115552902]
[0.002964696381241083]
[0.10289351642131805]
[0.5440365076065063]
[0.003749256022274494]
[0.003358234651386738]
[0.13914844393730164]
[0.019467148929834366]
[0.12623628973960876]
[0.04268199950456619]
[0.00948304496705532]
[0.06549560278654099]
[0.4315061569213867]
[0.003284523729234934]
[0.002609564922749996]
[0.002678396413102746]
[0.023915233090519905]
[0.002612875308841467]
[10.938359260559082]
[0.002772095613181591]
[0.014204698614776134]
[0.010877294465899467]
[0.16045232117176056]
[0.028014574199914932]
[0.12261674553155899]
[0.08172985911369324]
[0.5972997546195984]
[0.0033520034048706293]
[1.1691559553146362]
[0.1537027359008789]
[0.0029660987202078104]
[0.2616220712661743]
[0.18485109508037567]
[0.0026406303513795137]
[0.09788818657398224]
[0.0030300349462777376]
[0.3320469260215759]
[0.015514174476265907]
[0.01890801638364792]
[0.9936694502830505]
[0.060534022748470306]
[0.14908547699451447]
[0.06099671497941017]
[0.08185876905918121]
[0.0032246068585664034]
[0.01586347259581089]
[0.11110938340425491]
[0.1111014261841774]
[0.028868891298770905]
[0.2254534512758255]
[0.00544122327119112]
[0.5152161121368408]
[5.569272518157959]
[0.44744405150413513]
[0.38281044363975525]
[0.11109575629234314]
[0.02644388936460018]
[0.0037052640691399574]
[0.0025721227284520864]
[0.5706445574760437]
[12.01185417175293]
[0.27094462513923645]
[0.002473092172294855]
[0.0024991976097226143]
[0.01652715541422367]
[0.012568208388984203]
[0.01729096844792366]
[0.002303336514160037]
[0.0029683143366128206]
[0.003904363140463829]
[0.36174121499061584]
[1.1691598892211914]
[0.10918179154396057]
[0.9497377872467041]
[0.19261516630649567]
[0.062203045934438705]
[0.5602409243583679]
[0.014191328547894955]
[0.0024968204088509083]
[0.003166769165545702]
[0.03786015883088112]
[0.015329062938690186]
[0.0026230765506625175]
[0.02756856195628643]
[0.004017099738121033]
[0.10779513418674469]
[0.00443783076480031]
[0.0035879581701010466]
[0.08050069212913513]
[0.013909118250012398]
[3.218441963195801]
[0.003195155179128051]
[0.2661367356777191]
[0.0034956939052790403]
[0.17011092603206635]
[0.1513316035270691]
[0.11173569411039352]
[0.2943435311317444]
[0.11176218837499619]
[0.003948758356273174]
[0.11176084727048874]
[0.002953160088509321]
[0.005765564274042845]
[0.0027213748544454575]
[0.03821733966469765]
[0.3147149384021759]
[0.003974556922912598]
[0.0033506141044199467]
[0.24419784545898438]
[0.004300712142139673]
[0.0031185501720756292]
[0.004294059704989195]
[0.003991777542978525]
[0.0029720906168222427]
[0.11163906008005142]
[0.4511464238166809]
[0.003229658119380474]
[0.04313356429338455]
[0.1260877102613449]
[0.2873772978782654]
[0.00403470266610384]
[0.324072927236557]
[0.00825614295899868]
[0.017859825864434242]
[0.07708021253347397]
[0.08316799253225327]
[0.011044579558074474]
[0.010236047208309174]
[0.30722808837890625]
[0.668719470500946]
[0.017209868878126144]
[0.0037115183658897877]
[0.0028882184997200966]
[0.003082774579524994]
[0.020539898425340652]
[0.02342139557003975]
[0.180691659450531]
[0.3344339430332184]
[0.2919248640537262]
[0.11142908781766891]
[0.006043672561645508]
[0.004298068583011627]
[0.011948402971029282]
[0.002993779256939888]
[0.009416574612259865]
[0.005567955784499645]
[0.019396673887968063]
[0.11134804040193558]
[0.003996482118964195]
[0.19675825536251068]
[0.2650817334651947]
[0.0028565842658281326]
[0.11125674098730087]
[0.3717338442802429]
[0.0028103559743613005]
[0.010132431983947754]
[0.003603447461500764]
[1.979681372642517]
[0.0029753167182207108]
[0.46584969758987427]
[5.036677837371826]
[0.013110148720443249]
[0.16556662321090698]
[1.253882646560669]
[0.11117276549339294]
[0.00498522212728858]
[0.22139352560043335]
[0.003082866780459881]
[0.38409531116485596]
[0.0750851184129715]
[0.11106830835342407]
[0.002733445493504405]
[0.0044724480248987675]
[0.5617021918296814]
[0.8294692039489746]
[0.004785504192113876]
[0.2972596287727356]
[0.003054462606087327]
[1.4665322303771973]
[0.1108754426240921]
[0.0027742022648453712]
[0.01786196231842041]
[0.0032704987097531557]
[0.40420523285865784]
[5.212076187133789]
[0.11068715155124664]
[0.009865496307611465]
[0.11058653146028519]
[0.0033815577626228333]
[1.0634076595306396]
[0.02656337060034275]
[0.03649388626217842]
[0.17310094833374023]
[0.5354063510894775]
[0.1314828246831894]
[0.08281257748603821]
[0.025697937235236168]
[0.0816325917840004]
[2.9150948524475098]
[0.20472951233386993]
[0.003347899066284299]
[0.0026077688671648502]
[0.004017305560410023]
[0.003809051588177681]
[0.0349535197019577]
[0.0027859266847372055]
[0.005053112283349037]
[0.015857530757784843]
[0.08316680043935776]
[0.06048376485705376]
[0.7887527942657471]
[3.9693050384521484]
[0.0030532011296600103]
[0.3675309419631958]
[0.5914359092712402]
[0.004200803581625223]
[1.066357135772705]
[0.5937456488609314]
[0.01846279390156269]
[0.06700371950864792]
[0.08383176475763321]
[0.01712844707071781]
[0.003452964359894395]
[0.004105076659470797]
[0.0032353035639971495]
[0.0034143629018217325]
[0.0033481288701295853]
[0.08411451429128647]
[0.014359528198838234]
[0.22849203646183014]
[0.2358383983373642]
[0.0032778766471892595]
[0.004030897282063961]
[2.1727724075317383]
[0.016571003943681717]
[0.0073848264291882515]
[0.0034754581283777952]
[0.03551609441637993]
[0.00453488202765584]
[0.004798721522092819]
[0.11135153472423553]
[0.5497198700904846]
[0.0035328473895788193]
[0.00750605296343565]
[0.011689463630318642]
[0.2933594286441803]
[0.003983860369771719]
[0.05254383012652397]
[0.02146855555474758]
[2.002354621887207]
[0.009010734967887402]
[0.01732371374964714]
[0.0059698112308979034]
[0.12503604590892792]
[0.004515507724136114]
[0.007344990968704224]
[0.21062937378883362]
[0.022199295461177826]
[0.005773307289928198]
[0.02848481386899948]
[0.00344671169295907]
[0.17658008635044098]
[0.004507364239543676]
[0.019793206825852394]
[0.13549096882343292]
[0.003339427523314953]
[0.0046191466972231865]
[0.0034579518251121044]
[0.0028626874554902315]
[0.0061300634406507015]
[0.11087846010923386]
[0.006346896756440401]
[0.005719893611967564]
[0.6516500115394592]
[0.0034029753878712654]
[0.003367109689861536]
[0.01496365200728178]
[1.7986831665039062]
[0.0032396025490015745]
[2.537867784500122]
[0.046071458607912064]
[0.0037556111346930265]
[0.03279099985957146]
[0.28889721632003784]
[1.3838626146316528]
[0.0034829324577003717]
[0.31993791460990906]
[1.9484665393829346]
[0.005271486006677151]
[0.0032087252475321293]
[0.8517794013023376]
[0.11058789491653442]
[0.006570728495717049]
[0.2746269702911377]
[0.0032374656293541193]
[0.2024470865726471]
[0.0033829796593636274]
[0.00408496567979455]
[0.011277497746050358]
[0.06846166402101517]
[0.01105156447738409]
[0.150382861495018]
[0.11055223643779755]
[0.003950031474232674]
[0.0035113152116537094]
[0.023692818358540535]
[0.27209582924842834]
[0.004459874704480171]
[0.39941662549972534]
[0.020581357181072235]
[0.00394117645919323]
[0.0922616571187973]
[0.0044719623401761055]
[0.01450630184262991]
[0.5116637945175171]
[0.01242336630821228]
[0.020532019436359406]
[0.11038711667060852]
[0.02219981886446476]
[0.003433315083384514]
[0.00538588035851717]
[0.03086729533970356]
[0.005365623161196709]
[0.6638218760490417]
[0.2558540105819702]
[0.026980305090546608]
[0.003235154552385211]
[0.004193088039755821]
[0.11019941419363022]
[0.3340865671634674]
[0.7378422021865845]
[0.5592110753059387]
[0.19466133415699005]
[0.007383063901215792]
[0.004122633021324873]
[0.014553860761225224]
[0.003470165655016899]
[0.009478605352342129]
[1.0599216222763062]
[1.2180848121643066]
[0.006705837789922953]
[0.004018143750727177]
[0.003244022373110056]
[0.02891146019101143]
[0.00337897427380085]
[0.014336999505758286]
[0.0037432617973536253]
[0.00879335030913353]
[0.00411084434017539]
[0.0035748484078794718]
[0.18400122225284576]
[0.029660554602742195]
[0.3404841125011444]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.01837400160729885]
[0.0032047361601144075]
[0.02553984336555004]
[0.003788716159760952]
[0.10992326587438583]
[9.556046485900879]
[1.0438971519470215]
[0.007155123166739941]
[0.00468648923560977]
[0.6140897274017334]
[0.06956619024276733]
[0.11705126613378525]
[0.003117527347058058]
[0.01117508765310049]
[0.004118811339139938]
[0.0050254142843186855]
[0.004085158929228783]
[0.011742567643523216]
[3.6357152462005615]
[0.015024726279079914]
[0.0027666061650961637]
[0.21349027752876282]
[0.22329246997833252]
[0.715487003326416]
[0.6735633611679077]
[0.4093784987926483]
[0.011843319050967693]
[0.00928113330155611]
[0.02435496635735035]
[0.002374684903770685]
[0.07293786108493805]
[0.0038796919398009777]
[0.06878472119569778]
[0.015097110532224178]
[0.27326902747154236]
[0.033802781254053116]
[0.011195246130228043]
[0.003031431697309017]
[0.0021073278039693832]
[0.0029364870861172676]
[1.237234354019165]
[0.9373629689216614]
[0.0436413511633873]
[0.00927759800106287]
[0.13018564879894257]
[0.019436364993453026]
[0.004129176028072834]
[0.003974957391619682]
[0.003199865808710456]
[0.10900893807411194]
[0.0036327997222542763]
[0.920793354511261]
[0.003162764012813568]
[0.13221882283687592]
[0.0031291439663618803]
[0.3237985372543335]
[0.041904110461473465]
[0.005153035745024681]
[0.01444927230477333]
[0.0039133294485509396]
[0.00785115733742714]
[0.003141683293506503]
[0.0037943171337246895]
[0.005993194412440062]
[0.07091627269983292]
[0.0066901324316859245]
[0.014653103426098824]
[0.0047672949731349945]
[0.004757584538310766]
[0.003640846349298954]
[0.0032230978831648827]
[0.003611269872635603]
[0.017242664471268654]
[0.006779543589800596]
[1.0409218072891235]
[0.003588711377233267]
[0.4650152623653412]
[0.004097518511116505]
[0.30709344148635864]
[0.00409731874242425]
[0.010888501070439816]
[0.4698869585990906]
[0.003856589552015066]
[0.01420329324901104]
[0.08463457226753235]
[0.006155748851597309]
[0.2905418574810028]
[0.003333806758746505]
[0.006360973697155714]
[0.002836330560967326]
[0.06247789040207863]
[0.08456771820783615]
[0.004584622569382191]
[0.01235436461865902]
[0.0035878815688192844]
[0.036875005811452866]
[0.3173811733722687]
[0.003845524974167347]
[0.00383657100610435]
[0.03335341066122055]
[0.03658457100391388]
[0.18802417814731598]
[0.010941576212644577]
[0.4859762191772461]
[0.10905879735946655]
[0.01705201528966427]
[0.0034721377305686474]
[0.003257879288867116]
[0.3541567921638489]
[0.004272285848855972]
[86.9266586303711]
[0.014463979750871658]
[0.1479034274816513]
[0.02299140766263008]
[1.4944339990615845]
[0.0032359666656702757]
[0.19433030486106873]
[0.08522701263427734]
[0.003489959053695202]
[1.7838492393493652]
[0.0037233501207083464]
[0.017095888033509254]
[0.25213396549224854]
[3.851238965988159]
[2.4294071197509766]
[0.06100135296583176]
[0.034136027097702026]
[0.003343050368130207]
[0.46820002794265747]
[0.003385879099369049]
[0.10946457087993622]
[0.014819378033280373]
[0.0038307001814246178]
[0.005036094691604376]
[0.0035217213444411755]
[0.004842895083129406]
[0.0039800419472157955]
[28.620746612548828]
[0.002999646123498678]
[115.92375183105469]
[0.28692424297332764]
[0.01683814637362957]
[0.26965630054473877]
[0.006248791236430407]
[0.0026804881636053324]
[0.00262282881885767]
[0.262020081281662]
[0.002550681820139289]
[1.1324183940887451]
[0.2692270874977112]
[0.7541320323944092]
[0.0028189662843942642]
[3.3231797218322754]
[0.12627194821834564]
[0.9789742231369019]
[1.1296324729919434]
[0.002778007183223963]
[0.39323848485946655]
[0.2244972437620163]
[0.10879740864038467]
[0.3279590308666229]
[0.00409988546743989]
[0.26671352982521057]
[0.39660316705703735]
[0.08366413414478302]
[0.0836506113409996]
[0.002971281995996833]
[0.08360069990158081]
[0.0028175574261695147]
[0.07513502985239029]
[0.07464497536420822]
[0.27429255843162537]
[0.0032829237170517445]
[0.0035563246347010136]
[0.08342655003070831]
[0.45646438002586365]
[0.060859646648168564]
[0.0148999635130167]
[0.0035753685515373945]
[0.5268499851226807]
[0.22157882153987885]
[0.12418215721845627]
[1.2562015056610107]
[1.7173515558242798]
[0.35395440459251404]
[0.00399929890409112]
[0.5031822919845581]
[0.2389281988143921]
[0.0037799773272126913]
[0.01457800529897213]
[0.003267351072281599]
[1.3197276592254639]
[0.0076245833188295364]
[0.23732110857963562]
[0.0032614595256745815]
[5.163784980773926]
[0.019629590213298798]
[0.002679341472685337]
[1.66597318649292]
[2.368178606033325]
[0.003763747401535511]
[0.002621123567223549]
[0.002853858284652233]
[0.8606111407279968]
[3.302631139755249]
[5.012701034545898]
[0.11529732495546341]
[22.099576950073242]
[0.00374755566008389]
[0.0037389325443655252]
[0.0920805037021637]
[0.002875983016565442]
[0.0024882089346647263]
[0.5215254426002502]
[0.0025341815780848265]
[2.175416946411133]
[1.0932891368865967]
[0.0030936149414628744]
[0.22599637508392334]
[0.08308342099189758]
[0.3021698296070099]
[2739.101806640625]
[0.6620141863822937]
[0.0027554864063858986]
[0.8546850681304932]
[0.1556500941514969]
[0.003727165050804615]
[0.002983323996886611]
[0.0027058084961026907]
[0.2142402082681656]
[0.6962489485740662]
[0.6847310066223145]
[2.101527214050293]
[0.003042191034182906]
[0.19552434980869293]
[0.08286680281162262]
[2.4705052375793457]
[0.1340973973274231]
[0.6314569115638733]
[0.03701522946357727]
[2.5514867305755615]
[0.4245244562625885]
[0.0058574313297867775]
[0.8539513349533081]
[0.15575407445430756]
[4.532974720001221]
[0.0041362992487847805]
[0.004326993133872747]
[1.202080249786377]
[0.5028160214424133]
[0.0030368894804269075]
[0.42336228489875793]
[1.1984174251556396]
[0.10750517249107361]
[0.011491084471344948]
[0.04849889129400253]
[0.0047231982462108135]
[0.2144305557012558]
[0.14405229687690735]
[0.0032771709375083447]
[0.004167715087532997]
[0.0048835547640919685]
[0.013920855708420277]
[1.2443008422851562]
[0.0033525561448186636]
[0.25895583629608154]
[0.05795394256711006]
[0.7103335857391357]
[17.980743408203125]
[0.8686537742614746]
[0.28871968388557434]
[0.08324173092842102]
[4.357248306274414]
[0.23427972197532654]
[0.14876216650009155]
[0.08323484659194946]
[0.6837561130523682]
[0.0039035615045577288]
[0.003827473847195506]
[0.6803861856460571]
[2.093567132949829]
[0.13533003628253937]
[0.002997275209054351]
[0.003896306734532118]
[0.0041476464830338955]
[0.0033226937521249056]
[0.09682562947273254]
[0.5270287990570068]
[0.11937520653009415]
[2.30045223236084]
[0.08342114090919495]
[0.22615575790405273]
[0.0029925755225121975]
[0.17344413697719574]
[0.10779513418674469]
[0.0030027597676962614]
[0.0031164067331701517]
[0.07428313046693802]
[0.008040694519877434]
[0.19037362933158875]
[0.8323991298675537]
[0.003975515253841877]
[0.08355187624692917]
[0.08355430513620377]
[0.007927468046545982]
[0.2031141221523285]
[0.20700523257255554]
[0.0402083545923233]
[0.005204759072512388]
[0.5081928372383118]
[0.04581495746970177]
[0.0030266621615737677]
[0.06546652317047119]
[0.003513878211379051]
[0.37385571002960205]
[0.08342801779508591]
[0.5969549417495728]
[0.09007570147514343]
[0.1363581120967865]
[0.04227680712938309]
[0.15861395001411438]
[0.0036627736408263445]
[0.003556696465238929]
[0.03473057597875595]
[1.110276699066162]
[0.2807093858718872]
[0.5088655352592468]
[0.33426424860954285]
[0.07345989346504211]
[0.019142642617225647]
[0.12131306529045105]
[0.12341594696044922]
[0.17070552706718445]
[0.004262235481292009]
[0.08347298949956894]
[0.11367171257734299]
[0.00323581718839705]
[0.11571785807609558]
[0.004186097998172045]
[0.004228857811540365]
[0.04647139459848404]
[0.035179782658815384]
[0.6150732636451721]
[0.09187392145395279]
[0.043353404849767685]
[0.36393246054649353]
[0.482444167137146]
[0.8268511295318604]
[0.0049864305183291435]
[0.1282082200050354]
[0.0031231523025780916]
[1.0488600730895996]
[0.003945496864616871]
[0.003955444786697626]
[0.32085102796554565]
[0.35753196477890015]
[0.010156262665987015]
[0.10811247676610947]
[0.05495172366499901]
[2.6489744186401367]
[0.05796870216727257]
[0.0033729143906384706]
[0.10802635550498962]
[0.27990126609802246]
[0.003082578768953681]
[1.5172637701034546]
[0.24304620921611786]
[0.003593785222619772]
[0.18987806141376495]
[0.0051118191331624985]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.014133645221590996]
[0.003919620998203754]
[0.0036070540081709623]
[0.0041532255709171295]
[0.13136592507362366]
[0.008168607018887997]
[0.04353008791804314]
[0.006280696019530296]
[0.0035900804214179516]
[0.05472366511821747]
[0.35520344972610474]
[18.004243850708008]
[0.25785672664642334]
[0.04460709169507027]
[0.6383877992630005]
[0.014335568062961102]
[0.37649863958358765]
[2.228710412979126]
[0.005368036683648825]
[0.004098537843674421]
[4.323947429656982]
[0.03682343661785126]
[0.04566285014152527]
[4.91484260559082]
[0.4659440517425537]
[3.5682373046875]
[11.455727577209473]
[0.0031189227011054754]
[1.6244194507598877]
[21.360002517700195]
[1.1322951316833496]
[0.6123335361480713]
[0.002631374401971698]
[14.94564437866211]
[0.7573729753494263]
[5.462583541870117]
[0.10761453956365585]
[0.10763721168041229]
[0.15090785920619965]
[0.0028603740502148867]
[1.1951428651809692]
[0.01629779487848282]
[0.10764183849096298]
[0.003877185983583331]
[0.04657168313860893]
[0.0825316458940506]
[0.4813232421875]
[0.10765423625707626]
[0.00271611544303596]
[1.0156950950622559]
[0.0032281968742609024]
[0.10765527933835983]
[0.10765055567026138]
[1.2456519603729248]
[0.1722807139158249]
[0.0025799768045544624]
[0.0026627457700669765]
[0.020599959418177605]
[0.10762235522270203]
[0.1555461287498474]
[0.0024361314717680216]
[0.004089994356036186]
[0.3609369695186615]
[0.5180320143699646]
[0.8604081869125366]
[0.08267787098884583]
[2.1026253700256348]
[0.08266012370586395]
[0.32644885778427124]
[1.9471619129180908]
[0.00245638657361269]
[0.6420997381210327]
[0.1077079102396965]
[0.004878896288573742]
[0.0024866159074008465]
[0.08557170629501343]
[0.002510589314624667]
[0.0028621063102036715]
[0.8476595878601074]
[0.002766744466498494]
[0.5849874019622803]
[0.10780021548271179]
[0.0038953430484980345]
[0.41732463240623474]
[0.012603324837982655]
[0.12142603099346161]
[0.11636033654212952]
[0.009708528406918049]
[0.9564358592033386]
[1.039416790008545]
[0.15311624109745026]
[0.09732716530561447]
[0.5894052982330322]
[0.4903712570667267]
[0.22438885271549225]
[0.08289562910795212]
[0.0037326377350836992]
[0.08725467324256897]
[0.13311582803726196]
[7.336578845977783]
[0.1776866316795349]
[0.004914477001875639]
[0.011090407148003578]
[0.0647260844707489]
[0.344747930765152]
[0.0030405884608626366]
[0.8564698696136475]
[4.770432949066162]
[0.012364975176751614]
[0.08038978278636932]
[0.0027113696560263634]
[0.0025878041051328182]
[0.24276374280452728]
[0.10775456577539444]
[0.0028195229824632406]
[0.11267228424549103]
[0.0027213471475988626]
[0.012678749859333038]
[0.02351938560605049]
[0.0031681552063673735]
[1.1946022510528564]
[0.09137886017560959]
[0.06061999872326851]
[0.0037868372164666653]
[0.1077624261379242]
[0.1761954426765442]
[0.0034073025453835726]
[0.4985823929309845]
[0.003994550555944443]
[0.178917795419693]
[0.8775827884674072]
[4.255840301513672]
[0.015613186173141003]
[0.0035493436735123396]
[0.002685459330677986]
[0.046674661338329315]
[0.003193248761817813]
[0.0038455405738204718]
[0.1293371617794037]
[0.00412348099052906]
[0.1674366444349289]
[0.33881908655166626]
[0.08346053212881088]
[0.003811238333582878]
[0.09928424656391144]
[1.6893889904022217]
[0.002724843332543969]
[0.4895436763763428]
[0.1492304652929306]
[0.0031245758291333914]
[0.002882190980017185]
[0.003540908684954047]
[0.00384598970413208]
[0.0035683021415024996]
[0.003853053553029895]
[0.9828388690948486]
[0.1346098929643631]
[0.10802064836025238]
[0.0576198473572731]
[0.0028098057955503464]
[0.11262940615415573]
[6.458179473876953]
[0.2470533400774002]
[0.7893702983856201]
[0.8450301885604858]
[0.040930937975645065]
[0.10818831622600555]
[0.03710285946726799]
[0.007411532569676638]
[0.08349119871854782]
[0.0032387340907007456]
[0.08079883456230164]
[0.07281450927257538]
[0.002721896395087242]
[0.6649030447006226]
[0.002816156717017293]
[0.002722330391407013]
[0.10825935006141663]
[0.05425428971648216]
[1.1933101415634155]
[4.406011581420898]
[0.060938116163015366]
[0.06497087329626083]
[0.27998775243759155]
[0.019417982548475266]
[0.0036211388651281595]
[0.004941096063703299]
[0.10836569964885712]
[0.2258467674255371]
[0.08354970812797546]
[0.10837674885988235]
[0.42971527576446533]
[0.003974044229835272]
[1.3162363767623901]
[0.28407022356987]
[0.00367671437561512]
[0.27106407284736633]
[0.0039652809500694275]
[0.005291538778692484]
[0.5342656373977661]
[0.14123594760894775]
[0.0027650713454931974]
[0.478744775056839]
[0.005139382090419531]
[0.03978526592254639]
[0.09799592196941376]
[0.0032163290306925774]
[0.0031929081305861473]
[0.09600763022899628]
[0.004297210369259119]
[0.09964462369680405]
[0.9412223100662231]
[0.002969593508169055]
[0.004153931513428688]
[0.0837365910410881]
[0.003051216946914792]
[0.0027812919579446316]
[0.2525021433830261]
[0.06771151721477509]
[0.025747675448656082]
[0.0047350721433758736]
[1.1600875854492188]
[0.10862182825803757]
[0.11255111545324326]
[1.067254662513733]
[0.0031899260357022285]
[0.14895670115947723]
[0.002867864677682519]
[0.5635377764701843]
[0.10866083949804306]
[0.0040509686805307865]
[0.2502642571926117]
[0.1422082483768463]
[0.0030734457541257143]
[0.09051527082920074]
[0.003012727713212371]
[0.0027872049249708652]
[0.0028046411462128162]
[0.021442202851176262]
[0.002796767046675086]
[0.14944618940353394]
[0.21683672070503235]
[0.16855864226818085]
[0.003974197432398796]
[0.13421541452407837]
[0.5821528434753418]
[0.004237411543726921]
[0.0030671218410134315]
[0.1337810456752777]
[0.3586910665035248]
[0.01910894364118576]
[3.891336441040039]
[0.32221031188964844]
[0.12751254439353943]
[0.5952455997467041]
[1.8639851808547974]
[0.06209259107708931]
[0.0028148216661065817]
[0.002922400599345565]
[31.213640213012695]
[0.0034067691303789616]
[0.010529670864343643]
[0.3134411871433258]
[0.005604086443781853]
[0.0029402533546090126]
[0.5200899243354797]
[0.42913544178009033]
[3.9963202476501465]
[0.011752063408493996]
[2.451829433441162]
[0.004279875662177801]
[2.446190595626831]
[0.7942777872085571]
[0.005746296141296625]
[0.7116761803627014]
[0.004083502572029829]
[0.08474601805210114]
[0.033250100910663605]
[0.0031273469794541597]
[0.003459019586443901]
[0.4590853452682495]
[0.004385651554912329]
[0.012815357185900211]
[0.08483912795782089]
[0.3258500397205353]
[0.004785572644323111]
[0.20432937145233154]
[0.10985881835222244]
[0.05471383035182953]
[1.8701280355453491]
[0.0032604988664388657]
[0.006124549545347691]
[0.004148451611399651]
[0.023147454485297203]
[0.0038493156898766756]
[0.18646572530269623]
[0.16867318749427795]
[0.01898975670337677]
[0.0634288638830185]
[0.005000169388949871]
[0.018150296062231064]
[0.6750301122665405]
[0.7164269089698792]
[0.10992837697267532]
[0.4742581844329834]
[0.03882928192615509]
[0.2533927857875824]
[0.08489152044057846]
[0.003760716412216425]
[0.31364619731903076]
[0.3594799339771271]
[0.027922218665480614]
[0.0032316602300852537]
[0.9636167883872986]
[0.32659274339675903]
[0.0042609162628650665]
[0.11004424840211868]
[0.11004617810249329]
[0.005603718105703592]
[0.003689353819936514]
[0.11819744855165482]
[0.00392606807872653]
[0.00470347423106432]
[0.02685617469251156]
[0.4124661982059479]
[5.053347110748291]
[0.48179391026496887]
[0.055806659162044525]
[1.2091679573059082]
[0.7495460510253906]
[0.26634299755096436]
[0.003370925085619092]
[0.0034953237045556307]
[0.009558497928082943]
[0.004577145911753178]
[0.043374691158533096]
[0.004260266199707985]
[0.05938249081373215]
[1.4469177722930908]
[0.008268691599369049]
[0.003703006310388446]
[0.6917222738265991]
[1.0312246084213257]
[0.10376736521720886]
[0.005023196805268526]
[0.004148500505834818]
[0.16684339940547943]
[0.02656896412372589]
[0.006020367611199617]
[0.0032783669885247946]
[0.09628783166408539]
[0.24317523837089539]
[0.10967278480529785]
[0.0032159890979528427]
[0.057599473744630814]
[0.0239008329808712]
[0.09563308954238892]
[0.0637156292796135]
[0.00420393655076623]
[0.00759368110448122]
[0.004805821925401688]
[0.04232460632920265]
[0.004806208424270153]
[0.717307448387146]
[0.42671871185302734]
[0.07502976059913635]
[0.022969210520386696]
[0.9433735013008118]
[0.0138762928545475]
[0.009475359693169594]
[0.08492177724838257]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0038432374130934477]
[0.10980207473039627]
[0.08489648997783661]
[0.005468013230711222]
[1.5869300365447998]
[0.49378806352615356]
[0.41465646028518677]
[0.2751349210739136]
[0.009094398468732834]
[0.006057725753635168]
[0.15362107753753662]
[0.009940015152096748]
[0.32837796211242676]
[1.4723052978515625]
[0.008989956229925156]
[0.0812695100903511]
[0.012581918388605118]
[0.06471781432628632]
[0.11226081103086472]
[0.08487694710493088]
[0.18252208828926086]
[0.012836014851927757]
[0.003519530640915036]
[0.05091359093785286]
[0.08489103615283966]
[0.10993784666061401]
[0.0031951037235558033]
[0.003936620429158211]
[0.012368814088404179]
[0.3160090744495392]
[0.2692427635192871]
[0.004670430906116962]
[0.03565218299627304]
[1.026292085647583]
[0.6634314656257629]
[0.004354949574917555]
[0.004348977003246546]
[0.0848630890250206]
[0.004673972260206938]
[0.012437939643859863]
[0.8941400051116943]
[0.0043413350358605385]
[0.9414936304092407]
[0.11008798331022263]
[0.00404325919225812]
[0.004293139558285475]
[0.003300619777292013]
[0.007035461720079184]
[0.0047550625167787075]
[1.0343066453933716]
[0.003993218764662743]
[0.00354048702865839]
[0.003478407859802246]
[0.0033557554706931114]
[0.1502228081226349]
[0.022701304405927658]
[0.004781622439622879]
[0.8203892707824707]
[0.12888973951339722]
[0.4730346202850342]
[0.012932348996400833]
[0.017746025696396828]
[0.7748891711235046]
[0.0036395348142832518]
[0.0046570394188165665]
[0.24441860616207123]
[0.003844423685222864]
[0.1103762611746788]
[0.01920219697058201]
[0.1517682522535324]
[0.006083919201046228]
[0.003375113243237138]
[0.9803600311279297]
[0.22459112107753754]
[0.013026800006628036]
[0.022239282727241516]
[0.004736270755529404]
[0.0035929817240685225]
[3.0184404850006104]
[93.91938781738281]
[0.009731240570545197]
[0.004752621054649353]
[0.6141341924667358]
[0.004745309241116047]
[0.016797034069895744]
[0.003287899773567915]
[0.026732582598924637]
[0.004742518533021212]
[0.008960984647274017]
[0.007936246693134308]
[0.03908982127904892]
[0.006952274590730667]
[0.004036367870867252]
[0.005713379010558128]
[0.08514779806137085]
[0.04690585285425186]
[0.01227324828505516]
[0.012035928666591644]
[0.5222823619842529]
[0.004023350775241852]
[0.013299304991960526]
[0.006178786978125572]
[0.004751085769385099]
[0.05495794117450714]
[0.02287958934903145]
[0.004775281064212322]
[0.016920629888772964]
[0.11980852484703064]
[0.1110360249876976]
[0.12753139436244965]
[1.252411961555481]
[0.11104486137628555]
[0.005076199769973755]
[0.005551028065383434]
[0.037215933203697205]
[0.09601327031850815]
[0.003273236798122525]
[7.384150505065918]
[0.1260077804327011]
[0.3794604539871216]
[0.0041144792921841145]
[0.03215735778212547]
[2.5385425090789795]
[0.2220061868429184]
[0.0036368288565427065]
[0.005201250780373812]
[0.038746464997529984]
[0.015841327607631683]
[0.003633060958236456]
[0.004912955686450005]
[0.08559092879295349]
[0.09117867797613144]
[0.11114215105772018]
[0.007199584040790796]
[7.965820789337158]
[0.07787073403596878]
[0.6327505707740784]
[0.172347754240036]
[0.005693918094038963]
[0.11097194999456406]
[0.11094479262828827]
[0.09147845953702927]
[0.004833624232560396]
[0.011996639892458916]
[0.008052017539739609]
[0.003285044804215431]
[0.07143214344978333]
[0.003272555535659194]
[0.09610134363174438]
[0.992357075214386]
[0.42179831862449646]
[0.04092312976717949]
[0.28566625714302063]
[0.08371179550886154]
[2.0022201538085938]
[0.005141792818903923]
[0.003617143025621772]
[0.0036157784052193165]
[0.05614987388253212]
[0.10319872200489044]
[0.11097559332847595]
[0.012595826759934425]
[1.6280368566513062]
[0.1331004649400711]
[0.12237556278705597]
[0.9778817892074585]
[0.11113033443689346]
[0.024008668959140778]
[0.0055856406688690186]
[1.5099785327911377]
[0.005420978181064129]
[0.22749276459217072]
[0.005156025756150484]
[0.0070713357999920845]
[0.0038662890437990427]
[8.932210922241211]
[0.043497055768966675]
[0.13613539934158325]
[0.1840467005968094]
[0.0052871257066726685]
[0.6453296542167664]
[0.051626287400722504]
[2.514137029647827]
[0.017835453152656555]
[0.02162577584385872]
[0.004100222140550613]
[0.005532219540327787]
[0.17883390188217163]
[0.012235156260430813]
[0.7021873593330383]
[0.0040782359428703785]
[0.11102662235498428]
[0.0056670415215194225]
[0.004233440849930048]
[0.08299665153026581]
[0.007326054386794567]
[0.00572280865162611]
[0.03155859559774399]
[0.471973717212677]
[0.031250666826963425]
[0.8459137082099915]
[0.027371451258659363]
[0.02071327716112137]
[0.013923904858529568]
[0.11299565434455872]
[0.016003359109163284]
[0.6305395364761353]
[0.004233954939991236]
[0.46054092049598694]
[0.005845572799444199]
[0.0353759303689003]
[0.015550408512353897]
[0.9373545050621033]
[8.293937683105469]
[0.5637764930725098]
[0.005794884171336889]
[0.03707289323210716]
[0.686546266078949]
[0.004834533203393221]
[0.06696674227714539]
[0.49292615056037903]
[0.3860431909561157]
[1.0792744159698486]
[0.1412190943956375]
[0.006233817432075739]
[0.0059041427448391914]
[0.27267810702323914]
[0.0042141093872487545]
[0.004501531831920147]
[0.8415094017982483]
[2.673921823501587]
[0.097951240837574]
[0.7261009812355042]
[1.4892866611480713]
[0.2604020833969116]
[0.11194675415754318]
[1.5570571422576904]
[0.013959378935396671]
[0.004848937503993511]
[0.08703730255365372]
[0.0079464977607131]
[0.04947207495570183]
[0.11259426921606064]
[0.009136006236076355]
[0.03936482593417168]
[0.056719280779361725]
[0.00343165616504848]
[0.00914571899920702]
[0.010830262675881386]
[0.007595525588840246]
[0.005452377256006002]
[0.003857864998281002]
[0.00978664867579937]
[0.11542295664548874]
[0.20260459184646606]
[0.08665207773447037]
[0.10127899795770645]
[0.0046347929164767265]
[0.06383375078439713]
[0.014543686993420124]
[0.005760646425187588]
[0.4776495695114136]
[0.01367226243019104]
[0.06167072430253029]
[0.6729097962379456]
[0.01849701814353466]
[0.08660691976547241]
[0.3738175630569458]
[0.004529026336967945]
[1.0430760383605957]
[0.008326348848640919]
[0.004200747236609459]
[0.05449911206960678]
[0.13055598735809326]
[0.11166582256555557]
[0.15719279646873474]
[0.03474508970975876]
[4.603801727294922]
[0.6090943813323975]
[0.05612161010503769]
[0.020081741735339165]
[0.29747241735458374]
[0.05258311331272125]
[0.30162009596824646]
[0.5215142369270325]
[0.03778599947690964]
[0.5505349636077881]
[0.16306713223457336]
[0.09163971245288849]
[0.11299367994070053]
[0.01495304238051176]
[0.1059793159365654]
[0.25929105281829834]
[0.04698106274008751]
[0.24337750673294067]
[0.0058983247727155685]
[0.010412769392132759]
[0.020194320008158684]
[0.11185915023088455]
[0.5570916533470154]
[0.003922539763152599]
[0.003905641147866845]
[0.00390146067366004]
[0.0447818897664547]
[0.5121093392372131]
[0.6745169162750244]
[0.004004367161542177]
[0.07732855528593063]
[0.2834770083427429]
[0.006962367799133062]
[0.2675977051258087]
[0.7372156381607056]
[0.020065240561962128]
[0.07754257321357727]
[0.024852639064192772]
[0.003979773260653019]
[0.023075463250279427]
[0.14124982059001923]
[2.8254587650299072]
[0.0053067319095134735]
[0.0038725906051695347]
[0.005143559072166681]
[0.00554629135876894]
[0.08655869215726852]
[0.004969891160726547]
[0.04372227191925049]
[0.19140776991844177]
[0.008636745624244213]
[0.006091228686273098]
[0.17391489446163177]
[0.0041120355017483234]
[0.004005917347967625]
[0.0038382706698030233]
[0.008272438310086727]
[0.029135296121239662]
[2.3363077640533447]
[0.01456364430487156]
[0.014119991101324558]
[0.015810668468475342]
[0.006538341753184795]
[0.23591764271259308]
[0.0192827507853508]
[0.8003540635108948]
[0.3940379321575165]
[0.09578977525234222]
[0.0037624870892614126]
[1.2130074501037598]
[0.005380532238632441]
[0.7728455066680908]
[0.11203572899103165]
[0.0037523102946579456]
[0.05838235467672348]
[0.00408601202070713]
[0.11329824477434158]
[0.004048423375934362]
[0.004984687082469463]
[0.005656249355524778]
[0.019703252241015434]
[0.004972412716597319]
[0.5165315866470337]
[0.014153211377561092]
[0.7321407794952393]
[0.023588374257087708]
[0.004474231507629156]
[0.0038823706563562155]
[0.3889685869216919]
[0.005670318379998207]
[0.003819206962361932]
[0.005912526044994593]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.14069637656211853]
[0.05600443482398987]
[0.0036556185223162174]
[1.0548580884933472]
[0.14792928099632263]
[0.11338428407907486]
[0.016385063529014587]
[0.28737813234329224]
[0.015027504414319992]
[0.39642706513404846]
[0.03320236876606941]
[0.015523452311754227]
[0.11349023878574371]
[0.03775818273425102]
[0.059174276888370514]
[0.002966161584481597]
[0.0038681181613355875]
[0.003711115336045623]
[0.15685218572616577]
[0.792103111743927]
[0.11531422287225723]
[0.04944922402501106]
[0.0037705320864915848]
[0.41265857219696045]
[0.0036676267627626657]
[0.1550881713628769]
[0.08633815497159958]
[0.1561240255832672]
[0.014835703186690807]
[0.2754370868206024]
[0.2124834507703781]
[0.010265810415148735]
[0.18450771272182465]
[0.03779672458767891]
[0.004904089495539665]
[0.019574875012040138]
[0.14326894283294678]
[0.005286232102662325]
[0.005588116589933634]
[0.08752855658531189]
[0.16716338694095612]
[0.01662563532590866]
[0.08627575635910034]
[0.013282021507620811]
[0.042200956493616104]
[0.06362611055374146]
[0.003795305499807]
[0.0037036577705293894]
[0.003975451923906803]
[0.531312882900238]
[0.41899386048316956]
[0.2385856658220291]
[0.1541832834482193]
[0.9354141354560852]
[0.005322054028511047]
[0.005526604130864143]
[0.004143327008932829]
[0.3079945147037506]
[0.04416833445429802]
[0.00867931917309761]
[0.004327952396124601]
[0.20525681972503662]
[0.0037420964799821377]
[0.008328896015882492]
[0.7100696563720703]
[0.00330230500549078]
[0.09288490563631058]
[0.004177676513791084]
[0.4949078857898712]
[0.18830722570419312]
[0.6227045655250549]
[1.217111349105835]
[0.004479687660932541]
[0.0037299126852303743]
[0.03241858631372452]
[0.0070413569919764996]
[0.03599891811609268]
[0.003730911063030362]
[0.02204284444451332]
[0.014776612631976604]
[0.015510031022131443]
[0.015315827913582325]
[0.014651387929916382]
[0.03957591950893402]
[0.47663718461990356]
[0.03909747302532196]
[0.0027094283141195774]
[0.11966545134782791]
[0.1209084764122963]
[0.773745059967041]
[0.003695535706356168]
[0.06924337148666382]
[0.7128540873527527]
[0.1799880564212799]
[0.003737708320841193]
[0.004900351632386446]
[0.05710515007376671]
[0.0052877990528941154]
[0.003700656583532691]
[0.48372912406921387]
[0.04152224585413933]
[0.3156685531139374]
[0.02454379014670849]
[0.019932813942432404]
[0.035689935088157654]
[0.04500873386859894]
[0.0037771498318761587]
[0.016095049679279327]
[0.2731209993362427]
[0.04098694026470184]
[0.08628910034894943]
[0.06664974242448807]
[0.01326516643166542]
[0.005546188913285732]
[0.01006581261754036]
[0.08623646944761276]
[0.004693563561886549]
[0.3550869822502136]
[0.1209932491183281]
[0.11448322981595993]
[0.10311658680438995]
[0.1144854798913002]
[0.007559631485491991]
[0.00484712328761816]
[0.07235444337129593]
[0.005200100596994162]
[0.004376922734081745]
[0.20711076259613037]
[0.0035748642403632402]
[0.11441560089588165]
[0.04149927571415901]
[0.5090696811676025]
[0.010048482567071915]
[0.08598927408456802]
[0.05416768044233322]
[0.013438647612929344]
[0.5248358845710754]
[1.0946236848831177]
[0.08590392023324966]
[0.07018109411001205]
[0.01599736511707306]
[0.07341012358665466]
[0.0035664185415953398]
[2.668407678604126]
[0.11440026015043259]
[0.0050985789857804775]
[0.13544996082782745]
[0.28871971368789673]
[0.005441168323159218]
[0.014481812715530396]
[0.014467903412878513]
[0.0034797259140759706]
[0.004248291254043579]
[0.02383451908826828]
[0.0035359812900424004]
[5.314259052276611]
[0.1350466012954712]
[0.005394256208091974]
[0.007378153037279844]
[0.0064980522729456425]
[0.11421981453895569]
[0.1142156720161438]
[0.004257948603481054]
[0.3738943934440613]
[0.003415187820792198]
[0.4690803587436676]
[0.004220936447381973]
[0.00344278197735548]
[0.710795521736145]
[0.005009391810745001]
[0.0044637336395680904]
[0.11420700699090958]
[0.0042085531167685986]
[0.43031376600265503]
[0.11420155316591263]
[0.01582816056907177]
[0.015290120616555214]
[0.05554189532995224]
[0.009466052055358887]
[0.3804236352443695]
[4.490505218505859]
[0.11420543491840363]
[0.7134657502174377]
[0.03635246306657791]
[0.47845590114593506]
[0.006626951042562723]
[0.11431102454662323]
[6.3023223876953125]
[0.004117748700082302]
[0.2802477180957794]
[0.019134391099214554]
[0.016459403559565544]
[2.3820266723632812]
[0.04999341070652008]
[0.0808647945523262]
[0.24766817688941956]
[0.014792761765420437]
[0.058192938566207886]
[0.02115122601389885]
[0.11427364498376846]
[0.03130349516868591]
[0.0054308264516294]
[0.11414588987827301]
[0.8261076211929321]
[0.003490565810352564]
[2.046738624572754]
[0.36245572566986084]
[0.028821036219596863]
[0.5068439841270447]
[0.05475318431854248]
[0.023658376187086105]
[0.00347769889049232]
[0.3743796944618225]
[0.03423086553812027]
[0.005393928848206997]
[0.07269369810819626]
[2.391901969909668]
[0.5556126236915588]
[0.2249218225479126]
[0.26734668016433716]
[0.39769935607910156]
[0.08594267815351486]
[0.2516797184944153]
[0.6669397950172424]
[5.939749717712402]
[0.13654948770999908]
[0.5879690647125244]
[0.07884868234395981]
[0.004663441330194473]
[0.023334113880991936]
[0.37253281474113464]
[0.0035339845344424248]
[0.10068804770708084]
[0.0034638941287994385]
[0.009847354143857956]
[0.01867123693227768]
[0.1006854996085167]
[0.04055006429553032]
[0.7967475652694702]
[0.005477018188685179]
[0.03584648296236992]
[0.02201988734304905]
[0.14181840419769287]
[0.0047400216571986675]
[0.27277126908302307]
[0.11461175978183746]
[0.006403698120266199]
[0.01296771876513958]
[0.07431834191083908]
[0.22758932411670685]
[0.6978111863136292]
[0.05772246792912483]
[0.11512294411659241]
[0.011057809926569462]
[0.41677674651145935]
[0.033396027982234955]
[0.013455488719046116]
[0.02026500180363655]
[2.5903942584991455]
[0.3318575918674469]
[0.018443884328007698]
[0.004243120551109314]
[0.46606194972991943]
[0.005515603814274073]
[0.5345293283462524]
[0.00384033122099936]
[0.009762129746377468]
[0.005346211139112711]
[0.01070308219641447]
[0.017114339396357536]
[1.4840167760849]
[0.051828764379024506]
[0.08659232407808304]
[0.24872370064258575]
[21.093042373657227]
[0.011434092186391354]
[0.24736838042736053]
[0.005878046620637178]
[0.16488470137119293]
[0.06049680709838867]
[0.003923752810806036]
[0.0058042313903570175]
[1.9729114770889282]
[0.0041069211438298225]
[0.010627057403326035]
[0.009621542878448963]
[0.11541149020195007]
[0.11345423758029938]
[0.008766934275627136]
[0.00431442866101861]
[3.4508538246154785]
[0.007004816085100174]
[0.052080005407333374]
[0.007943515665829182]
[0.1825622171163559]
[0.023482149466872215]
[0.4015304446220398]
[0.7846859097480774]
[0.004330535419285297]
[0.5285456776618958]
[0.05532729998230934]
[0.01753469556570053]
[0.19282424449920654]
[0.1507757306098938]
[0.004170128144323826]
[0.01921955868601799]
[0.027202751487493515]
[0.11543069034814835]
[0.003989061340689659]
[0.016140379011631012]
[0.4236380457878113]
[0.004468182101845741]
[0.27634987235069275]
[0.21596406400203705]
[0.005945690907537937]
[0.20877370238304138]
[0.08730907738208771]
[0.09849661588668823]
[0.0044631934724748135]
[0.027199311181902885]
[0.6713570952415466]
[0.49761566519737244]
[0.032088831067085266]
[1.1433881521224976]
[0.14015288650989532]
[0.011169547215104103]
[0.2947773039340973]
[0.36697518825531006]
[0.16296043992042542]
[0.02663412317633629]
[0.013356989249587059]
[0.02999241277575493]
[0.11586666852235794]
[0.11587595194578171]
[0.031139643862843513]
[0.016776833683252335]
[0.09806843847036362]
[0.18681272864341736]
[0.017801398411393166]
[0.004433699883520603]
[3.0592355728149414]
[0.016286658123135567]
[0.09295885264873505]
[0.05204150080680847]
[0.07655378431081772]
[0.0045192185789346695]
[1.7752152681350708]
[0.004640597850084305]
[0.004493687767535448]
[0.06646416336297989]
[0.06826851516962051]
[0.11576971411705017]
[0.22443664073944092]
[0.06750104576349258]
[0.004633323755115271]
[0.04507817327976227]
[0.5993475914001465]
[0.11567182838916779]
[0.19302549958229065]
[0.11563332378864288]
[0.005464721471071243]
[0.11558058112859726]
[0.5979166626930237]
[0.005140950903296471]
[0.04706336185336113]
[0.26752224564552307]
[0.03661293163895607]
[0.019901705905795097]
[0.004485580138862133]
[0.31282860040664673]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0755530372262001]
[0.0043410626240074635]
[0.019719485193490982]
[0.00531745795160532]
[0.006136042065918446]
[0.03821251168847084]
[0.00578674441203475]
[0.08123982697725296]
[0.004741700831800699]
[0.005317645147442818]
[0.007260255981236696]
[1.240654468536377]
[0.004933190997689962]
[0.004342221654951572]
[0.11617866158485413]
[0.1914827525615692]
[0.07134687155485153]
[0.11514095216989517]
[0.0131527753546834]
[1.2255648374557495]
[0.005767740774899721]
[0.17287075519561768]
[0.020105114206671715]
[0.11113984882831573]
[0.11512614041566849]
[0.08798882365226746]
[0.24961991608142853]
[0.006089516915380955]
[0.00531830033287406]
[0.08791269361972809]
[0.0051065469160676]
[0.005919389892369509]
[0.005263221450150013]
[0.013254786841571331]
[0.08769812434911728]
[0.08766137063503265]
[0.34956124424934387]
[0.0313713438808918]
[0.005650461185723543]
[0.035704921931028366]
[3.5687146186828613]
[0.006005654111504555]
[0.41097748279571533]
[0.016343679279088974]
[0.004217812791466713]
[0.00944430474191904]
[0.3183286488056183]
[0.00566861592233181]
[0.03157465532422066]
[0.004096500109881163]
[0.016288941726088524]
[0.11497534066438675]
[0.11497917771339417]
[0.29960107803344727]
[0.08663236349821091]
[0.041292548179626465]
[0.005090735387057066]
[0.010110455565154552]
[0.005623478442430496]
[0.14531321823596954]
[0.07357775419950485]
[0.00396770890802145]
[0.015549690462648869]
[0.10103247314691544]
[2.3712165355682373]
[0.005100945942103863]
[0.004244904965162277]
[0.004722947254776955]
[0.11485031247138977]
[0.013777397572994232]
[0.06959344446659088]
[0.0067851608619093895]
[0.3853289783000946]
[0.0509362667798996]
[0.11043739318847656]
[0.2008679062128067]
[0.005484061315655708]
[0.0039041151758283377]
[0.29173675179481506]
[0.004934520926326513]
[0.18025365471839905]
[0.00532298581674695]
[0.011454579420387745]
[0.14578741788864136]
[0.163863405585289]
[0.0049468777142465115]
[0.0038240617141127586]
[0.11472564935684204]
[0.004293826408684254]
[0.0038849604316055775]
[0.15535974502563477]
[0.08640334755182266]
[0.013608169741928577]
[0.01877021975815296]
[0.11467127501964569]
[0.017447981983423233]
[0.07147853076457977]
[0.08222600072622299]
[0.11462166160345078]
[0.11460264027118683]
[0.005654015112668276]
[0.00534999743103981]
[0.09090623259544373]
[0.0156612116843462]
[0.004823788534849882]
[0.004572721663862467]
[0.004569799639284611]
[0.5574713349342346]
[1.1255971193313599]
[0.005687851924449205]
[0.016797613352537155]
[0.08716194331645966]
[0.15557491779327393]
[0.0871577188372612]
[0.018580567091703415]
[0.0041066985577344894]
[0.011951427906751633]
[0.0039692651480436325]
[0.15053266286849976]
[0.0037644144613295794]
[0.06613733619451523]
[0.003934107720851898]
[0.025580646470189095]
[0.005713058635592461]
[0.5665627121925354]
[0.47517192363739014]
[4.831508159637451]
[0.0101270517334342]
[0.01639746129512787]
[0.09543588757514954]
[0.10330703854560852]
[0.08707135915756226]
[1.1466466188430786]
[0.05755458027124405]
[0.005652837920933962]
[0.005663735326379538]
[0.040723323822021484]
[0.0037638626527041197]
[0.008833515457808971]
[0.005344390403479338]
[0.003685432020574808]
[0.005884556565433741]
[0.785499095916748]
[0.005597621668130159]
[0.03586794063448906]
[0.07300738245248795]
[0.4319356083869934]
[0.05247020348906517]
[0.7780205607414246]
[0.5207390785217285]
[0.03965305909514427]
[0.00510183023288846]
[1.1489781141281128]
[0.016851946711540222]
[0.003501875326037407]
[0.03319076821208]
[0.00800518598407507]
[0.05151289328932762]
[0.005032900720834732]
[0.08644324541091919]
[1.3480302095413208]
[0.007662407122552395]
[0.08634558320045471]
[0.003428446128964424]
[0.46226128935813904]
[0.43059101700782776]
[1.6756993532180786]
[0.23526020348072052]
[0.0035919123329222202]
[0.13267120718955994]
[0.022396447136998177]
[0.02425234019756317]
[0.34167298674583435]
[0.20443348586559296]
[0.28118374943733215]
[0.20113281905651093]
[0.6865901947021484]
[0.006509049329906702]
[0.03357575461268425]
[0.08587898313999176]
[0.07752270996570587]
[0.02838665433228016]
[0.15654899179935455]
[0.0034302780404686928]
[0.11415056139230728]
[0.029740316793322563]
[0.0033771097660064697]
[0.005014359951019287]
[0.004609765484929085]
[0.3679634928703308]
[0.02297273464500904]
[0.05525900796055794]
[0.0035042318049818277]
[0.0641031488776207]
[0.26067736744880676]
[0.005023190751671791]
[0.01706751622259617]
[0.004647820722311735]
[0.8112372756004333]
[0.0038211962673813105]
[0.031549789011478424]
[0.01226359885185957]
[0.03755868598818779]
[0.0035373952705413103]
[0.1332574039697647]
[0.003478052094578743]
[0.009165594354271889]
[0.0894143134355545]
[0.16316303610801697]
[0.003653555177152157]
[0.033045314252376556]
[0.10916446894407272]
[0.0035262417513877153]
[0.018762780353426933]
[0.11454132944345474]
[0.014555910602211952]
[0.041855499148368835]
[0.0037822651211172342]
[0.08618183434009552]
[0.04540858790278435]
[0.08615647256374359]
[0.0035359845496714115]
[0.11450769752264023]
[0.03140483796596527]
[0.264803022146225]
[0.1144670695066452]
[0.16230590641498566]
[0.11443029344081879]
[0.02327040582895279]
[0.011466573923826218]
[0.005544477142393589]
[0.08596020936965942]
[0.004123300313949585]
[0.025402775034308434]
[0.007634290494024754]
[2.9730777740478516]
[0.003573809517547488]
[0.004025856964290142]
[0.040592990815639496]
[0.11280549317598343]
[0.1602843850851059]
[0.007534387055784464]
[0.01538498979061842]
[0.04253377392888069]
[2.907527208328247]
[0.0036238813772797585]
[0.014833945780992508]
[7.469614028930664]
[0.0039402940310537815]
[0.030395720154047012]
[0.11435822397470474]
[0.00402494752779603]
[0.014221093617379665]
[0.08609861135482788]
[0.006808762438595295]
[0.0046043675392866135]
[0.0036037794779986143]
[0.0036466417368501425]
[0.08608393371105194]
[0.019001370295882225]
[0.0037106527015566826]
[0.005830826237797737]
[0.3359157145023346]
[0.0038700965233147144]
[0.042257413268089294]
[0.39388778805732727]
[0.16618205606937408]
[0.08677541464567184]
[4.430638790130615]
[0.003905715886503458]
[0.0043922471813857555]
[1.2424343824386597]
[3.3893728256225586]
[0.005362755618989468]
[0.0036227989476174116]
[0.25895956158638]
[0.3983837068080902]
[0.5378906726837158]
[0.005435546860098839]
[0.2325313687324524]
[0.11426036804914474]
[0.004297173582017422]
[0.004467786755412817]
[0.31202077865600586]
[0.004469010978937149]
[0.6121349930763245]
[0.4944496154785156]
[0.004699381534010172]
[0.003497358178719878]
[0.0860060602426529]
[0.003853400005027652]
[0.27078738808631897]
[0.11425447463989258]
[0.025234630331397057]
[0.015511857345700264]
[0.24021679162979126]
[0.5246419310569763]
[0.5063904523849487]
[0.24086791276931763]
[0.23794643580913544]
[1.3867400884628296]
[0.00975860096514225]
[0.133337140083313]
[0.07979077100753784]
[0.028316309675574303]
[0.005689728073775768]
[0.0031562396325170994]
[0.06032063066959381]
[0.004488020204007626]
[0.015570532530546188]
[0.004999061580747366]
[0.004986853338778019]
[0.07793764024972916]
[1.3881821632385254]
[0.12521977722644806]
[0.0038391482084989548]
[0.031810108572244644]
[0.4582829177379608]
[0.11495128273963928]
[0.11497499793767929]
[0.005154543090611696]
[0.013354689814150333]
[0.004674209747463465]
[0.992216944694519]
[0.0058524287305772305]
[0.11503106355667114]
[0.018366334959864616]
[0.030963344499468803]
[0.018237652257084846]
[0.006909762509167194]
[0.014998359605669975]
[0.005652697291225195]
[0.005801002494990826]
[0.0161219984292984]
[2.6675949096679688]
[0.002703817095607519]
[0.3067065179347992]
[0.01329051610082388]
[0.009556303732097149]
[1.1260110139846802]
[0.15745776891708374]
[0.012469581328332424]
[0.0038420502096414566]
[0.015920693054795265]
[0.08683731406927109]
[0.11521384119987488]
[0.5145765542984009]
[0.29600098729133606]
[0.6225813031196594]
[0.0061374325305223465]
[0.003938049543648958]
[1.9861751794815063]
[0.005168160889297724]
[0.018710792064666748]
[0.7019197344779968]
[0.014158688485622406]
[0.12213454395532608]
[0.11549265682697296]
[0.8252617716789246]
[0.0041913907043635845]
[0.0042335642501711845]
[0.015495490282773972]
[0.03783244639635086]
[0.31504198908805847]
[0.07403526455163956]
[0.5197955965995789]
[0.0329119935631752]
[0.4551932215690613]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.005101271905004978]
[0.004403236787766218]
[0.0042997063137590885]
[0.002878829836845398]
[0.11090128868818283]
[0.003951841965317726]
[0.004610144533216953]
[0.004452848341315985]
[0.004001402761787176]
[0.011328457854688168]
[0.005087714176625013]
[0.17323841154575348]
[2.052015781402588]
[0.003949456382542849]
[0.005512875970453024]
[0.31962406635284424]
[0.3872089087963104]
[0.04887143149971962]
[0.004737027455121279]
[0.004915075842291117]
[0.9052408337593079]
[0.009148466400802135]
[0.0055226730182766914]
[0.007213085424154997]
[0.005550929345190525]
[0.021020520478487015]
[0.007159390486776829]
[0.10961456596851349]
[0.004712976515293121]
[0.02225852943956852]
[0.005855887662619352]
[0.012085195630788803]
[1.5849907398223877]
[0.495955228805542]
[0.378630667924881]
[0.1157403364777565]
[0.005434911232441664]
[0.005784129723906517]
[0.11566295474767685]
[0.1156289353966713]
[0.015829334035515785]
[0.005033938214182854]
[0.08679472655057907]
[0.003250331850722432]
[0.051116641610860825]
[0.003903076285496354]
[0.024804234504699707]
[0.046425577253103256]
[0.014824087731540203]
[0.3567577600479126]
[0.005364719778299332]
[0.018854470923542976]
[0.0045296549797058105]
[0.013918296433985233]
[0.0055106948129832745]
[0.003856954164803028]
[0.0865899920463562]
[0.0026640952564775944]
[0.009753890335559845]
[0.003898410126566887]
[0.08651497960090637]
[0.05493094399571419]
[0.00562660675495863]
[0.003982172347605228]
[0.043112777173519135]
[0.4221368432044983]
[0.012529240921139717]
[0.004797101952135563]
[0.10159735381603241]
[0.2691631615161896]
[0.003659680252894759]
[0.13383720815181732]
[0.003610447281971574]
[0.005574278999119997]
[0.005241507198661566]
[0.08627403527498245]
[0.08625500649213791]
[0.19959713518619537]
[0.005220313090831041]
[0.0036659077741205692]
[0.005575551185756922]
[0.18347938358783722]
[0.014147063717246056]
[0.09808733314275742]
[0.18254131078720093]
[0.005553164519369602]
[0.0036424132995307446]
[0.00445678923279047]
[0.007957586087286472]
[0.005187515169382095]
[0.29352840781211853]
[0.00514338118955493]
[0.003821267979219556]
[0.08600058406591415]
[0.012850024737417698]
[0.5706885457038879]
[0.005048463121056557]
[0.011506102047860622]
[0.0025742636062204838]
[0.0046409075148403645]
[0.005503012333065271]
[0.006884417030960321]
[0.022142624482512474]
[1.0025452375411987]
[0.32283684611320496]
[0.007681374438107014]
[0.004797919187694788]
[0.0041360449977219105]
[0.05898924171924591]
[0.08588403463363647]
[0.0036126612685620785]
[0.08584941178560257]
[0.0071541438810527325]
[0.007363100070506334]
[0.17679215967655182]
[0.5065532326698303]
[0.1152765154838562]
[0.00446604797616601]
[0.0066888416185975075]
[0.004332724958658218]
[0.7674074769020081]
[0.11522993445396423]
[0.8091419339179993]
[0.0036794135812669992]
[0.013815454207360744]
[0.0044289398938417435]
[0.6118820309638977]
[0.005112005397677422]
[0.05498993769288063]
[0.12621957063674927]
[0.006210125517100096]
[0.003450763411819935]
[0.005082651972770691]
[0.5553001165390015]
[0.07269822806119919]
[0.022709447890520096]
[0.006157126277685165]
[0.35846802592277527]
[0.0527498722076416]
[0.07471057027578354]
[0.7434680461883545]
[0.6855859160423279]
[0.015226202085614204]
[0.005332069005817175]
[0.0034100681077688932]
[0.4289989769458771]
[0.15930944681167603]
[0.0036216338630765676]
[0.04161125794053078]
[0.2183142453432083]
[0.005301186814904213]
[0.05044050142168999]
[0.018452703952789307]
[0.006645709276199341]
[0.02090076357126236]
[0.004946078173816204]
[0.0034157289192080498]
[0.005248973146080971]
[0.017334148287773132]
[0.003997087012976408]
[0.0034312978386878967]
[0.4560092091560364]
[0.07662901282310486]
[0.0219238493591547]
[0.22445863485336304]
[0.015271732583642006]
[0.009408150799572468]
[0.004057970363646746]
[0.08493462204933167]
[0.1155402734875679]
[0.004159505944699049]
[0.060293279588222504]
[0.03222249448299408]
[0.11551577597856522]
[0.03066520020365715]
[0.6029055714607239]
[0.003743233624845743]
[0.0026820735074579716]
[4.064791202545166]
[1.1491793394088745]
[0.004003320354968309]
[0.0054277461022138596]
[0.04164727032184601]
[0.02615574188530445]
[0.0038088869769126177]
[0.3508586585521698]
[0.006492419168353081]
[0.004060095641762018]
[0.0064399391412734985]
[0.005118200555443764]
[1.6357792615890503]
[0.004711764398962259]
[0.0031790826469659805]
[0.005094979889690876]
[0.02930745668709278]
[0.9178234338760376]
[0.01586318016052246]
[0.03879237547516823]
[0.07621762156486511]
[0.1673818975687027]
[0.005066297482699156]
[2.1744470596313477]
[0.006430281791836023]
[0.01039629615843296]
[0.2830103039741516]
[0.013478964567184448]
[0.003176548285409808]
[0.11002955585718155]
[0.011429683305323124]
[0.0064468299970030785]
[0.0033407548908144236]
[0.20422415435314178]
[0.011589590460062027]
[0.05880379676818848]
[0.47951140999794006]
[0.08489161729812622]
[0.017943158745765686]
[0.004441973753273487]
[0.0034121221397072077]
[0.0037388436030596495]
[0.01684320718050003]
[0.0037436557468026876]
[0.003865758888423443]
[0.23360775411128998]
[0.225197434425354]
[0.08461873978376389]
[0.004881004337221384]
[0.3452809154987335]
[0.0035411736462265253]
[0.12829594314098358]
[0.10781230032444]
[0.008079467341303825]
[0.08449739217758179]
[0.003332673804834485]
[0.003997724503278732]
[0.37058064341545105]
[0.11568298190832138]
[0.3033822774887085]
[0.1269221007823944]
[0.16449373960494995]
[0.1093713566660881]
[0.0038261848967522383]
[0.22769160568714142]
[0.003235782030969858]
[0.8329215049743652]
[0.016143513843417168]
[0.0032128114253282547]
[0.017442896962165833]
[0.0493650883436203]
[0.0026770674157887697]
[0.21892866492271423]
[0.004934970289468765]
[0.1984470933675766]
[0.005179309286177158]
[0.29995280504226685]
[0.004457404837012291]
[0.04476955533027649]
[0.08443375676870346]
[0.21356891095638275]
[0.15002618730068207]
[0.0015709076542407274]
[0.3013426959514618]
[0.014217558316886425]
[0.5274437069892883]
[0.01587153971195221]
[0.0051820785738527775]
[0.004488315433263779]
[0.1596601903438568]
[0.003348057623952627]
[0.004569671582430601]
[0.5402076244354248]
[0.006867525167763233]
[0.08424633741378784]
[0.023937206715345383]
[0.0034335311502218246]
[0.00447576679289341]
[0.11593756824731827]
[0.010490069165825844]
[0.0036143639590591192]
[0.004103126935660839]
[0.2289220690727234]
[0.904644787311554]
[0.11021393537521362]
[0.004157654475420713]
[0.08412247896194458]
[0.0034910771064460278]
[0.011668795719742775]
[0.04815799742937088]
[0.004416989162564278]
[0.0016773018287494779]
[0.04202882945537567]
[0.22449801862239838]
[0.08403826504945755]
[0.008162165060639381]
[0.029511606320738792]
[0.09202920645475388]
[0.0053258491680026054]
[0.008351835422217846]
[0.11609894037246704]
[0.7479045987129211]
[0.0039845542050898075]
[0.05226966738700867]
[0.2946675717830658]
[0.022136010229587555]
[0.21263311803340912]
[0.02517917938530445]
[1.2411686182022095]
[0.08396835625171661]
[0.11617783457040787]
[0.1590130478143692]
[0.004700426943600178]
[0.01858416758477688]
[0.004115710966289043]
[0.5964682698249817]
[0.003410136792808771]
[0.0036179351154714823]
[0.0633172020316124]
[0.04626864567399025]
[0.1128966212272644]
[0.15707600116729736]
[0.002726509002968669]
[0.017695626243948936]
[0.08389714360237122]
[0.5159276127815247]
[0.015254617668688297]
[0.0034071779809892178]
[0.006872789468616247]
[0.12254296243190765]
[0.010984648019075394]
[0.0014810696011409163]
[1.9591317176818848]
[0.0034531010314822197]
[0.19289523363113403]
[0.005128607619553804]
[0.013434279710054398]
[0.10943183302879333]
[0.17148596048355103]
[0.11599098891019821]
[0.11599145829677582]
[0.0836547389626503]
[0.004837337415665388]
[0.0033823284320533276]
[0.19500117003917694]
[506.068115234375]
[0.004166539758443832]
[0.00395880825817585]
[0.6799881458282471]
[0.014493124559521675]
[0.04076818376779556]
[0.19614721834659576]
[0.0037884837947785854]
[0.11688323318958282]
[0.003939039073884487]
[0.11703287065029144]
[0.1471610814332962]
[0.21070465445518494]
[0.11599189043045044]
[0.0027980580925941467]
[0.00511906435713172]
[0.006307706236839294]
[0.02641727402806282]
[0.004332250449806452]
[0.004366586916148663]
[0.004042969085276127]
[0.07350965589284897]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.19766037166118622]
[0.3268490731716156]
[5.36032772064209]
[0.08500991761684418]
[0.004368438385426998]
[0.015558017417788506]
[0.02538818120956421]
[0.006965301465243101]
[0.004458352457731962]
[0.0854676365852356]
[0.018142705783247948]
[0.06302407383918762]
[0.25989505648612976]
[0.015351925976574421]
[0.3034440875053406]
[0.08216241747140884]
[0.1174241229891777]
[0.059492260217666626]
[0.1641806960105896]
[0.18806278705596924]
[0.3208025097846985]
[0.15054813027381897]
[0.004063027910888195]
[0.015186389908194542]
[0.004851949866861105]
[0.27431005239486694]
[0.11740238964557648]
[0.004743372090160847]
[0.005140384659171104]
[0.014720456674695015]
[0.01411449071019888]
[0.005882924888283014]
[0.05603763088583946]
[0.22052085399627686]
[0.004066022112965584]
[0.013932943344116211]
[0.00400118250399828]
[0.5099042654037476]
[0.004064500331878662]
[0.06354970484972]
[0.0058228857815265656]
[0.34787002205848694]
[0.11718743294477463]
[0.6251652240753174]
[0.1171691045165062]
[0.32550549507141113]
[0.0070267850533127785]
[0.013646258041262627]
[0.004500204231590033]
[0.07764685899019241]
[0.06561124324798584]
[0.006710426416248083]
[0.006071352865546942]
[0.005193935241550207]
[0.006718958728015423]
[0.006117755547165871]
[0.08555656671524048]
[0.007174607366323471]
[0.08553425967693329]
[0.014324489049613476]
[0.03940149024128914]
[0.005817880854010582]
[0.11701133847236633]
[0.13081535696983337]
[0.003935635555535555]
[0.005476794671267271]
[0.031745485961437225]
[0.053236860781908035]
[0.004759141243994236]
[0.8463099598884583]
[0.11691923439502716]
[0.11690974235534668]
[0.00820701289921999]
[0.035380806773900986]
[0.2073705792427063]
[0.00471514742821455]
[0.4258562922477722]
[0.005473251920193434]
[0.007688396610319614]
[0.004167426377534866]
[0.17143850028514862]
[0.006915947422385216]
[0.0352495051920414]
[0.0851178914308548]
[0.011626314371824265]
[0.6919825077056885]
[0.004098935052752495]
[0.01249235961586237]
[0.024814672768115997]
[0.025210922583937645]
[0.004123239312320948]
[0.011275509372353554]
[0.1864856332540512]
[0.04415971413254738]
[0.003958779852837324]
[0.058511000126600266]
[0.0034129226114600897]
[0.15524660050868988]
[0.11688364297151566]
[0.004245242569595575]
[0.08491138368844986]
[0.3641568124294281]
[0.2185850739479065]
[0.005682873539626598]
[0.06712263077497482]
[0.012205936945974827]
[0.013927933759987354]
[0.1386963427066803]
[0.011663415469229221]
[0.11679496616125107]
[0.11584540456533432]
[0.013462953269481659]
[0.48070865869522095]
[0.004039413761347532]
[0.028969792649149895]
[0.005311769898980856]
[0.008940346539020538]
[0.15197819471359253]
[0.09091795980930328]
[0.009948862716555595]
[0.003863958176225424]
[0.304966539144516]
[0.004210265353322029]
[0.018614495173096657]
[0.024312280118465424]
[0.0212711151689291]
[0.09790515899658203]
[0.006298506632447243]
[0.1745702624320984]
[0.007698050234466791]
[2.5922112464904785]
[0.04412835091352463]
[0.08480880409479141]
[0.003819155739620328]
[0.9885385036468506]
[0.00418427400290966]
[0.0056999074295163155]
[0.0033225971274077892]
[0.007817885838449001]
[0.25978153944015503]
[0.0043390654027462006]
[0.014190012589097023]
[1.006889820098877]
[0.014508754946291447]
[0.028639964759349823]
[0.11661671847105026]
[0.11660102009773254]
[0.001139083062298596]
[0.04821474477648735]
[2.9457528591156006]
[0.004484174773097038]
[0.03251802176237106]
[0.41722097992897034]
[0.003726462135091424]
[0.004426943138241768]
[0.1446610689163208]
[0.008978070691227913]
[0.00465823570266366]
[0.03770808130502701]
[1.5548973083496094]
[0.0037654938641935587]
[0.004281328525394201]
[0.005008197855204344]
[0.04519271478056908]
[0.05202119052410126]
[0.005548499058932066]
[0.08457756787538528]
[0.3040100932121277]
[0.0007132733007892966]
[0.005251102615147829]
[0.0139903724193573]
[0.15990088880062103]
[0.004020990338176489]
[0.012148607522249222]
[0.10576911270618439]
[0.012151157483458519]
[0.006122326944023371]
[0.006322368513792753]
[0.0020391354337334633]
[0.11440350860357285]
[0.027426036074757576]
[0.11673597991466522]
[0.22362349927425385]
[0.004484870005398989]
[0.08458583801984787]
[0.013199474662542343]
[0.08455772697925568]
[0.022511091083288193]
[0.019686823710799217]
[0.008046720176935196]
[0.11662744730710983]
[0.0865829586982727]
[0.005552671384066343]
[0.045957960188388824]
[1.733762502670288]
[0.999065637588501]
[0.0017606152687221766]
[0.05151030048727989]
[0.0037041199393570423]
[0.11648628115653992]
[0.0051450906321406364]
[0.21987208724021912]
[0.1790473759174347]
[0.004158551339060068]
[0.2613442540168762]
[0.01397012546658516]
[0.0008704038918949664]
[0.004254307597875595]
[0.006815069355070591]
[0.0052937669679522514]
[0.01730673387646675]
[0.014300265349447727]
[0.17739349603652954]
[0.023378098383545876]
[0.004009953700006008]
[0.11645481735467911]
[0.01189601980149746]
[0.0066367946565151215]
[0.013514632359147072]
[0.00378142180852592]
[0.0037961143534630537]
[0.11640161275863647]
[0.006754644680768251]
[0.0025357133708894253]
[0.004748647101223469]
[0.004263484384864569]
[0.00948823057115078]
[0.0036799320951104164]
[0.11627990752458572]
[0.1161828339099884]
[0.7369128465652466]
[0.18119947612285614]
[0.04518783465027809]
[0.005421556998044252]
[0.0034581387881189585]
[0.004616496153175831]
[0.040013350546360016]
[0.0030495368409901857]
[0.004065034911036491]
[0.32495591044425964]
[0.005404036492109299]
[0.00426027225330472]
[0.03522151708602905]
[0.00897202268242836]
[0.13816042244434357]
[0.11614556610584259]
[0.11612974107265472]
[0.17474481463432312]
[0.19263821840286255]
[0.06364765763282776]
[0.004815748892724514]
[0.02364664524793625]
[0.005370326805859804]
[0.003566109575331211]
[0.084377720952034]
[0.1296117901802063]
[0.005051005631685257]
[0.039726629853248596]
[0.004644591361284256]
[0.10607368499040604]
[0.35929879546165466]
[0.005340663716197014]
[0.01898864097893238]
[0.2656331956386566]
[0.0037348305340856314]
[0.16507205367088318]
[0.0053572095930576324]
[0.11599466949701309]
[0.0035965293645858765]
[0.004673055838793516]
[0.0037446694914251566]
[0.0066650863736867905]
[0.0050407457165420055]
[0.0036375392228364944]
[0.007958094589412212]
[0.11590185016393661]
[0.12147869169712067]
[0.004189718514680862]
[0.0025321822613477707]
[0.6157121062278748]
[0.014405821450054646]
[0.12678086757659912]
[0.11581110954284668]
[0.005307995714247227]
[0.27416083216667175]
[0.003343780292198062]
[0.004312401637434959]
[0.00499206967651844]
[0.08423907309770584]
[0.0035738544538617134]
[0.14992967247962952]
[0.01249172817915678]
[0.08415351808071136]
[0.23374107480049133]
[0.0034281136468052864]
[0.0044740648008883]
[0.01771686226129532]
[0.018819188699126244]
[1.2033690214157104]
[0.0025185870472341776]
[0.0038644711021333933]
[0.004483041353523731]
[0.01869838871061802]
[1.8653020858764648]
[0.006176055874675512]
[0.1367226541042328]
[0.005161905661225319]
[0.00543126231059432]
[0.26414671540260315]
[0.0038475284818559885]
[0.003657697467133403]
[0.264034628868103]
[0.23448605835437775]
[0.0025712368078529835]
[0.0032620287965983152]
[0.019054224714636803]
[0.003717262065038085]
[0.12371479719877243]
[0.022190390154719353]
[0.06155039370059967]
[0.10134455561637878]
[0.115813709795475]
[0.0281808041036129]
[0.10454511642456055]
[0.230852872133255]
[1.5610195398330688]
[0.0048390161246061325]
[0.02653072029352188]
[0.003260678378865123]
[0.008800948038697243]
[0.018778955563902855]
[0.019848894327878952]
[0.004022040870040655]
[0.04473196342587471]
[0.1159323900938034]
[0.4646485447883606]
[0.19236694276332855]
[0.052549924701452255]
[0.11594192683696747]
[0.005190073978155851]
[0.33025923371315]
[0.022626075893640518]
[0.1347680687904358]
[0.003379716770723462]
[0.2281864732503891]
[0.0369395986199379]
[0.1079426035284996]
[0.24376896023750305]
[0.0028902841731905937]
[0.3198559284210205]
[0.2093650996685028]
[0.008749391883611679]
[0.11599060148000717]
[0.003600827418267727]
[0.004787520971149206]
[0.38984936475753784]
[0.08414168655872345]
[0.0290236659348011]
[0.016115702688694]
[0.006533666979521513]
[0.17119605839252472]
[82.2620620727539]
[0.1613042801618576]
[0.029300570487976074]
[0.011795097962021828]
[0.11592459678649902]
[0.028622107580304146]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.4024295508861542]
[0.18663930892944336]
[0.005352420266717672]
[0.004570221994072199]
[0.004932579584419727]
[0.005308284889906645]
[0.10404299944639206]
[0.002419248456135392]
[0.013956204988062382]
[0.04514404386281967]
[0.03202689066529274]
[0.00500737689435482]
[0.6228742599487305]
[0.08420948684215546]
[0.14739416539669037]
[0.3313784897327423]
[0.239493727684021]
[0.10596054792404175]
[0.11580658704042435]
[2.0465402603149414]
[0.11578039824962616]
[0.11575523018836975]
[0.0033934602979570627]
[0.006094222888350487]
[0.11565851420164108]
[0.08405205607414246]
[0.0036652875132858753]
[0.12308739870786667]
[0.6133474707603455]
[0.0033880160190165043]
[0.12418576329946518]
[0.010506912134587765]
[0.34282025694847107]
[0.003391555743291974]
[0.004920726642012596]
[0.015364018268883228]
[0.004908125847578049]
[0.10672228038311005]
[0.011455578729510307]
[0.0033562490716576576]
[0.0064618648029863834]
[0.003964717034250498]
[0.016907626762986183]
[0.003560953075066209]
[0.6714557409286499]
[0.0034786800388246775]
[1.054316759109497]
[0.2009684443473816]
[0.09045232832431793]
[0.004737765062600374]
[0.007458363194018602]
[0.2747305929660797]
[0.08148102462291718]
[0.11532127112150192]
[0.005206601694226265]
[0.011937321163713932]
[0.004531321115791798]
[0.026889648288488388]
[1.2055352926254272]
[0.39616313576698303]
[0.010267158970236778]
[0.40241920948028564]
[0.4972931146621704]
[0.03914177790284157]
[0.36829468607902527]
[0.42198503017425537]
[0.11407630145549774]
[0.004908589646220207]
[0.05451690033078194]
[0.028463685885071754]
[0.005222850013524294]
[0.02691243216395378]
[0.1152568981051445]
[0.08388853818178177]
[0.03577963635325432]
[22.349376678466797]
[0.004513740539550781]
[0.003217455931007862]
[0.7259027361869812]
[0.01927807554602623]
[0.003688736353069544]
[0.37052813172340393]
[0.11525113135576248]
[0.08854497224092484]
[0.0034927809610962868]
[0.0567719042301178]
[0.003950310871005058]
[0.004901363514363766]
[0.03955219313502312]
[0.08745747804641724]
[0.003393361810594797]
[0.07177701592445374]
[0.11518387496471405]
[0.4183853268623352]
[0.10848184674978256]
[0.6241101026535034]
[0.005074718967080116]
[0.0071318489499390125]
[0.03809954971075058]
[0.11504650115966797]
[0.11502106487751007]
[0.008401972241699696]
[0.015130267478525639]
[0.29366394877433777]
[0.06384313106536865]
[0.11487714946269989]
[0.005193414632230997]
[0.004715893417596817]
[0.004979241173714399]
[0.12210191041231155]
[0.012437704019248486]
[0.0065428768284618855]
[0.024032797664403915]
[0.08342483639717102]
[0.0425763800740242]
[0.0032586255110800266]
[0.004478109069168568]
[0.004249305929988623]
[0.005268765147775412]
[0.014602688141167164]
[0.008195246569812298]
[0.00351276365108788]
[0.00913013145327568]
[0.08429000526666641]
[0.004797896835952997]
[0.11969709396362305]
[0.03616105392575264]
[0.19678743183612823]
[0.0051070088520646095]
[0.006221460178494453]
[0.013843473978340626]
[0.003508462570607662]
[0.011327979154884815]
[4.3167219161987305]
[0.07074394077062607]
[0.002359868260100484]
[0.00834917277097702]
[0.007103589363396168]
[0.2895178496837616]
[0.14626772701740265]
[0.013568274676799774]
[0.006994821596890688]
[0.08125770837068558]
[0.018115472048521042]
[0.006265461910516024]
[0.1427176594734192]
[0.010192936286330223]
[0.004924695938825607]
[0.4293316900730133]
[0.005734657868742943]
[0.06035811826586723]
[0.02528669871389866]
[0.0036588453222066164]
[0.04956446960568428]
[0.0037587422411888838]
[0.16619820892810822]
[0.1068296805024147]
[0.0030999397858977318]
[0.0033918628469109535]
[0.23566970229148865]
[7.147534370422363]
[0.0031205827835947275]
[0.07741516083478928]
[0.09083341807126999]
[0.11370550096035004]
[0.007254112511873245]
[0.003072807565331459]
[0.11352580040693283]
[0.0027427077293395996]
[0.012756739743053913]
[0.45920559763908386]
[0.004412044771015644]
[0.003422577865421772]
[0.4748484790325165]
[0.09382200241088867]
[0.004737434908747673]
[0.0031219979282468557]
[0.9527692198753357]
[0.11515069752931595]
[0.11320512741804123]
[0.3321828842163086]
[0.0028893291018903255]
[0.003819465870037675]
[0.11181269586086273]
[0.32545021176338196]
[0.13319581747055054]
[0.0026906407438218594]
[6.144352436065674]
[0.30343037843704224]
[0.03329329192638397]
[0.004958613775670528]
[0.003008877392858267]
[0.014208880253136158]
[0.021299846470355988]
[0.006884366273880005]
[0.003244223538786173]
[0.0035203038714826107]
[0.005081639159470797]
[0.014352742582559586]
[0.004800690338015556]
[0.004784273914992809]
[0.014206832274794579]
[114.7702407836914]
[0.018234839662909508]
[0.0034122595097869635]
[0.004059727303683758]
[0.014599020592868328]
[0.0032912269234657288]
[0.003828638233244419]
[0.019393684342503548]
[0.11406053602695465]
[0.31446751952171326]
[0.19946140050888062]
[0.7139571309089661]
[0.005072664003819227]
[0.0843128189444542]
[0.0035240149591118097]
[0.004319008439779282]
[0.010475946590304375]
[0.006837089080363512]
[0.11428594589233398]
[0.08862203359603882]
[0.10329297184944153]
[0.15459242463111877]
[0.034340839833021164]
[0.003528154455125332]
[0.02299594320356846]
[11.21939468383789]
[0.5956205725669861]
[0.11431585997343063]
[0.11431505531072617]
[0.5189608335494995]
[0.01648377627134323]
[0.005206877365708351]
[0.6953201293945312]
[0.0047509940341115]
[0.003867240622639656]
[0.01003723219037056]
[0.013853631913661957]
[1.599541425704956]
[1.4737372398376465]
[0.003609081730246544]
[0.08456800132989883]
[0.0570303313434124]
[0.5049258470535278]
[5.7776336669921875]
[0.01795879565179348]
[0.1138787567615509]
[6.076807022094727]
[0.005287132691591978]
[9.281506538391113]
[0.0031870114617049694]
[0.0021263225935399532]
[0.00480312155559659]
[0.003246994223445654]
[0.0547889769077301]
[0.17299562692642212]
[0.004272729158401489]
[0.0049783214926719666]
[0.09426504373550415]
[0.19132930040359497]
[0.013399790972471237]
[1.9246749877929688]
[0.0029664337635040283]
[0.13855049014091492]
[0.45663002133369446]
[0.12693968415260315]
[0.09026630222797394]
[0.08053818345069885]
[0.0030991488602012396]
[0.026867834851145744]
[0.33100563287734985]
[0.11355022341012955]
[0.134016215801239]
[0.003029160900041461]
[0.4255318343639374]
[0.23615361750125885]
[0.04336037486791611]
[0.00347082014195621]
[0.1179841160774231]
[0.0030902728904038668]
[0.012697526253759861]
[0.004066783003509045]
[0.10762155801057816]
[0.0050287190824747086]
[0.19560720026493073]
[0.15867428481578827]
[0.08500833809375763]
[0.07368569076061249]
[0.0024175571743398905]
[0.29141661524772644]
[0.00355461984872818]
[0.1480051875114441]
[0.08335204422473907]
[0.00509543064981699]
[0.005375728011131287]
[0.36336323618888855]
[0.38102543354034424]
[0.0052567278034985065]
[1.0297316312789917]
[0.0357925146818161]
[0.009372314438223839]
[0.0056302426382899284]
[0.0027569206431508064]
[0.023114757612347603]
[7.70057487487793]
[0.009639459662139416]
[0.2537989914417267]
[0.004877978935837746]
[0.033453624695539474]
[0.11414191871881485]
[1.0293164253234863]
[0.004961400758475065]
[0.038336075842380524]
[0.5097088813781738]
[0.00524777639657259]
[0.018952347338199615]
[0.004908996634185314]
[0.005261468701064587]
[0.5349364280700684]
[0.24775579571723938]
[0.002210412872955203]
[0.024982556700706482]
[31.59402847290039]
[0.01047616358846426]
[0.1144161969423294]
[0.0035512223839759827]
[108.76486206054688]
[0.42690417170524597]
[0.1657201051712036]
[0.0031441315077245235]
[0.0032454482279717922]
[0.08349676430225372]
[0.0030529506038874388]
[0.08345069736242294]
[0.04278867691755295]
[0.04575984179973602]
[0.35381075739860535]
[0.03224973753094673]
[0.044732414186000824]
[0.11359786242246628]
[0.0718993991613388]
[0.00445699505507946]
[0.003026032354682684]
[0.017503196373581886]
[0.024491965770721436]
[0.00482994643971324]
[0.035551201552152634]
[0.002999129705131054]
[0.005372222512960434]
[0.013260670006275177]
[1.1050573587417603]
[0.0047806245274841785]
[0.0035286142956465483]
[0.10626277327537537]
[0.05337353050708771]
[0.00440642423927784]
[0.025197939947247505]
[0.12123819440603256]
[0.011476701125502586]
[0.4270203113555908]
[0.11309725046157837]
[0.04187338799238205]
[0.004369447007775307]
[0.11303433775901794]
[0.002703907433897257]
[0.009994047693908215]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.11767623573541641]
[0.003981313202530146]
[0.009918978437781334]
[0.011666728183627129]
[0.01069400180131197]
[0.002832505153492093]
[0.046803250908851624]
[0.11282359808683395]
[0.028519537299871445]
[0.4196677803993225]
[0.020388029515743256]
[3.241084337234497]
[0.0035938688088208437]
[0.010369365103542805]
[0.14236915111541748]
[0.13307379186153412]
[0.22508034110069275]
[0.014581393450498581]
[0.006572481244802475]
[0.11247434467077255]
[0.32241585850715637]
[0.024481089785695076]
[0.1124112606048584]
[0.015542542561888695]
[0.10594990849494934]
[0.005844652187079191]
[0.04370392486453056]
[3.279567003250122]
[0.03272079676389694]
[0.0027106062043458223]
[0.5052827000617981]
[0.0041874186135828495]
[0.2842139005661011]
[0.023982234299182892]
[0.030609285458922386]
[0.003897174960002303]
[0.20067909359931946]
[0.004241846036165953]
[0.11241021007299423]
[0.005749143194407225]
[0.002586341230198741]
[0.0027490705251693726]
[0.011862515471875668]
[0.08297500014305115]
[0.025412816554307938]
[0.5166428089141846]
[0.6013218760490417]
[0.2083502560853958]
[0.01733076386153698]
[0.964219868183136]
[0.002574312500655651]
[0.002446755999699235]
[0.01314446423202753]
[0.04541405290365219]
[0.03399452567100525]
[0.0038790965918451548]
[0.1123979464173317]
[0.08298113942146301]
[0.017703615128993988]
[0.11236617714166641]
[0.00428177323192358]
[0.027583809569478035]
[0.04476676881313324]
[0.017990363761782646]
[0.0030143987387418747]
[0.5916304588317871]
[0.020467249676585197]
[0.026926374062895775]
[0.046604666858911514]
[0.03007011115550995]
[0.032472606748342514]
[0.1911548376083374]
[0.004219452850520611]
[0.10525818169116974]
[0.11213584989309311]
[0.004156192764639854]
[0.509070098400116]
[0.05765495449304581]
[0.027011753991246223]
[0.00249590165913105]
[0.0037844106554985046]
[0.11206749081611633]
[0.2815595865249634]
[0.031061775982379913]
[0.01744012162089348]
[0.0030987632926553488]
[0.0020460551604628563]
[0.003151488024741411]
[0.00380266853608191]
[0.004506752826273441]
[0.26155978441238403]
[0.15025924146175385]
[0.9869476556777954]
[0.6704244017601013]
[0.7816374897956848]
[0.017883462831377983]
[0.44308584928512573]
[0.02365986816585064]
[0.00256441836245358]
[0.4669620096683502]
[0.0038447463884949684]
[0.0029155188240110874]
[0.03170390427112579]
[0.008018015883862972]
[0.11192739754915237]
[0.10821939259767532]
[0.01920584961771965]
[0.2458786517381668]
[0.36410272121429443]
[0.1842588633298874]
[270.6920166015625]
[0.01723640412092209]
[0.08908112347126007]
[0.0028382297605276108]
[0.06467211246490479]
[0.002761999610811472]
[0.021149083971977234]
[0.038635462522506714]
[0.0078004999086260796]
[0.00769761810079217]
[0.02309611812233925]
[0.003967145457863808]
[0.3968318700790405]
[0.031870756298303604]
[0.004932543728500605]
[0.01668732613325119]
[0.01949940249323845]
[0.003123175585642457]
[0.016335003077983856]
[0.3674863576889038]
[0.016263624653220177]
[0.003518517594784498]
[0.18176326155662537]
[1.9675838947296143]
[0.03308240324258804]
[0.0031585670076310635]
[0.003993688616901636]
[0.005110470578074455]
[0.004785891156643629]
[0.7630402445793152]
[0.08371863514184952]
[0.003112357808277011]
[0.6214317083358765]
[0.00402391143143177]
[0.11314456909894943]
[0.11312782019376755]
[0.3053968548774719]
[0.11579839885234833]
[0.017833730205893517]
[0.15733811259269714]
[0.004813666455447674]
[0.024172570556402206]
[0.29250046610832214]
[0.0032345112413167953]
[0.004404657986015081]
[0.0038042799569666386]
[0.004707804881036282]
[0.27159199118614197]
[0.017398091033101082]
[0.10749506205320358]
[0.027452530339360237]
[0.16147002577781677]
[0.11283161491155624]
[0.08372607827186584]
[0.11279737204313278]
[0.4563957154750824]
[0.04003771394491196]
[0.02262077108025551]
[0.004447816871106625]
[0.0033223710488528013]
[0.0037758133839815855]
[0.023010049015283585]
[0.0037564283702522516]
[0.0063843997195363045]
[0.0050009433180093765]
[0.12961477041244507]
[0.005013188347220421]
[0.03879750147461891]
[0.11252870410680771]
[0.4448299705982208]
[1.454587459564209]
[0.005278673954308033]
[0.01891903206706047]
[0.0244944766163826]
[0.22028420865535736]
[0.024526815861463547]
[0.007303561549633741]
[0.010230603627860546]
[0.15524375438690186]
[0.003842180361971259]
[0.0031687826849520206]
[0.11043673753738403]
[0.0030324121471494436]
[4.759555816650391]
[0.004998037125915289]
[0.08348459005355835]
[0.003351823426783085]
[0.11248908936977386]
[0.007186767645180225]
[0.04371671378612518]
[3.3012681007385254]
[0.003652439219877124]
[0.151398167014122]
[0.03069097362458706]
[0.007711360231041908]
[0.04858236014842987]
[0.0031480658799409866]
[0.008936239406466484]
[0.13844157755374908]
[0.0045082299038767815]
[0.10738242417573929]
[0.0764661505818367]
[0.11260887235403061]
[0.11260189116001129]
[0.010981705039739609]
[0.013122200965881348]
[0.29631587862968445]
[0.14496420323848724]
[0.004555213265120983]
[0.004600985907018185]
[0.5044397115707397]
[0.0029343373607844114]
[0.0025344875175505877]
[0.008128156885504723]
[0.1446082890033722]
[0.1944771260023117]
[0.00464476877823472]
[0.003111532423645258]
[0.11245353519916534]
[0.11243847757577896]
[0.17712602019309998]
[0.11239154636859894]
[0.018204445019364357]
[0.20944860577583313]
[0.003812575712800026]
[0.11145510524511337]
[1.154302716255188]
[0.45928841829299927]
[0.23046563565731049]
[0.19419170916080475]
[0.02775188907980919]
[0.08331626653671265]
[0.0037546753883361816]
[0.23458890616893768]
[0.004384736064821482]
[0.006236212328076363]
[0.11219698190689087]
[0.0027328254655003548]
[0.26598063111305237]
[0.020366597920656204]
[0.0028311340138316154]
[0.22144585847854614]
[0.0048967390321195126]
[0.21031425893306732]
[0.004899286199361086]
[0.0030249126721173525]
[0.08936930447816849]
[0.012155610136687756]
[0.002943763043731451]
[0.004894249141216278]
[0.0078111682087183]
[0.1023368164896965]
[0.7152377367019653]
[0.04403819516301155]
[1.8486355543136597]
[0.05535348877310753]
[0.0060911341570317745]
[0.05724775418639183]
[1.7276787757873535]
[0.13982801139354706]
[0.21811442077159882]
[0.1312820315361023]
[0.003971748985350132]
[0.7375022172927856]
[0.0020126341842114925]
[0.11215358972549438]
[0.002891483251005411]
[0.013350483030080795]
[0.002377837197855115]
[0.004589683376252651]
[0.42779627442359924]
[0.7392404675483704]
[0.004554937593638897]
[0.0042156740091741085]
[0.004609443247318268]
[0.0315607488155365]
[0.0030205962248146534]
[0.38385722041130066]
[0.00406670430675149]
[0.019274108111858368]
[0.005652862600982189]
[0.041337043046951294]
[0.026123831048607826]
[0.1515241265296936]
[0.08331257849931717]
[0.0046087596565485]
[0.019225258380174637]
[0.006049091927707195]
[0.24882860481739044]
[0.005218756850808859]
[0.011328944005072117]
[0.100393146276474]
[0.012560803443193436]
[0.0048506371676921844]
[0.00495128333568573]
[0.0049492246471345425]
[0.021735012531280518]
[0.004723800346255302]
[0.11213278025388718]
[0.27233007550239563]
[0.11209988594055176]
[0.08322522789239883]
[0.0062148612923920155]
[0.029266564175486565]
[0.025706229731440544]
[0.0046135904267430305]
[0.11197706311941147]
[0.007111106067895889]
[0.0999411940574646]
[0.11189582943916321]
[0.0042235516011714935]
[3.2822980880737305]
[0.23087207973003387]
[0.0029209936037659645]
[0.11177340149879456]
[0.002846068236976862]
[0.0029029103461652994]
[0.002838041866198182]
[0.1917402297258377]
[0.03709663450717926]
[0.03405700623989105]
[0.0028054416179656982]
[0.1816963404417038]
[0.024465076625347137]
[0.0028425168711692095]
[0.08282722532749176]
[0.11157393455505371]
[0.03579996898770332]
[0.1739232838153839]
[0.06954321265220642]
[0.09487619996070862]
[0.011048256419599056]
[7.6605544090271]
[0.01467058528214693]
[0.006421496160328388]
[0.0055069816298782825]
[0.3064505457878113]
[0.011697807349264622]
[0.04729408770799637]
[0.004505573306232691]
[0.3950640857219696]
[0.11134468764066696]
[0.11132574826478958]
[0.4629194140434265]
[0.0021776107605546713]
[0.004803062882274389]
[0.0826004296541214]
[0.012128818780183792]
[0.0825689285993576]
[0.11118786782026291]
[0.1588415503501892]
[0.12599048018455505]
[0.10500581562519073]
[0.0456731878221035]
[0.0028517008759081364]
[0.017027370631694794]
[0.04405398666858673]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.004733440466225147]
[0.0060418820939958096]
[0.0027646103408187628]
[0.2567591965198517]
[0.0020193373784422874]
[0.15314196050167084]
[0.14962491393089294]
[0.003900892334058881]
[0.0037025115452706814]
[0.0026434604078531265]
[0.0026893606409430504]
[0.004360053222626448]
[0.014293067157268524]
[0.004376886412501335]
[0.02609872817993164]
[0.003016341244801879]
[0.36437103152275085]
[0.11080649495124817]
[0.004971403628587723]
[0.11077174544334412]
[0.11074452102184296]
[0.00469607999548316]
[0.0034548500552773476]
[0.08221051841974258]
[0.0063159470446407795]
[0.08217465132474899]
[0.11056579649448395]
[2.0366854667663574]
[0.004330779425799847]
[0.004962509963661432]
[0.08203151822090149]
[0.0033684365916997194]
[0.0036586299538612366]
[0.006683747284114361]
[0.001689564436674118]
[0.0032652311492711306]
[0.15560324490070343]
[0.004610924050211906]
[0.03727606683969498]
[0.1638832539319992]
[0.7767050266265869]
[0.0025169847067445517]
[0.005723906680941582]
[0.10107679665088654]
[0.003902355208992958]
[0.0027048259507864714]
[0.11017190665006638]
[0.004390609450638294]
[0.004290617071092129]
[0.0027620389591902494]
[0.003910491243004799]
[0.3588213324546814]
[0.007036862429231405]
[0.002513601677492261]
[0.0025573435705155134]
[0.03338893502950668]
[0.27356112003326416]
[0.49242350459098816]
[0.005782101769000292]
[0.11001916974782944]
[0.11000069975852966]
[0.002653700765222311]
[0.22605176270008087]
[0.15175023674964905]
[0.01610551029443741]
[0.004567088093608618]
[0.0034369558561593294]
[0.022028213366866112]
[0.0020680760499089956]
[0.002957569435238838]
[0.03805924952030182]
[0.003867965890094638]
[0.002645711414515972]
[0.0020532915368676186]
[0.032636698335409164]
[0.10975919663906097]
[0.0807378739118576]
[0.0029965504072606564]
[0.10100515186786652]
[0.10969308763742447]
[0.005657366011291742]
[0.027333403006196022]
[0.004208378028124571]
[0.008002066984772682]
[0.06103365495800972]
[0.010226999409496784]
[0.002600887091830373]
[0.1395435631275177]
[0.09069650620222092]
[0.004205653443932533]
[0.004240107722580433]
[0.004559176508337259]
[0.002602656837552786]
[0.10934331268072128]
[4.713064670562744]
[0.003430946497246623]
[0.01884109526872635]
[0.006445553153753281]
[0.03656239062547684]
[0.01710081286728382]
[0.046258822083473206]
[0.013659282587468624]
[0.0025021331384778023]
[0.0163093451410532]
[0.17538021504878998]
[0.0012165862135589123]
[0.0026601585559546947]
[0.10895673930644989]
[0.21052226424217224]
[0.00239549670368433]
[0.0023869741708040237]
[0.042741190642118454]
[0.03585280478000641]
[0.0489349365234375]
[0.42846131324768066]
[0.019858168438076973]
[0.00929479580372572]
[0.004104724619537592]
[0.050382982939481735]
[0.0021601023618131876]
[0.19511394202709198]
[0.2805118262767792]
[0.001124498201534152]
[0.004780098330229521]
[0.20786114037036896]
[0.00406775064766407]
[0.01178178284317255]
[0.0036558867432177067]
[0.08177365362644196]
[0.23750557005405426]
[0.0012280968949198723]
[0.012916084378957748]
[0.002266113879159093]
[0.10868553817272186]
[0.0022790103685110807]
[0.0029832590371370316]
[0.0022700175177305937]
[0.08163939416408539]
[0.3729071021080017]
[0.0022374338004738092]
[0.0018464976456016302]
[0.020680692046880722]
[0.002543683396652341]
[0.10924442112445831]
[0.0017314903670921922]
[0.03913372382521629]
[0.005614750552922487]
[0.050328463315963745]
[0.003662463976070285]
[0.002767685567960143]
[0.015122444368898869]
[0.0043321228586137295]
[0.015775104984641075]
[0.002937346464022994]
[0.10844983905553818]
[0.006739472970366478]
[0.003999046515673399]
[0.013141785748302937]
[0.20468971133232117]
[0.009533493779599667]
[0.1768580973148346]
[0.0035778807941824198]
[0.10832758247852325]
[0.003975945524871349]
[0.0029206927865743637]
[0.10826727002859116]
[0.0025673413183540106]
[0.004283868242055178]
[0.016846681013703346]
[0.01542290672659874]
[0.0031396960839629173]
[0.00973951444029808]
[0.0028880564495921135]
[0.03011825866997242]
[0.009110070765018463]
[0.0024482165463268757]
[0.0034421926829963923]
[0.09023895859718323]
[0.0034810497891157866]
[0.1599937379360199]
[0.0032353615388274193]
[0.003089413046836853]
[0.0036548206117004156]
[0.10802080482244492]
[0.0025262280832976103]
[0.04019435867667198]
[0.0224034171551466]
[0.007445080205798149]
[0.002434757072478533]
[0.0015827124007046223]
[0.10589807480573654]
[0.106375552713871]
[0.0024225907400250435]
[0.004228310193866491]
[0.0022420533932745457]
[0.0031527390237897635]
[0.004248334094882011]
[0.5429776906967163]
[0.5344207882881165]
[0.004880848806351423]
[0.0021382218692451715]
[0.12370813637971878]
[0.009599946439266205]
[3.141941547393799]
[0.014527121558785439]
[0.0038725798949599266]
[0.2578456699848175]
[0.002050897106528282]
[0.0019874917343258858]
[0.005429835524410009]
[0.001321349642239511]
[0.006578138098120689]
[0.0034468411467969418]
[0.07287052273750305]
[0.002144791418686509]
[0.0033377327490597963]
[0.013779615052044392]
[0.0034368084743618965]
[0.11612265557050705]
[0.0014136825921013951]
[0.10742977261543274]
[0.013252027332782745]
[0.004124814178794622]
[0.0033853817731142044]
[0.0016283027362078428]
[0.08137666434049606]
[0.003430937882512808]
[0.0011877395445480943]
[0.010107201524078846]
[0.002028412651270628]
[0.003783467225730419]
[0.0020462339743971825]
[0.02276313304901123]
[0.00877838209271431]
[0.0028138544876128435]
[0.00410710321739316]
[0.0010035295272246003]
[9.185169219970703]
[0.004232797771692276]
[0.002083603059872985]
[0.051810961216688156]
[0.004156871233135462]
[0.5724562406539917]
[0.004177131224423647]
[1.5959206819534302]
[0.0044397711753845215]
[0.010024127550423145]
[0.11210989952087402]
[2.575254440307617]
[0.10703021287918091]
[0.10731285810470581]
[0.08128014206886292]
[0.004114768002182245]
[0.4309418797492981]
[0.2288495898246765]
[0.0420369878411293]
[2.7879812717437744]
[0.002917101141065359]
[0.00200689141638577]
[3.0273523330688477]
[0.015719538554549217]
[0.46440550684928894]
[0.08059456944465637]
[0.0010437432210892439]
[0.002047637477517128]
[0.3844284415245056]
[0.0875035971403122]
[1.5627694129943848]
[0.7409952282905579]
[0.2610761523246765]
[0.029601166024804115]
[1.039380669593811]
[0.013475877232849598]
[0.011730845086276531]
[0.0032973734196275473]
[0.029524989426136017]
[0.23224171996116638]
[0.0021175192669034004]
[0.07984786480665207]
[0.0017345250817015767]
[0.0026545925065875053]
[0.04599069431424141]
[0.0019628857262432575]
[0.12424619495868683]
[0.012549429200589657]
[0.0037652873434126377]
[0.003764028660953045]
[0.0026587960310280323]
[0.40258467197418213]
[0.0031602061353623867]
[0.009620088152587414]
[0.12927548587322235]
[0.0017204476753249764]
[0.00039674449362792075]
[0.03598431125283241]
[0.0037722978740930557]
[0.24982547760009766]
[0.19083023071289062]
[0.0032027435954660177]
[0.0014124904992058873]
[5.832025051116943]
[0.0016248412430286407]
[0.001798566896468401]
[0.08709782361984253]
[0.10701209306716919]
[0.0018806721782311797]
[0.003783381311222911]
[0.009311511181294918]
[0.404427170753479]
[0.5775286555290222]
[0.10692949593067169]
[0.161704882979393]
[0.002811170881614089]
[0.41702449321746826]
[0.2730262577533722]
[0.1313270628452301]
[0.02397136203944683]
[0.0019893685821443796]
[0.0038361651822924614]
[0.008848678320646286]
[0.002972098533064127]
[0.003500493476167321]
[0.30106493830680847]
[1.1466418504714966]
[0.003475179662927985]
[0.015060330741107464]
[0.014289948157966137]
[0.10679587721824646]
[0.36029404401779175]
[0.07984593510627747]
[1.1614586114883423]
[0.10674649477005005]
[0.38440898060798645]
[0.0034211669117212296]
[0.3439028859138489]
[0.0034339616540819407]
[0.05805227905511856]
[0.002620548941195011]
[0.003749509807676077]
[0.013559465296566486]
[0.37727776169776917]
[0.00629193801432848]
[0.002448695944622159]
[0.0028130621649324894]
[0.054071709513664246]
[0.06473883986473083]
[0.8354527950286865]
[0.001566948601976037]
[0.10662215203046799]
[0.07038955390453339]
[0.10660768300294876]
[0.012956583872437477]
[0.002360746031627059]
[0.3732260465621948]
[0.0029602423310279846]
[0.10933984071016312]
[1.8585638999938965]
[0.012953395955264568]
[0.10654810816049576]
[0.7006620168685913]
[0.009189162403345108]
[0.0021534154657274485]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.003726773662492633]
[0.10653714835643768]
[0.3645147383213043]
[0.00137079949490726]
[0.002504947129637003]
[0.003323431359604001]
[0.1065119206905365]
[0.0010751959634944797]
[0.0015285895206034184]
[0.0005684418720193207]
[0.1064566969871521]
[0.00363322626799345]
[0.35608264803886414]
[0.007554575800895691]
[0.0025098752230405807]
[0.022213665768504143]
[0.0010752294911071658]
[0.0018007851904258132]
[0.002906257752329111]
[0.16673852503299713]
[2.8606061935424805]
[0.057805608958005905]
[0.0014780674828216434]
[0.0035926271229982376]
[0.004963049665093422]
[0.003312460146844387]
[0.4560658633708954]
[0.07909266650676727]
[0.35073697566986084]
[0.10610786080360413]
[0.1527521014213562]
[0.09696441888809204]
[0.006168105639517307]
[0.002523604314774275]
[0.0032826047390699387]
[0.00293623935431242]
[0.10441240668296814]
[0.21434223651885986]
[0.0018743019318208098]
[0.0032680511940270662]
[2.0563089847564697]
[0.0017185279866680503]
[0.03197244182229042]
[0.045293912291526794]
[0.0024993065744638443]
[0.0017400741344317794]
[0.029453670606017113]
[0.0016644990537315607]
[0.0015021079452708364]
[0.10599682480096817]
[0.0016521757934242487]
[0.10597870498895645]
[0.0017519757384434342]
[0.007388852071017027]
[0.07893462479114532]
[0.07015352696180344]
[0.0007935792673379183]
[0.003598840208724141]
[0.042542263865470886]
[0.01322995312511921]
[0.31742560863494873]
[0.0030953092500567436]
[0.0014847357524558902]
[0.07884404063224792]
[0.10587168484926224]
[0.08001511543989182]
[0.12548339366912842]
[0.0021241814829409122]
[0.0036621529143303633]
[0.27421483397483826]
[0.0011990901548415422]
[0.008915895596146584]
[0.07862062752246857]
[0.03137762472033501]
[0.1058482751250267]
[0.01146639697253704]
[0.0032855335157364607]
[0.08811435848474503]
[0.07846757769584656]
[0.0016979273641481996]
[0.6819114089012146]
[0.08816292881965637]
[0.04077044501900673]
[0.0015395692316815257]
[0.278994619846344]
[3.295764446258545]
[0.31443676352500916]
[0.0007695619715377688]
[0.10579389333724976]
[0.013220066204667091]
[0.07814409583806992]
[4.176354885101318]
[0.0009240601793862879]
[0.07808033376932144]
[0.003603197867050767]
[0.933230459690094]
[0.3687170445919037]
[0.06257359683513641]
[0.0033095998223870993]
[0.150257408618927]
[0.10574708878993988]
[0.018588069826364517]
[0.003606699639931321]
[0.013776296749711037]
[0.1057233214378357]
[0.0036193898413330317]
[0.06963660567998886]
[0.10568124055862427]
[0.028608808293938637]
[3.0167245864868164]
[0.021307360380887985]
[0.0014574389206245542]
[0.012812227942049503]
[0.0016177925281226635]
[0.0014844457618892193]
[0.01401513535529375]
[0.07791266590356827]
[0.07788939774036407]
[0.002879377920180559]
[0.40347668528556824]
[0.023056956008076668]
[0.03522118180990219]
[0.2208164781332016]
[0.008485261350870132]
[0.003302590921521187]
[0.001786550274118781]
[0.0014689263189211488]
[0.0016001805197447538]
[0.004316759295761585]
[0.33637043833732605]
[0.32020360231399536]
[0.31795579195022583]
[0.00813865102827549]
[0.10565284639596939]
[0.12236408144235611]
[0.26513391733169556]
[0.30661606788635254]
[0.2544037103652954]
[0.004696976393461227]
[0.06640464067459106]
[0.0032871467992663383]
[0.011328587308526039]
[0.07768576592206955]
[0.0014313417486846447]
[0.0015825191512703896]
[0.003266544546931982]
[0.003619837574660778]
[0.001591590465977788]
[0.2254990190267563]
[0.005710661876946688]
[0.07766459137201309]
[0.22961364686489105]
[0.24507679045200348]
[0.014695843681693077]
[0.0029526962898671627]
[0.0016307076439261436]
[0.001717860228382051]
[0.002576537197455764]
[0.10560562461614609]
[0.0015166185330599546]
[0.003288580570369959]
[0.01686263270676136]
[0.9108318090438843]
[0.012064825743436813]
[0.014017095789313316]
[0.12987837195396423]
[0.0029495665803551674]
[0.00147213414311409]
[0.030545523390173912]
[0.10558950155973434]
[0.10558030009269714]
[0.2702081799507141]
[0.0011865932028740644]
[0.008291896432638168]
[0.0036552143283188343]
[0.0014667551731690764]
[0.0029530071187764406]
[0.0017338029574602842]
[0.012641179375350475]
[0.3432292938232422]
[2.3820695877075195]
[0.002548155141994357]
[0.4080280363559723]
[0.0033041497226804495]
[1.4664006233215332]
[0.04450024664402008]
[0.1054638922214508]
[0.00364443426951766]
[0.1034218892455101]
[0.1053834930062294]
[0.06604811549186707]
[0.03985793888568878]
[0.003777641337364912]
[0.31100356578826904]
[0.0034046629443764687]
[0.1052580326795578]
[0.0359404981136322]
[0.3139643371105194]
[0.003666573204100132]
[0.5935392379760742]
[0.0025563526432961226]
[0.012789330445230007]
[0.4939090609550476]
[0.004839923698455095]
[0.012615119107067585]
[0.24235130846500397]
[0.0015479758149012923]
[0.0033492199145257473]
[0.007143071386963129]
[0.058430567383766174]
[0.008178971707820892]
[0.24902208149433136]
[0.10509070754051208]
[0.10508126020431519]
[0.09169629216194153]
[0.0030290198046714067]
[0.016689468175172806]
[0.003412374760955572]
[0.006110463757067919]
[0.0008696450386196375]
[0.046354781836271286]
[0.443503201007843]
[0.012425375171005726]
[0.07819070667028427]
[0.00170235859695822]
[0.10469207167625427]
[0.0015689181163907051]
[0.16023021936416626]
[0.17551185190677643]
[0.10494403541088104]
[0.012681663036346436]
[0.0030350135639309883]
[0.001752129290252924]
[0.017986230552196503]
[0.0021085503976792097]
[0.0033832737244665623]
[0.007907833904027939]
[0.0018352933693677187]
[0.0021799735259264708]
[0.0010837903246283531]
[0.014173438772559166]
[0.10452880710363388]
[0.024257522076368332]
[0.001505332998931408]
[0.0023386061657220125]
[0.10475941002368927]
[0.00680366437882185]
[0.17110423743724823]
[0.07823352515697479]
[0.002135320333763957]
[0.03997981920838356]
[0.014510797336697578]
[0.00395059771835804]
[0.011431983672082424]
[0.004787111654877663]
[0.10469674319028854]
[0.3442021310329437]
[0.0028874874114990234]
[0.3189122974872589]
[0.0018069915240630507]
[0.10466411709785461]
[0.006516909692436457]
[0.0015039985300973058]
[0.10462545603513718]
[0.008671242743730545]
[0.10458257794380188]
[0.0034943646751344204]
[0.009047010913491249]
[0.001658617751672864]
[0.007155885919928551]
[0.0013829086674377322]
[0.7854176163673401]
[0.0033665925730019808]
[0.0029784284997731447]
[2.017989158630371]
[0.013608235865831375]
[0.0025154617615044117]
[0.018667802214622498]
[0.43856894969940186]
[0.008112497627735138]
[0.47153061628341675]
[0.03507247567176819]
[0.0036146757192909718]
[0.01791408099234104]
[0.023783430457115173]
[0.0015574744902551174]
[0.054345812648534775]
[0.014681446366012096]
[0.002639934653416276]
[0.0015225486131384969]
[0.09929976612329483]
[0.0032995427027344704]
[0.0014871640596538782]
[0.0023633830714970827]
[1.3847668170928955]
[0.0025048318784683943]
[0.028453025966882706]
[0.008445212617516518]
[0.003300416748970747]
[0.1709367334842682]
[0.003313992405310273]
[0.01658868044614792]
[0.1047377809882164]
[0.003350782673805952]
[0.0017559054540470243]
[0.4026983976364136]
[0.10541239380836487]
[0.20897136628627777]
[0.026287786662578583]
[0.0913454219698906]
[0.0016287665348500013]
[0.0539180226624012]
[0.00018523640756029636]
[0.104745052754879]
[0.0015945598715916276]
[0.028096269816160202]
[0.19906894862651825]
[0.005642052739858627]
[0.37357062101364136]
[0.0001588834129506722]
[0.003868620377033949]
[0.1047278344631195]
[0.2502357065677643]
[0.1486547589302063]
[0.008105394430458546]
[0.24081291258335114]
[0.0015725125558674335]
[0.12547940015792847]
[0.0006588707910850644]
[0.0034395172260701656]
[0.0017715427093207836]
[0.004965795669704676]
[0.003034456167370081]
[0.0015532298712059855]
[0.009381485171616077]
[0.0018068925710394979]
[0.0017082447884604335]
[0.012492642737925053]
[0.0016446508234366775]
[0.007846778258681297]
[0.02606898359954357]
[0.0015248081181198359]
[0.41538771986961365]
[0.0016574155306443572]
[0.08484388142824173]
[0.0006359872058965266]
[0.0026712187100201845]
[0.8796863555908203]
[0.23223794996738434]
[0.00375999859534204]
[0.003043451113626361]
[0.0037718855310231447]
[0.0016581346280872822]
[0.0205759909003973]
[0.17442737519741058]
[0.10486455261707306]
[0.0009669954306446016]
[0.1048564612865448]
[0.0017031017923727632]
[0.09807267785072327]
[0.10481663793325424]
[0.22713905572891235]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0016858448507264256]
[0.392160564661026]
[0.2848683297634125]
[0.0016480308258906007]
[0.0695326179265976]
[0.18071526288986206]
[0.0024321889504790306]
[0.003091192338615656]
[0.07873061299324036]
[0.003100855741649866]
[0.001551707973703742]
[0.23016390204429626]
[0.10477488487958908]
[0.005025798454880714]
[0.0016934247687458992]
[0.0016834266716614366]
[0.005006256513297558]
[0.002075736178085208]
[0.04461618885397911]
[0.06391441076993942]
[0.0018625030061230063]
[0.0016862457850947976]
[0.07789937406778336]
[0.012887729331851006]
[0.07857001572847366]
[0.10472363233566284]
[0.17558477818965912]
[0.00495699979364872]
[0.1202862486243248]
[0.1102973148226738]
[0.0018653060542419553]
[0.1046944335103035]
[0.012309001758694649]
[0.0027671128045767546]
[0.10141216218471527]
[1.4793936014175415]
[0.025639161467552185]
[0.05900372937321663]
[0.2824925482273102]
[0.002756736008450389]
[0.000505311181768775]
[0.2727369964122772]
[0.10464232414960861]
[0.0035174821969121695]
[0.15623128414154053]
[0.003576897317543626]
[0.11641515046358109]
[0.013522332534193993]
[0.0032406083773821592]
[0.0038796323351562023]
[0.0017056245123967528]
[1.622604250907898]
[0.18086141347885132]
[0.01264082919806242]
[0.0027796754147857428]
[0.010268893092870712]
[0.1227632686495781]
[0.0027603975031524897]
[0.004186852369457483]
[0.017757004126906395]
[0.17261795699596405]
[0.007193413563072681]
[0.3115161657333374]
[0.00525610102340579]
[0.3114311695098877]
[0.027171066030859947]
[0.013368530198931694]
[0.0077645243145525455]
[0.0031669391319155693]
[0.5143787860870361]
[0.06387126445770264]
[0.03179178386926651]
[0.02239002287387848]
[0.0014317161403596401]
[0.15971849858760834]
[0.0032503530383110046]
[0.10465937852859497]
[0.22423921525478363]
[0.10462171584367752]
[0.05316591635346413]
[0.003378767054527998]
[0.0026369555853307247]
[0.0024901290889829397]
[0.10446998476982117]
[0.002424545818939805]
[0.13253594934940338]
[0.003440273692831397]
[0.0009591079433448613]
[0.034474149346351624]
[0.0008398139616474509]
[0.027427317574620247]
[0.1042652502655983]
[0.00688207009807229]
[0.1042134016752243]
[0.003410294884815812]
[0.0015845565358176827]
[0.008593500591814518]
[0.10409200936555862]
[0.0017389861168339849]
[0.012331660836935043]
[0.0005028852028772235]
[0.10397075861692429]
[0.0015327896689996123]
[0.0026033094618469477]
[0.005882656667381525]
[0.0016014081193134189]
[0.0008572422084398568]
[0.3159240484237671]
[0.20078957080841064]
[0.02755635790526867]
[0.3449104428291321]
[0.0032861523795872927]
[0.0004033292061649263]
[0.0032817041501402855]
[0.028481634333729744]
[0.07838403433561325]
[0.13060377538204193]
[0.0032831046264618635]
[0.00330380629748106]
[0.01112421229481697]
[0.011444652453064919]
[0.003594944253563881]
[0.001759215840138495]
[0.07497185468673706]
[0.04509569704532623]
[0.2595787048339844]
[0.001630844664759934]
[0.0011000008089467883]
[0.08700674772262573]
[0.07827858626842499]
[0.0036071306094527245]
[0.003299712436273694]
[0.4590013027191162]
[0.08234447240829468]
[0.020785724744200706]
[0.09380953013896942]
[0.0005085805896669626]
[0.10370081663131714]
[0.033058181405067444]
[0.0032598685938864946]
[0.0022979758214205503]
[0.002109902910888195]
[0.002535097301006317]
[0.10365723818540573]
[0.0019511410500854254]
[0.002908761613070965]
[0.07849428802728653]
[0.005796645302325487]
[0.24371320009231567]
[0.15427350997924805]
[0.43811866641044617]
[0.0028815341647714376]
[0.0013638788368552923]
[0.0026165489107370377]
[0.005951273255050182]
[0.0032556261867284775]
[0.0860208049416542]
[0.11694451421499252]
[0.0016622432740405202]
[0.27162426710128784]
[0.0037635816261172295]
[0.0035784009378403425]
[0.09252690523862839]
[0.20471054315567017]
[0.005924763157963753]
[0.0013870862312614918]
[0.004047210793942213]
[0.008126992732286453]
[0.003757644910365343]
[0.06401939690113068]
[0.001671833684667945]
[0.0009855256648734212]
[0.1036144271492958]
[0.003609201405197382]
[0.012605798430740833]
[0.10355088859796524]
[0.06778322905302048]
[0.0016169775044545531]
[0.002658634213730693]
[0.004986113402992487]
[0.00036288535920903087]
[0.10345825552940369]
[0.0029094121418893337]
[0.002491909312084317]
[0.09961597621440887]
[0.10337543487548828]
[0.11134753376245499]
[0.0016908247489482164]
[0.5282240509986877]
[0.006565751973539591]
[0.0004891592543572187]
[0.08107062429189682]
[0.07844407856464386]
[0.0035083102993667126]
[0.0005368099664337933]
[0.23220033943653107]
[0.000979058793745935]
[0.013313058763742447]
[0.10323238372802734]
[0.0017638045828789473]
[0.09890410304069519]
[0.032110653817653656]
[0.28937777876853943]
[0.06199604645371437]
[0.0006626371759921312]
[0.0005283074569888413]
[0.168785959482193]
[0.0019612309988588095]
[0.11062067747116089]
[0.1739189177751541]
[0.014216771349310875]
[0.017261480912566185]
[0.011178381741046906]
[0.1529335081577301]
[0.028551572933793068]
[0.001659861532971263]
[0.10320066660642624]
[0.0017600066494196653]
[0.0025322744622826576]
[0.0032116160728037357]
[0.002579282270744443]
[0.004784685559570789]
[0.0035057454369962215]
[0.005199678707867861]
[0.05989109352231026]
[0.004683696199208498]
[1.0352815389633179]
[0.0005686371587216854]
[0.10759495943784714]
[0.10309170931577682]
[0.00973215140402317]
[0.0017069365130737424]
[0.014406566508114338]
[0.14288972318172455]
[0.2640937566757202]
[0.1300373524427414]
[1.4637384414672852]
[0.003194640390574932]
[3.187838554382324]
[0.22703911364078522]
[0.13736318051815033]
[0.003513132920488715]
[0.07822231948375702]
[0.0018060512375086546]
[0.0032228983473032713]
[0.0018528891960158944]
[0.008588021621108055]
[0.0031985691748559475]
[0.06330717355012894]
[0.001909344457089901]
[0.0019190150778740644]
[0.0027461317367851734]
[0.0032144479919224977]
[0.004359310958534479]
[0.3674105107784271]
[0.0051911212503910065]
[0.11638490855693817]
[0.002378741279244423]
[0.0032007843255996704]
[0.0037504308857023716]
[0.11670639365911484]
[0.012214689515531063]
[0.0019243019632995129]
[0.004599816631525755]
[0.0036748694255948067]
[0.0045354412868618965]
[0.10295461863279343]
[0.025660427287220955]
[0.27879369258880615]
[0.10291825234889984]
[1.2024592161178589]
[0.11788016557693481]
[0.06924418359994888]
[0.054544467478990555]
[0.03369220346212387]
[0.008934208191931248]
[0.1800747513771057]
[0.06355718523263931]
[0.041447047144174576]
[0.08283424377441406]
[0.026745053008198738]
[0.05987381935119629]
[0.07407931238412857]
[0.017148131504654884]
[0.012169113382697105]
[0.12693892419338226]
[0.07802002131938934]
[0.10282185673713684]
[0.3339824974536896]
[0.00346709368750453]
[0.9972768425941467]
[0.10280587524175644]
[0.000985841266810894]
[0.0017805941170081496]
[0.0020520915277302265]
[0.10276437550783157]
[0.002495835768058896]
[0.6544367074966431]
[0.03950389847159386]
[0.14953866600990295]
[0.020979469642043114]
[0.02222873456776142]
[0.14076003432273865]
[0.03403355926275253]
[0.10570450127124786]
[0.003430314129218459]
[0.03105873055756092]
[0.022305022925138474]
[0.35643595457077026]
[0.0007878419128246605]
[0.0031320652924478054]
[0.03828056529164314]
[72.1458740234375]
[0.015328810550272465]
[0.006242750678211451]
[2.023585557937622]
[0.7060069441795349]
[0.0031064206268638372]
[0.10230401158332825]
[0.006140494719147682]
[0.0017851847223937511]
[0.009454943239688873]
[0.001867038430646062]
[0.0030877471435815096]
[0.04938564449548721]
[0.0023104571737349033]
[0.020703619346022606]
[0.004853138700127602]
[0.0031168886926025152]
[0.1019410490989685]
[0.10191093385219574]
[0.0031115051824599504]
[0.00591706857085228]
[0.0016211038455367088]
[0.27627021074295044]
[0.003060983493924141]
[0.14788755774497986]
[0.0033779838122427464]
[0.0012067314237356186]
[0.025603018701076508]
[0.07225845009088516]
[0.04186549782752991]
[0.10163284093141556]
[0.004512160550802946]
[0.001797013683244586]
[0.07790719717741013]
[0.05044158548116684]
[0.08456794917583466]
[0.002373924246057868]
[0.0023921700194478035]
[0.002716437913477421]
[0.0033201901242136955]
[0.39121153950691223]
[0.08083805441856384]
[0.0027130653616040945]
[0.013269895687699318]
[0.0017262507462874055]
[0.0027205785736441612]
[0.001610314124263823]
[0.07783278822898865]
[0.0036383471451699734]
[0.04943357780575752]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created

[0.22994114458560944]
[0.10143470019102097]
[0.0017526962328702211]
[0.2603277564048767]
[0.047888655215501785]
[0.10138553380966187]
[0.0035637393593788147]
[0.0015644817613065243]
[0.002959362929686904]
[6.020432949066162]
[0.07365844398736954]
[0.25635668635368347]
[0.1012716218829155]
[0.001963558606803417]
[0.002553593832999468]
[1.3212677240371704]
[0.10120272636413574]
[0.1011560931801796]
[0.4926997721195221]
[0.003243605839088559]
[0.002183269476518035]
[0.0016447055386379361]
[0.001832840614952147]
[0.0025331475771963596]
[0.0035476437769830227]
[0.015880124643445015]
[0.024419495835900307]
[0.3126195967197418]
[0.10081508010625839]
[0.00902348943054676]
[0.10077021270990372]
[0.0729851946234703]
[0.021815095096826553]
[0.0021542126778513193]
[0.0891086608171463]
[0.002786888973787427]
[0.0021218459587544203]
[0.0025957792531698942]
[0.1535985916852951]
[0.10059679299592972]
[0.25660762190818787]
[0.004619961604475975]
[0.3652144968509674]
[0.002571634016931057]
[0.07801634073257446]
[0.003064592368900776]
[0.00247972528450191]
[0.01480239350348711]
[0.02536682039499283]
[0.09136547893285751]
[0.11885125935077667]
[0.0007587659638375044]
[0.10053274035453796]
[0.011656880378723145]
[0.11228719353675842]
[0.25975483655929565]
[0.12318315356969833]
[0.08821225166320801]
[0.0025185339618474245]
[0.003486702451482415]
[0.0015943943290039897]
[0.003109884914010763]
[0.7510779500007629]
[0.01132772583514452]
[0.03959459811449051]
[0.25840938091278076]
[0.3649294674396515]
[0.1377520114183426]
[0.0016464580548927188]
[0.10059758275747299]
[0.002256373642012477]
[0.10059931874275208]
[0.10058741271495819]
[0.004181776195764542]
[0.003968019969761372]
[0.0031139864586293697]
[0.01145938877016306]
[0.07829074561595917]
[0.10046841949224472]
[0.01287425309419632]
[0.08683092892169952]
[0.0034949006512761116]
[0.0782490223646164]
[0.5242114067077637]
[0.001096768188290298]
[0.0028388788923621178]
[0.005434426013380289]
[0.10034986585378647]
[0.10033349692821503]
[0.015422960743308067]
[0.16784483194351196]
[0.023963280022144318]
[0.38787218928337097]
[0.0016713135410100222]
[0.003111905185505748]
[0.001681842957623303]
[0.10527539253234863]
[0.0019205373246222734]
[0.0030495431274175644]
[0.25555551052093506]
[0.019188683480024338]
[0.003138161962851882]
[0.10019218176603317]
[0.0017240160377696157]
[0.11600354313850403]
[0.0019677721429616213]
[0.002105523832142353]
[0.12525968253612518]
[0.0052518998272717]
[0.00896680448204279]
[0.10022074729204178]
[0.10012388974428177]
[0.10007486492395401]
[0.001914160093292594]
[0.03059472143650055]
[0.0025555973406881094]
[0.0030904498416930437]
[0.3683791756629944]
[2.9853274822235107]
[0.05091656371951103]
[0.002824390772730112]
[0.002525714924558997]
[0.0020432143937796354]
[0.08706115931272507]
[0.09965868294239044]
[0.00047607399756088853]
[0.4136892259120941]
[0.10515575110912323]
[0.09951737523078918]
[0.009894037619233131]
[0.015373584814369678]
[0.25404348969459534]
[0.04271966964006424]
[0.1577969342470169]
[0.05214725434780121]
[0.001159178907983005]
[0.0017978555988520384]
[0.22757528722286224]
[0.035706765949726105]
[0.15690015256404877]
[0.2158975601196289]
[0.0024057060945779085]
[0.009572736918926239]
[0.00218893657438457]
[0.0024690383579581976]
[0.0019200487295165658]
[0.11691749840974808]
[0.004124894272536039]
[0.0784718468785286]
[0.0016862310003489256]
[0.09934893250465393]
[0.32961976528167725]
[0.0017027270514518023]
[0.34727755188941956]
[0.21804457902908325]
[0.006218571215867996]
[0.010915404185652733]
[0.09935431182384491]
[0.2682468891143799]
[0.0018835312221199274]
[0.0006892293458804488]
[0.00183795765042305]
[0.01792982593178749]
[0.004204335622489452]
[0.0030745328404009342]
[0.017344152554869652]
[0.0008456925279460847]
[0.0036246434319764376]
[0.0018593021668493748]
[0.1302047222852707]
[0.002808530814945698]
[0.003593950066715479]
[0.32544344663619995]
[0.002578543033450842]
[0.0018922706367447972]
[0.0313081257045269]
[0.011948942206799984]
[0.07861664891242981]
[0.09936976432800293]
[0.05287935212254524]
[0.011203046888113022]
[0.32654502987861633]
[0.07973351329565048]
[0.002840460278093815]
[0.003074917709454894]
[0.0018128746887668967]
[0.003073601983487606]
[0.0017852215096354485]
[0.0019453541608527303]
[0.008783220313489437]
[0.0030980324372649193]
[0.07854210585355759]
[0.3102237582206726]
[0.002017571358010173]
[0.2920723259449005]
[0.09936486184597015]
[0.02567635476589203]
[0.000722860568203032]
[0.09894650429487228]
[0.0022425432689487934]
[0.014310491271317005]
[0.001865520142018795]
[0.09936180710792542]
[0.272826224565506]
[0.11525941640138626]
[0.09933706372976303]
[0.00187332509085536]
[0.07844406366348267]
[0.1593347042798996]
[0.005189978983253241]
[0.09927975386381149]
[0.07525733858346939]
[0.0035383510403335094]
[0.12170308828353882]
[0.08056783676147461]
[0.0030351197347044945]
[0.017600802704691887]
[0.002476650755852461]
[0.10597379505634308]
[0.07827477902173996]
[0.07737763226032257]
[0.02654627338051796]
[0.0022224632557481527]
[0.0034072427079081535]
[0.029329970479011536]
[0.11811872571706772]
[0.01219092682003975]
[0.004651530180126429]
[0.09913836419582367]
[0.5499067902565002]
[0.001835061120800674]
[0.14869098365306854]
[0.03390439227223396]
[0.0005770293064415455]
[0.0017615742981433868]
[0.0019119094358757138]
[0.002782172756269574]
[0.42855626344680786]
[0.002031131414696574]
[0.09925884008407593]
[0.0030439430847764015]
[0.003635835601016879]
[0.008798575028777122]
[0.0041280523873865604]
[0.200215682387352]
[0.0004620445834007114]
[0.0018047865014523268]
[0.0019737589173018932]
[0.002048378810286522]
[0.001863169251009822]
[0.10622245073318481]
[0.0028128954581916332]
[0.00112499191891402]
[0.09921255707740784]
[0.07805043458938599]
[0.0004935922333970666]
[0.020990462973713875]
[0.004608071409165859]
[0.002214478561654687]
[0.0021829954348504543]
[0.001397836022078991]
[0.003064733697101474]
[0.07793597877025604]
[0.0030485494062304497]
[0.07788166403770447]
[0.28875720500946045]
[0.0020430341828614473]
[0.001381807727739215]
[0.10757580399513245]
[0.00012634732411243021]
[0.0036181542091071606]
[0.0023103870917111635]
[0.0035264804027974606]
[0.07762882858514786]
[0.0001433023135177791]
[0.03185348957777023]
[0.09914703667163849]
[0.003077407833188772]
[0.09912238270044327]
[0.10630147159099579]
[0.20766378939151764]
[0.21527202427387238]
[0.13750751316547394]
[0.00168054667301476]
[0.023661136627197266]
[0.0018587518716230989]
[0.0009279999067075551]
[0.001928564626723528]
[0.07092038542032242]
[1.111832857131958]
[0.15549883246421814]
[0.012534051202237606]
[2.3026113510131836]
[0.02394520305097103]
[0.1013713926076889]
[0.05219166725873947]
[1.9151285886764526]
[0.010893608443439007]
[0.0024710348807275295]
[0.0036360290832817554]
[0.7621679902076721]
[0.6390823125839233]
[0.0004936461918987334]
[0.5233423113822937]
[0.005470468197017908]
[0.1328807920217514]
[0.0026429295539855957]
[0.0016917050816118717]
[0.004040757659822702]
[0.0016772763337939978]
[0.00285226758569479]
[0.0051885731518268585]
[0.002632168587297201]
[0.35096046328544617]
[0.0026705125346779823]
[0.0038896689657121897]
[0.10158393532037735]
[0.0482068695127964]
[0.003506178967654705]
[0.6582892537117004]
[0.0016532577574253082]
[0.07746283710002899]
[0.0020596554968506098]
[0.002628498477861285]
[0.004072828218340874]
[0.09827075898647308]
[0.05689740180969238]
[0.0017119880067184567]
[0.09823257476091385]
[0.001124499598518014]
[0.05362807214260101]
[0.07707097381353378]
[0.25125744938850403]
[0.001947750453837216]
[0.002872638637199998]
[0.011772360652685165]
[0.009657371789216995]
[0.07737050205469131]
[0.5069069862365723]
[0.006033570971339941]
[0.0019800602458417416]
[0.0022576788906008005]
[0.032596658915281296]
[0.07708672434091568]
[0.026333700865507126]
[0.0044875056482851505]
[0.0023158083204180002]
[0.18398065865039825]
[0.0981341302394867]
[0.015625542029738426]
[0.098127081990242]
[0.09811322391033173]
[0.005783187225461006]
[0.0026137488894164562]
[0.0028988204430788755]
[0.003304408397525549]
[1.0199772119522095]
[0.0023218796122819185]
[0.002065802225843072]
[0.006560730282217264]
[0.006654196418821812]
[0.004320492036640644]
[0.011886293068528175]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.00024499004939571023]
[0.07675261795520782]
[0.10435614734888077]
[0.009473313577473164]
[0.0024296059273183346]
[0.0038437515031546354]
[0.0027743184473365545]
[0.0017035738565027714]
[0.0029334460850805044]
[0.05339634791016579]
[0.003939591348171234]
[0.0015978956362232566]
[0.0017482730327174067]
[0.011972145177423954]
[0.7545786499977112]
[0.005415718536823988]
[0.005021713208407164]
[0.002656800439581275]
[0.0026223426684737206]
[0.034674376249313354]
[0.0026569091714918613]
[0.002656144555658102]
[0.06690030544996262]
[0.0016359419096261263]
[0.011811472475528717]
[0.036460209637880325]
[0.17092888057231903]
[0.002349215792492032]
[0.003522364189848304]
[0.0011422081151977181]
[0.004492186009883881]
[0.0020604743622243404]
[0.10348408669233322]
[0.09808202087879181]
[0.03505425527691841]
[0.09806812554597855]
[0.021556967869400978]
[0.11630278825759888]
[0.002875484758988023]
[5.8689775466918945]
[0.002344345673918724]
[0.01632547937333584]
[0.010011289268732071]
[0.00126729067414999]
[0.01047466043382883]
[0.34957069158554077]
[0.21877634525299072]
[0.01430145651102066]
[0.011677592061460018]
[0.00262067886069417]
[0.0020326548255980015]
[0.008828513324260712]
[0.07704079896211624]
[0.0011074008652940392]
[0.002886621281504631]
[0.09893185645341873]
[0.12364687025547028]
[0.009099992923438549]
[0.002442230936139822]
[0.0017345476662740111]
[0.1850246787071228]
[0.005517312325537205]
[0.0017887875437736511]
[0.0017539005493745208]
[0.0015740942908450961]
[0.01762402057647705]
[0.001861406140960753]
[0.0023502265103161335]
[0.00181670265737921]
[0.021513910964131355]
[0.09007763862609863]
[0.0039602178148925304]
[0.09825288504362106]
[0.07945519685745239]
[0.07679738849401474]
[0.038174692541360855]
[0.003514171577990055]
[0.002789199585095048]
[0.012630615383386612]
[0.10124816000461578]
[0.09822659194469452]
[0.37236419320106506]
[0.0031670555472373962]
[0.0020500284153968096]
[0.012695697136223316]
[0.0029049692675471306]
[0.0015887635527178645]
[0.008900854736566544]
[3.9690451622009277]
[0.07658768445253372]
[0.13800568878650665]
[0.002032088115811348]
[0.007415220607072115]
[0.0023555040825158358]
[0.0434771403670311]
[0.001647423836402595]
[0.014122702181339264]
[0.0016273841029033065]
[0.07765283435583115]
[0.0015104870544746518]
[0.17139078676700592]
[0.2275122106075287]
[0.11337195336818695]
[0.09844719618558884]
[0.0015852850629016757]
[0.20509451627731323]
[0.09846369922161102]
[0.07648283988237381]
[0.008017239160835743]
[0.07508982717990875]
[3.247617721557617]
[0.029495323076844215]
[0.09851758927106857]
[0.001695048762485385]
[0.021910781040787697]
[0.07650741189718246]
[0.0035498684737831354]
[0.0036416046787053347]
[0.0024627698585391045]
[0.003041985910385847]
[0.0032061440870165825]
[0.043580204248428345]
[0.0018014675006270409]
[0.0016248970059677958]
[3.36212158203125]
[0.0035160640254616737]
[0.0021607617381960154]
[0.018267447128891945]
[0.0008074053330346942]
[0.0015293078031390905]
[0.0019732904620468616]
[0.09857626259326935]
[0.09856027364730835]
[0.20287607610225677]
[431.67950439453125]
[0.038503650575876236]
[0.0024758856743574142]
[0.037740662693977356]
[0.30697619915008545]
[0.006194827612489462]
[0.10407557338476181]
[0.08552055060863495]
[0.00330685474909842]
[0.021340172737836838]
[0.0027047821786254644]
[0.479638010263443]
[0.005693128332495689]
[0.09967368096113205]
[0.01805947721004486]
[0.20512820780277252]
[0.5610461235046387]
[0.6392361521720886]
[0.005847807042300701]
[0.00883568450808525]
[0.07397966831922531]
[0.0035217113327234983]
[0.002223734278231859]
[0.10293929278850555]
[0.0023187079932540655]
[0.001748940791003406]
[0.09989170730113983]
[0.1690184772014618]
[0.003299861215054989]
[0.00218077190220356]
[0.0029921955429017544]
[0.23058678209781647]
[0.014001348055899143]
[0.1262146532535553]
[0.03915620967745781]
[0.017189666628837585]
[0.011360620148479939]
[0.002172427950426936]
[0.07746149599552155]
[0.014604007825255394]
[0.002215862274169922]
[0.013510649092495441]
[0.0032653226517140865]
[0.09984511137008667]
[0.09983079880475998]
[0.009173962287604809]
[0.002106813248246908]
[0.004642957355827093]
[0.028415877372026443]
[0.018706589937210083]
[0.0038299146108329296]
[0.0020711503457278013]
[0.002974335802718997]
[0.0020336993038654327]
[0.34752339124679565]
[0.20497247576713562]
[0.002671774011105299]
[0.0029250425286591053]
[30.465970993041992]
[0.12793849408626556]
[0.5017523765563965]
[0.19632287323474884]
[0.0030949891079217196]
[0.09939996898174286]
[0.038829974830150604]
[0.022536149248480797]
[0.055838171392679214]
[0.002027900191023946]
[0.09923417866230011]
[0.041360750794410706]
[0.0032821171917021275]
[0.0019239949760958552]
[0.004350252915173769]
[0.015275119803845882]
[0.0018781054532155395]
[0.0018147709779441357]
[0.014194109477102757]
[0.013049416244029999]
[0.09901775419712067]
[0.002673219656571746]
[0.004092928022146225]
[0.13682673871517181]
[0.1603347212076187]
[0.0029182888101786375]
[0.22151212394237518]
[0.00977173913270235]
[0.002890312345698476]
[0.003173922188580036]
[0.0026195307727903128]
[0.012580948881804943]
[0.014594489708542824]
[0.002537799533456564]
[0.015975460410118103]
[0.0017660604789853096]
[0.0017880733357742429]
[0.0028036623261868954]
[0.002604741370305419]
[0.13248968124389648]
[0.0018836515955626965]
[0.0020209308713674545]
[0.0028869956731796265]
[0.09881483018398285]
[0.003134650643914938]
[0.0021895207464694977]
[0.1009773463010788]
[0.0019189182203263044]
[0.001975105842575431]
[0.3709881901741028]
[0.008947581052780151]
[0.0987362191081047]
[0.0033842611592262983]
[0.0055547296069562435]
[0.15925927460193634]
[0.13504818081855774]
[0.005677688866853714]
[0.0025449665263295174]
[0.34044525027275085]
[0.17437392473220825]
[0.0768313854932785]
[0.0025900015607476234]
[0.10207640379667282]
[0.002836210187524557]
[0.09862251579761505]
[0.0030935078393667936]
[0.026826612651348114]
[0.037441980093717575]
[0.0018285666592419147]
[0.0034555860329419374]
[0.0011064775753766298]
[0.10406564921140671]
[0.0024218764156103134]
[0.0351417139172554]
[0.0025608919095247984]
[0.03633909672498703]
[0.0985284298658371]
[0.0030854642391204834]
[0.004201636184006929]
[0.12082891166210175]
[0.07385637611150742]
[0.0029030838049948215]
[0.001838553580455482]
[0.09845070540904999]
[0.06264325976371765]
[0.07667861133813858]
[0.001743809087201953]
[0.0030051579233258963]
[0.0014926153235137463]
[0.003236796474084258]
[0.028507616370916367]
[0.003049703547731042]
[0.2083611637353897]
[0.0030485086608678102]
[0.0033061960712075233]
[0.183516725897789]
[0.07657259702682495]
[0.015312404371798038]
[0.2757427394390106]
[0.2984606623649597]
[0.10392297059297562]
[0.0041084554977715015]
[0.039037615060806274]
[0.010365172289311886]
[0.0735384076833725]
[0.09319650381803513]
[0.005534782540053129]
[0.0009293904295191169]
[0.0028071897104382515]
[0.01265749055892229]
[0.015101977623999119]
[0.01735132560133934]
[0.3715100586414337]
[0.0022468850947916508]
[0.45101192593574524]
[0.5728978514671326]
[0.07649276405572891]
[0.09824327379465103]
[0.08467715978622437]
[0.0020669447258114815]
[0.0031065798830240965]
[0.0032857798505574465]
[0.07108919322490692]
[0.002793914405629039]
[0.003391076112166047]
[0.03539222106337547]
[0.042646635323762894]
[0.0017824653768911958]
[0.07505211979150772]
[0.08369080722332001]
[0.0017597638070583344]
[0.41940224170684814]
[0.008963264524936676]
[0.2648814916610718]
[0.00401493813842535]
[0.5041612386703491]
[0.10471005737781525]
[0.00193454185500741]
[0.0028131892904639244]
[0.06326782703399658]
[0.0017599448328837752]
[0.0019552800804376602]
[0.09827742725610733]
[0.0982726588845253]
[0.01615247316658497]
[5.01416015625]
[0.0020812125876545906]
[0.05067957565188408]
[0.00098645209800452]
[0.019786084070801735]
[0.002200237475335598]
[0.0705360621213913]
[0.002806039759889245]
[0.0032667305786162615]
[0.19627375900745392]
[0.15267938375473022]
[0.7762191891670227]
[0.3807074725627899]
[0.8252395391464233]
[0.005775399040430784]
[0.17973074316978455]
[0.002114176517352462]
[0.19466187059879303]
[0.010377719067037106]
[0.07675575464963913]
[0.09830856323242188]
[0.013847138732671738]
[0.03996483236551285]
[0.09831482917070389]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.14853106439113617]
[0.10415508598089218]
[0.003106440883129835]
[0.01484212651848793]
[1.9151732921600342]
[0.0018105409108102322]
[0.49059736728668213]
[0.003657699329778552]
[0.0983133539557457]
[0.09831080585718155]
[0.026090269908308983]
[0.004086851608008146]
[0.004294556565582752]
[0.07718902081251144]
[0.02279498428106308]
[0.015312050469219685]
[0.11999186873435974]
[0.2932034432888031]
[0.4008248448371887]
[0.005258660297840834]
[0.05234026536345482]
[0.008672108873724937]
[0.020267851650714874]
[0.002730093663558364]
[0.07730266451835632]
[0.057542890310287476]
[0.0020378632470965385]
[0.11655649542808533]
[0.002340787323191762]
[0.09823419898748398]
[1.1006413698196411]
[0.07728859782218933]
[0.006740519776940346]
[0.004387916997075081]
[0.020901059731841087]
[0.002215077169239521]
[0.0021771444007754326]
[0.02561044692993164]
[0.09815938025712967]
[0.16824062168598175]
[0.09812749177217484]
[0.013792276382446289]
[0.07651812583208084]
[0.06629316508769989]
[0.11535331606864929]
[0.0021277694031596184]
[0.09800216555595398]
[0.10431892424821854]
[0.002216864377260208]
[0.07498189806938171]
[0.0032779790926724672]
[0.08790852874517441]
[0.0030194949358701706]
[0.00821525789797306]
[0.002460475079715252]
[0.07938040792942047]
[0.007759785279631615]
[0.0026056794449687004]
[0.06012429669499397]
[0.0780642107129097]
[0.003084125928580761]
[0.003212161362171173]
[0.09772049635648727]
[0.07724377512931824]
[0.07722834497690201]
[0.011090564541518688]
[0.0771658718585968]
[0.08170929551124573]
[0.09763391315937042]
[0.1936524510383606]
[0.005443661008030176]
[0.0975819081068039]
[0.0020857767667621374]
[0.01171126589179039]
[0.09902982413768768]
[0.0020115782972425222]
[0.0020699009764939547]
[0.0032161243725568056]
[0.09744958579540253]
[0.060744546353816986]
[0.014894885011017323]
[0.004347315523773432]
[0.043266817927360535]
[0.0032372567802667618]
[0.0930725634098053]
[0.016174953430891037]
[0.001982905203476548]
[0.0037243650294840336]
[0.0014025504933670163]
[0.07669989764690399]
[0.002880109241232276]
[0.0028966485988348722]
[0.009111774154007435]
[0.002612128620967269]
[0.001400623470544815]
[0.09717614948749542]
[0.003326219040900469]
[0.006811186205595732]
[0.003087815595790744]
[0.00836707092821598]
[0.1511351317167282]
[0.0028351556975394487]
[0.07683327049016953]
[0.2282751500606537]
[0.059324588626623154]
[0.014679585583508015]
[0.0030881420243531466]
[0.0027204302605241537]
[0.48338156938552856]
[0.0014992064097896218]
[0.0027197254821658134]
[0.001515834010206163]
[0.09698230028152466]
[0.002293209545314312]
[0.004593545105308294]
[0.0014170774957165122]
[0.0019663358107209206]
[0.03161086514592171]
[0.0572190135717392]
[0.0968891829252243]
[0.0016632404876872897]
[0.0021675475873053074]
[0.02521633356809616]
[0.07656334340572357]
[0.05967218801379204]
[0.07443767786026001]
[0.1708395779132843]
[0.09677879512310028]
[0.07302046567201614]
[0.04741114750504494]
[0.09672790765762329]
[0.11904139816761017]
[4.9178080558776855]
[0.3473437428474426]
[0.0017081763362511992]
[0.2586672902107239]
[0.002556808525696397]
[0.07645217329263687]
[0.01141881849616766]
[0.07638685405254364]
[0.013017717748880386]
[0.001778155448846519]
[0.09470729529857635]
[0.003838062984868884]
[0.003098411951214075]
[0.09615733474493027]
[0.507315456867218]
[0.001784505438990891]
[0.026389170438051224]
[0.0023526360746473074]
[0.5422579050064087]
[0.016401510685682297]
[0.04995361715555191]
[0.00748961279168725]
[0.42354872822761536]
[0.0025413809344172478]
[0.004910001531243324]
[0.11908970773220062]
[0.0027836207300424576]
[0.0032192992512136698]
[0.0030079022981226444]
[0.09650354087352753]
[0.19267313182353973]
[0.0037260083481669426]
[0.3746306300163269]
[0.0024524969048798084]
[0.001238777069374919]
[0.3878968358039856]
[0.09192071855068207]
[0.03397521376609802]
[0.019508615136146545]
[0.002922643441706896]
[0.0963524878025055]
[0.0028558813501149416]
[0.011625243350863457]
[0.14986592531204224]
[0.0020247509237378836]
[0.014544383622705936]
[0.002903888002038002]
[0.1516452133655548]
[0.21725107729434967]
[0.019795143976807594]
[0.002521141432225704]
[0.07574617117643356]
[0.00331165106035769]
[0.09622005373239517]
[0.005320369731634855]
[0.0031308901961892843]
[0.20968708395957947]
[0.0017748576356098056]
[0.00373892136849463]
[0.002593288430944085]
[0.09605669230222702]
[0.47424373030662537]
[0.01233287900686264]
[0.17651869356632233]
[0.22538255155086517]
[0.00235912948846817]
[0.0018006031168624759]
[0.029201019555330276]
[0.0019326657056808472]
[0.005394492764025927]
[0.21428146958351135]
[3.4263272285461426]
[0.0021612613927572966]
[0.034272368997335434]
[0.2357109785079956]
[0.09568008780479431]
[0.0025282027199864388]
[0.0031600219663232565]
[0.17204231023788452]
[0.0017617628909647465]
[0.19262629747390747]
[0.0020065531134605408]
[0.0017943718703463674]
[0.021848080679774284]
[0.0027134388219565153]
[0.0019488395191729069]
[0.0029208213090896606]
[0.008023522794246674]
[0.3398001790046692]
[0.0019340881844982505]
[0.10371075570583344]
[0.09529750794172287]
[0.012545250356197357]
[0.012134114280343056]
[0.19998468458652496]
[0.1411919742822647]
[0.001875534770078957]
[0.28445133566856384]
[0.006642709486186504]
[0.3490790128707886]
[0.0024679871276021004]
[0.10355524718761444]
[0.0022983672097325325]
[0.09523728489875793]
[0.012215674854815006]
[0.002599631203338504]
[0.0020313458517193794]
[0.029385386034846306]
[0.004864949267357588]
[1.0858802795410156]
[0.09517984092235565]
[0.0019432306289672852]
[0.0022949751000851393]
[0.0025410077068954706]
[0.0037638652138412]
[0.07635120302438736]
[0.013391662389039993]
[0.002994330832734704]
[0.07633473724126816]
[0.09512148797512054]
[0.001852400484494865]
[0.009503738954663277]
[0.1092449277639389]
[0.001804167521186173]
[0.0037216544151306152]
[0.001886314945295453]
[0.008601207286119461]
[0.012145647779107094]
[0.03492347151041031]
[0.0836804211139679]
[0.002747335471212864]
[0.2021314948797226]
[0.19144973158836365]
[0.0012234030291438103]
[0.21004827320575714]
[0.09669675678014755]
[0.09494627267122269]
[0.002084055682644248]
[0.008055638521909714]
[1.0089112520217896]
[0.0037452091928571463]
[0.07606444507837296]
[0.001954668667167425]
[0.02338728867471218]
[0.0028184738475829363]
[0.038281410932540894]
[0.0462455190718174]
[0.0018235178431496024]
[0.002095686038956046]
[0.08632833510637283]
[0.004044114612042904]
[0.0019835687708109617]
[0.0020338601898401976]
[0.0028562736697494984]
[0.05004020780324936]
[0.0024307959247380495]
[0.09477793425321579]
[0.0024237146135419607]
[0.0018373556667938828]
[0.002393422881141305]
[0.0016927816905081272]
[0.052605170756578445]
[0.05026939883828163]
[0.09472038596868515]
[0.183148592710495]
[0.09469413012266159]
[0.49201899766921997]
[0.051230840384960175]
[0.2403869777917862]
[0.001419268548488617]
[0.012457029893994331]
[0.002165171317756176]
[0.002046051435172558]
[0.001694782986305654]
[0.10307210683822632]
[0.4833028316497803]
[0.10303784161806107]
[0.09461069107055664]
[0.6915016770362854]
[0.007714629638940096]
[0.002203861018642783]
[0.0007382101030088961]
[0.08425714820623398]
[0.0593264065682888]
[0.005066537298262119]
[0.0018291485030204058]
[0.09439568221569061]
[0.004356206860393286]
[0.07243679463863373]
[0.014494984410703182]
[0.011917084455490112]
[0.07611285895109177]
[0.0029249864164739847]
[0.08280201256275177]
[0.05712023377418518]
[0.0031124334782361984]
[0.19692949950695038]
[0.002631160896271467]
[0.012277090921998024]
[0.0024063782766461372]
[0.0036088561173528433]
[0.004545572213828564]
[0.2718008756637573]
[0.07196095585823059]
[0.08413339406251907]
[0.048387933522462845]
[0.011782815679907799]
[0.0017117385286837816]
[0.03373637795448303]
[0.011801199056208134]
[0.002388943452388048]
[0.0941392332315445]
[0.0037280567921698093]
[0.0023812707513570786]
[0.002827002899721265]
[0.012043893337249756]
[0.045256923884153366]
[0.002120845252647996]
[0.0016772540984675288]
[0.09405384957790375]
[0.020198658108711243]
[0.0021719946525990963]
[0.1025436595082283]
[0.24056357145309448]
[0.0019078764598816633]
[0.07606998085975647]
[0.057215526700019836]
[0.0018916841363534331]
[0.0036137911956757307]
[0.025616927072405815]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.008181068114936352]
[0.001829005079343915]
[0.0005733498255722225]
[0.09394250810146332]
[0.0017818388296291232]
[0.011476133018732071]
[0.008371636271476746]
[0.0031311127822846174]
[0.007962418720126152]
[0.0017912067705765367]
[0.01809159480035305]
[0.46705862879753113]
[0.09387383610010147]
[0.01418039295822382]
[0.004496539942920208]
[0.018040038645267487]
[0.002752233762294054]
[0.0034109505359083414]
[0.09380155801773071]
[0.0018930378137156367]
[0.0033988046925514936]
[0.007660066708922386]
[0.04154864326119423]
[0.0016436221776530147]
[0.002722569042816758]
[0.0020640194416046143]
[0.036695972084999084]
[0.1349758803844452]
[0.0022569242864847183]
[0.19290775060653687]
[0.13299192488193512]
[0.09358334541320801]
[0.4597044885158539]
[0.00383902620524168]
[0.04682257026433945]
[0.0035657119005918503]
[0.0022540525533258915]
[0.0811239555478096]
[0.002460084157064557]
[0.0020882233511656523]
[0.08429620414972305]
[0.002237356500700116]
[0.018772510811686516]
[0.07613442093133926]
[0.38572779297828674]
[0.0031634087208658457]
[0.011569413356482983]
[0.0032806070521473885]
[0.05196671187877655]
[0.009342873468995094]
[0.07606331259012222]
[0.0020063272677361965]
[0.07984378188848495]
[0.002245584037154913]
[0.0015570917166769505]
[0.0019056601449847221]
[0.0017277688020840287]
[0.0017895415658131242]
[0.0024945337790995836]
[0.13589614629745483]
[0.0018879008712247014]
[0.015842357650399208]
[0.018708771094679832]
[0.0018862193683162332]
[0.0034256470389664173]
[0.1212383359670639]
[0.09346337616443634]
[0.09345166385173798]
[0.01930682547390461]
[0.09341105818748474]
[0.0933828353881836]
[0.0022396049462258816]
[0.0016371585661545396]
[0.09328001737594604]
[0.07590726017951965]
[0.47065791487693787]
[0.0015585506334900856]
[0.0006666041444987059]
[0.0019744420424103737]
[0.05032406374812126]
[0.0010848476085811853]
[0.0036960216239094734]
[0.0015785502037033439]
[0.13092799484729767]
[0.039252303540706635]
[0.19229282438755035]
[0.0019461099291220307]
[0.1019362285733223]
[0.000872115371748805]
[0.0018182751955464482]
[0.07053107768297195]
[0.14431974291801453]
[0.0022140690125524998]
[0.05030853673815727]
[0.0010988027788698673]
[0.04888099059462547]
[0.16332434117794037]
[0.1891867220401764]
[0.0026268200017511845]
[0.26674118638038635]
[0.052556414157152176]
[0.0049367439933121204]
[0.028727129101753235]
[0.004753848072141409]
[0.002474032109603286]
[0.002260511042550206]
[0.001987963682040572]
[0.023908795788884163]
[0.09301211684942245]
[0.0024705189280211926]
[0.0016944078961387277]
[0.0732964277267456]
[0.0713806301355362]
[0.003640645183622837]
[0.10161393880844116]
[0.001701940898783505]
[0.002691461704671383]
[0.3447530269622803]
[0.0016603752737864852]
[0.6522946953773499]
[0.08041307330131531]
[0.0017764008371159434]
[0.0016128947027027607]
[0.002476282650604844]
[0.003763541579246521]
[0.012738065794110298]
[0.00983920507133007]
[0.09757062792778015]
[0.09288354218006134]
[0.0008313048165291548]
[0.06523287296295166]
[0.10134929418563843]
[0.09283430129289627]
[0.001771424664184451]
[0.057280901819467545]
[0.001950108096934855]
[0.002410611603409052]
[0.11871844530105591]
[0.0015587594825774431]
[0.06060910224914551]
[0.028617018833756447]
[0.0015872936928644776]
[0.03969045728445053]
[0.011897152289748192]
[0.01173330470919609]
[0.0032765993382781744]
[0.09266670048236847]
[0.002183514181524515]
[0.0027427258901298046]
[0.0023821834474802017]
[0.0725383460521698]
[0.0015500574372708797]
[0.0759204551577568]
[0.09256185591220856]
[0.0016700155101716518]
[0.09252292662858963]
[0.0011339939665049314]
[0.005357093643397093]
[0.08427109569311142]
[0.5833241939544678]
[0.0018825266743078828]
[0.0015494483523070812]
[0.002090320223942399]
[0.004100401885807514]
[0.028757475316524506]
[0.07277354598045349]
[0.0016242064302787185]
[0.06604869663715363]
[0.05413980782032013]
[0.3126031160354614]
[0.003759063547477126]
[0.08571210503578186]
[0.09235100448131561]
[0.008152686059474945]
[0.035228580236434937]
[0.09231515228748322]
[0.0016454580472782254]
[0.0012569458922371268]
[0.0032838894985616207]
[0.06445498764514923]
[0.0018919293070212007]
[0.0016519972123205662]
[0.09219013154506683]
[0.09852688759565353]
[0.04810130223631859]
[0.2769335210323334]
[0.0958200991153717]
[0.0008005296695046127]
[0.0018691651057451963]
[0.16876058280467987]
[0.0036744708195328712]
[0.0016330427024513483]
[0.004063257481902838]
[0.02479405887424946]
[0.002022605622187257]
[0.04342163726687431]
[0.49386000633239746]
[0.0046559167094528675]
[0.09184612333774567]
[0.001085758558474481]
[0.19578014314174652]
[0.0015993841225281358]
[0.0018585989018902183]
[0.07581052929162979]
[0.0016037827590480447]
[0.0016730965580791235]
[0.0020595984533429146]
[0.25177380442619324]
[0.01141940988600254]
[0.04569001495838165]
[0.08123312890529633]
[0.30181246995925903]
[0.002930340124294162]
[0.08454732596874237]
[0.0016205519204959273]
[0.0018333469051867723]
[0.07565440982580185]
[0.0023064417764544487]
[0.0031307137105613947]
[0.8306952118873596]
[0.0038871360011398792]
[0.1331366002559662]
[0.008517524227499962]
[0.015545403584837914]
[0.0423738993704319]
[0.0010279194684699178]
[0.0016685493756085634]
[0.05467252805829048]
[0.0023884670808911324]
[0.0015554657438769937]
[0.09172966331243515]
[0.00048307605902664363]
[0.04617059603333473]
[0.004879533778876066]
[0.007056493312120438]
[0.09169203042984009]
[0.0030090371146798134]
[0.001575940870679915]
[0.004037895705550909]
[0.008827842772006989]
[0.0464756116271019]
[0.10157762467861176]
[0.0020506992004811764]
[0.0018639916088432074]
[0.011644692160189152]
[0.05323079973459244]
[0.007922363467514515]
[0.09157905727624893]
[0.11674080044031143]
[0.09155184775590897]
[0.003509612288326025]
[0.05081199109554291]
[0.0034737689420580864]
[0.08811715245246887]
[0.00338144158013165]
[0.16611029207706451]
[0.09141874313354492]
[0.001807826105505228]
[0.04266506806015968]
[0.04650009796023369]
[0.0016556002665311098]
[0.004073988180607557]
[0.040952544659376144]
[0.09950205683708191]
[0.0016228805761784315]
[0.0035392416175454855]
[0.09717345982789993]
[0.06741300225257874]
[0.07552359253168106]
[0.003948137629777193]
[0.001875761547125876]
[0.0676562711596489]
[0.0760585144162178]
[0.0034846486523747444]
[0.0010687918402254581]
[0.0010922102956101298]
[0.3318360149860382]
[0.07546770572662354]
[0.09113094955682755]
[0.10531213134527206]
[0.05228937789797783]
[0.0021928162313997746]
[0.002229423727840185]
[0.06884891539812088]
[0.027703657746315002]
[0.09108070284128189]
[0.07536254078149796]
[0.08497032523155212]
[0.005884289741516113]
[0.0020211823284626007]
[0.0016789532965049148]
[0.01031102892011404]
[0.004581527318805456]
[0.002220329362899065]
[0.017807060852646828]
[0.04086802527308464]
[0.10109160095453262]
[0.07735709100961685]
[0.002435632748529315]
[0.0017891527386382222]
[0.005447519011795521]
[0.029524460434913635]
[0.012235688976943493]
[0.10840878635644913]
[0.0036165225319564342]
[0.09092280268669128]
[0.03821216896176338]
[0.002000139094889164]
[0.07501085102558136]
[0.0016949475975707173]
[0.0026145619340240955]
[0.0017855855403468013]
[0.0016845072386786342]
[0.05192888155579567]
[0.01951408199965954]
[0.01539963111281395]
[0.27858394384384155]
[0.040518831461668015]
[0.001779681770130992]
[0.0908052995800972]
[0.0017517398810014129]
[0.01828385517001152]
[0.07474385201931]
[0.05153576284646988]
[0.0073514957912266254]
[0.09075741469860077]
[0.07457198947668076]
[0.015749512240290642]
[0.004121045581996441]
[0.011379847303032875]
[0.001777496887370944]
[0.009538552723824978]
[0.007777034770697355]
[0.1315910965204239]
[0.026156626641750336]
[0.0015575657598674297]
[0.00328396400436759]
[0.1762353479862213]
[0.05323395878076553]
[0.08961305767297745]
[0.001980591332539916]
[0.00411724578589201]
[0.07421903312206268]
[0.002173928078263998]
[0.02040422521531582]
[0.01647086814045906]
[0.003931662533432245]
[0.0741230845451355]
[0.0015725354896858335]
[0.012576859444379807]
[0.0021761590614914894]
[0.002187656005844474]
[0.04041128605604172]
[0.0017781519563868642]
[0.07121355831623077]
[0.0011733020655810833]
[0.03993745148181915]
[0.14951476454734802]
[14.634163856506348]
[0.09126643091440201]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.004271223209798336]
[0.17416144907474518]
[0.0007047707331366837]
[0.0016918209148570895]
[0.10609514266252518]
[0.001602206495590508]
[0.0016206610016524792]
[0.03713957592844963]
[0.0903601199388504]
[0.001092915190383792]
[0.0017940315883606672]
[0.0007110810256563127]
[0.09862055629491806]
[0.04274075850844383]
[0.30983060598373413]
[0.23364141583442688]
[0.027370421215891838]
[0.0015552012482658029]
[0.013372131623327732]
[0.001728518633171916]
[0.050775714218616486]
[0.006195202004164457]
[0.04739704728126526]
[0.07489559799432755]
[0.05300488322973251]
[0.0025671867188066244]
[0.01014196127653122]
[0.0035908562131226063]
[0.0021275419276207685]
[0.003037488553673029]
[0.004164285026490688]
[0.004524867981672287]
[0.09600166231393814]
[0.001926396624185145]
[0.002059997757896781]
[0.012686642818152905]
[0.0015788302989676595]
[0.09013080596923828]
[0.020133165642619133]
[0.09010552614927292]
[0.08380678296089172]
[0.0018809529719874263]
[0.0018803344573825598]
[0.0014700607862323523]
[0.03816927596926689]
[0.07448264956474304]
[0.019487621262669563]
[0.01073139626532793]
[0.08994249999523163]
[0.00159763905685395]
[0.07146687805652618]
[0.0018347976729273796]
[0.006516766734421253]
[0.001514553907327354]
[0.0019486499950289726]
[0.0020859159994870424]
[0.07402189821004868]
[0.0026970228645950556]
[0.057362865656614304]
[0.05668594688177109]
[0.19360274076461792]
[0.0027027842588722706]
[0.0018103491747751832]
[0.04529033601284027]
[0.08683328330516815]
[0.0010966024128720164]
[0.004492450039833784]
[0.10604701936244965]
[0.0017826705006882548]
[0.0019725849851965904]
[0.002226601354777813]
[0.09693721681833267]
[0.021266646683216095]
[0.2693319022655487]
[0.14800316095352173]
[0.044901713728904724]
[0.0012349451426416636]
[0.004082187544554472]
[0.11497978121042252]
[0.0020919714588671923]
[0.001794349984265864]
[0.001397879677824676]
[0.0022781777661293745]
[0.057849787175655365]
[0.08961046487092972]
[0.08960065990686417]
[0.053582195192575455]
[0.06784206628799438]
[0.0014090128242969513]
[0.010725937783718109]
[0.049885913729667664]
[0.011625188402831554]
[0.06958147138357162]
[0.0017836425686255097]
[0.14274850487709045]
[1.5826852321624756]
[0.03776675835251808]
[0.2572169601917267]
[0.0016351090744137764]
[0.0018687520641833544]
[0.0010576960630714893]
[0.07539954781532288]
[0.0015606754459440708]
[0.5378918051719666]
[0.0555204339325428]
[0.0052188690751791]
[0.0013583807740360498]
[0.07363032549619675]
[0.04604184627532959]
[0.0010386932408437133]
[0.0025949818082153797]
[0.012230323627591133]
[0.08286751806735992]
[0.02367331087589264]
[0.2774263918399811]
[0.3704061210155487]
[0.0894479751586914]
[0.0013665950391441584]
[0.011564824730157852]
[0.008009769022464752]
[0.03548114746809006]
[0.004078441299498081]
[0.0027695337776094675]
[0.012937876395881176]
[0.0014672630932182074]
[0.0013515159953385592]
[0.0014746339293196797]
[0.0020433340687304735]
[0.0014457283541560173]
[0.08941558003425598]
[0.0019274509977549314]
[0.08380600064992905]
[0.13114182651042938]
[0.15777061879634857]
[0.07350614666938782]
[0.07330211997032166]
[0.0014487372245639563]
[0.0893704816699028]
[0.0018261315999552608]
[0.08935040235519409]
[0.0013166883727535605]
[0.06788351386785507]
[0.027610106393694878]
[0.002419603057205677]
[0.011621130630373955]
[0.07167007774114609]
[0.0638941079378128]
[0.0013587349094450474]
[0.002501759910956025]
[0.03799337148666382]
[0.0733736902475357]
[0.07335302978754044]
[0.0015051263617351651]
[0.01258245948702097]
[0.00132752675563097]
[0.007494868244975805]
[0.001829321961849928]
[0.002281192922964692]
[0.003964951727539301]
[0.08922941982746124]
[0.001761697232723236]
[0.05198247358202934]
[0.14792294800281525]
[0.5015155673027039]
[0.0015780191170051694]
[0.0017446628771722317]
[0.28447845578193665]
[0.2247094362974167]
[0.0026125991716980934]
[0.04299512878060341]
[0.07305677980184555]
[0.0026933010667562485]
[0.0015291033778339624]
[0.0011772754369303584]
[0.00425694789737463]
[0.0012849309714511037]
[0.027034737169742584]
[0.0027817601803690195]
[0.0891379565000534]
[0.0015356256626546383]
[0.01703685335814953]
[0.0035095801576972008]
[0.05219943821430206]
[0.00206335773691535]
[0.10707185417413712]
[0.08907751739025116]
[0.042234525084495544]
[0.061658624559640884]
[0.0019008489325642586]
[0.06093476340174675]
[0.0020883134566247463]
[0.0015621519414708018]
[0.002067035296931863]
[0.002658848650753498]
[0.0993356704711914]
[0.047795314341783524]
[0.29059159755706787]
[0.0473613403737545]
[0.05414891615509987]
[0.11804471909999847]
[0.010330460965633392]
[0.2775231599807739]
[0.0013254210352897644]
[1.0795329809188843]
[0.0035143226850777864]
[0.0014498791424557567]
[0.0016929832054302096]
[0.002108741784468293]
[0.0014607241610065103]
[0.21290284395217896]
[0.015764297917485237]
[0.005968002136796713]
[0.0009605041705071926]
[0.07312395423650742]
[0.0018666534451767802]
[0.002347736619412899]
[0.13956423103809357]
[0.23820003867149353]
[0.0010912111029028893]
[0.0016754789976403117]
[0.08126290142536163]
[0.017607085406780243]
[0.003326542442664504]
[0.007712626829743385]
[0.001426385366357863]
[0.29919737577438354]
[0.0072945053689181805]
[0.0021801069378852844]
[0.0019908458925783634]
[0.0014270116807892919]
[0.001838467549532652]
[0.0065680379047989845]
[0.004065637476742268]
[0.09764143079519272]
[0.011891727335751057]
[0.3871119022369385]
[0.0010152150643989444]
[0.0014512576162815094]
[0.0018047812627628446]
[0.0014866212150081992]
[0.0019843080081045628]
[0.01400053407996893]
[0.009801113978028297]
[0.0036049913614988327]
[0.012247532606124878]
[0.15610791742801666]
[0.015447117388248444]
[0.07295746356248856]
[0.04806238040328026]
[0.09825761616230011]
[0.0017133690416812897]
[0.0007578285876661539]
[0.0032301258761435747]
[0.07285457849502563]
[0.24344629049301147]
[0.19499348104000092]
[0.018344007432460785]
[0.0018865977181121707]
[0.07757171243429184]
[0.07272899895906448]
[0.029934687539935112]
[0.003722499357536435]
[0.0029946542344987392]
[0.0014179821591824293]
[0.0010024814400821924]
[0.08925776183605194]
[0.24066822230815887]
[0.0014883260009810328]
[0.011334370821714401]
[0.07252737134695053]
[0.0016452133422717452]
[0.002594269812107086]
[0.007233894430100918]
[0.0724419355392456]
[0.09885881096124649]
[0.0891968235373497]
[0.0054102009162306786]
[0.05671125277876854]
[0.05100416764616966]
[0.018598394468426704]
[0.005675568711012602]
[0.0011360960779711604]
[0.001782447681762278]
[0.0007926257094368339]
[0.05003277212381363]
[0.0014969910262152553]
[0.07223454117774963]
[0.0018110539531335235]
[0.0034439098089933395]
[0.001665193121880293]
[0.0034534228034317493]
[0.0013639007229357958]
[0.0013508339179679751]
[0.002097345655784011]
[0.0030556952115148306]
[0.08913543075323105]
[0.0013146055862307549]
[0.08910829573869705]
[0.001937479479238391]
[0.0010396320139989257]
[0.001866408041678369]
[0.14435729384422302]
[0.003099482972174883]
[0.0016455386066809297]
[0.06539173424243927]
[0.019661186262965202]
[0.04923579841852188]
[0.0030442848801612854]
[0.00922425091266632]
[0.0014084934955462813]
[0.14955784380435944]
[0.2558540403842926]
[0.0018716857302933931]
[0.0015394830843433738]
[0.04754580184817314]
[0.04293264076113701]
[0.001531100831925869]
[0.009373011067509651]
[0.052286338061094284]
[0.09682634472846985]
[0.24779167771339417]
[0.0010673926444724202]
[0.07197946310043335]
[0.001457941485568881]
[0.000633185904007405]
[0.011382900178432465]
[0.015725690871477127]
[0.0889507457613945]
[0.0017387461848556995]
[0.001882857410237193]
[0.001703166402876377]
[0.026615608483552933]
[0.001612547435797751]
[0.07181799411773682]
[0.0034494996070861816]
[0.0013264563167467713]
[0.001708554569631815]
[0.04286196827888489]
[0.08889957517385483]
[0.002612362615764141]
[0.016008352860808372]
[0.08886241167783737]
[0.04194183275103569]
[0.04268273338675499]
[0.001482362044043839]
[0.0917273610830307]
[0.04870450869202614]
[0.07105647772550583]
[0.006938399281352758]
[0.010967466048896313]
[0.077002614736557]
[0.0022592598106712103]
[0.0013124882243573666]
[0.0013052612775936723]
[1.040102481842041]
[0.0017965338192880154]
[0.08860179036855698]
[0.0020943479612469673]
[0.011719921603798866]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.018487166613340378]
[0.014970336109399796]
[0.08840712904930115]
[0.069735586643219]
[0.42094874382019043]
[0.09951600432395935]
[0.0012695096665993333]
[0.07959777116775513]
[0.0014703631168231368]
[0.2765558362007141]
[0.08819408714771271]
[0.053942903876304626]
[0.13465209305286407]
[0.10073825716972351]
[0.003719818778336048]
[0.007013704162091017]
[0.08807876706123352]
[0.41240188479423523]
[0.00142518593929708]
[0.05617409199476242]
[0.012384609319269657]
[0.0020290734246373177]
[0.001362807466648519]
[0.0014220387674868107]
[0.0024449657648801804]
[0.0019690648186951876]
[0.08792760223150253]
[0.0028167881537228823]
[0.0019432837143540382]
[0.0012080128071829677]
[0.0004089711874257773]
[0.0010816905414685607]
[0.0013704608427360654]
[0.08302731812000275]
[0.026504134759306908]
[0.4690050482749939]
[0.0026096655055880547]
[0.019771108403801918]
[0.003303206292912364]
[0.0006314778584055603]
[0.0018270164728164673]
[0.0011984910815954208]
[0.0017018415965139866]
[0.0017153795342892408]
[0.0018607622478157282]
[0.018524959683418274]
[0.00293649616651237]
[0.1222028136253357]
[0.0013760130386799574]
[0.003448327537626028]
[0.0011876760981976986]
[0.002021229360252619]
[0.04748458415269852]
[0.001597655820660293]
[0.003927562385797501]
[0.043517764657735825]
[0.08780517429113388]
[0.011444294825196266]
[0.08778656274080276]
[0.07215633988380432]
[0.0013369903899729252]
[0.095032699406147]
[0.0013395693385973573]
[0.046959735453128815]
[0.07214054465293884]
[0.06513291597366333]
[0.011420295573771]
[0.1071036085486412]
[0.0014539104886353016]
[0.001793982577510178]
[0.020656375214457512]
[0.07205354422330856]
[0.009636805392801762]
[0.050613559782505035]
[0.004012593533843756]
[0.0009891671361401677]
[0.08769623935222626]
[0.001451744930818677]
[0.011397001333534718]
[0.06337428092956543]
[0.0442269928753376]
[0.001514188596047461]
[0.005089189857244492]
[0.1170465350151062]
[0.13480105996131897]
[0.0017000447260215878]
[0.5579901337623596]
[0.0013568677240982652]
[0.011005576699972153]
[0.001588453073054552]
[0.01100106630474329]
[0.08767934143543243]
[0.04409470409154892]
[0.03947479650378227]
[0.08765163272619247]
[0.008147831074893475]
[0.08761446177959442]
[0.0388089194893837]
[0.037326961755752563]
[0.0037155833560973406]
[0.011015642434358597]
[0.158524751663208]
[0.05159749090671539]
[0.0018262263620272279]
[0.0799219161272049]
[0.0016831367975100875]
[0.08745303004980087]
[0.004075228702276945]
[0.11315692216157913]
[0.07187936455011368]
[0.04867856204509735]
[0.00405854033306241]
[0.04712629318237305]
[0.0091538205742836]
[0.0013115264009684324]
[0.0013928009429946542]
[0.0013602280523627996]
[0.0014148242771625519]
[0.007234862539917231]
[0.0034052070695906878]
[0.0022913431748747826]
[0.029301457107067108]
[0.023088155314326286]
[0.07171819359064102]
[0.03308925777673721]
[0.0873369500041008]
[0.10041342675685883]
[0.0016109768766909838]
[0.001523644314147532]
[0.2849510908126831]
[0.038579583168029785]
[0.06766647100448608]
[0.026016388088464737]
[0.1488749384880066]
[0.03822682425379753]
[0.0011582185979932547]
[1.1525009870529175]
[0.0015664357924833894]
[0.0013061112258583307]
[0.0013257224345579743]
[0.04006024822592735]
[0.0033615105785429478]
[0.2049625813961029]
[0.027853479608893394]
[0.06481742113828659]
[0.06967705488204956]
[0.36385858058929443]
[0.0016054866136983037]
[0.0015708699356764555]
[0.045601390302181244]
[0.0011775684542953968]
[0.003579785581678152]
[0.0018041898729279637]
[0.0017599181737750769]
[0.0486004576086998]
[0.0031468369998037815]
[0.08734441548585892]
[0.0013674156507477164]
[0.0010135560296475887]
[0.07167267054319382]
[0.0016268554609268904]
[0.042665719985961914]
[0.051484331488609314]
[0.044565167278051376]
[0.05447192117571831]
[0.015547736547887325]
[0.19719144701957703]
[0.05788593366742134]
[0.08731667697429657]
[0.1274816393852234]
[0.06541181355714798]
[0.08729059249162674]
[0.0014120127307251096]
[0.007617703638970852]
[0.06384468823671341]
[0.00234672031365335]
[0.0017886088462546468]
[0.09283237159252167]
[0.0018892284715548158]
[0.4420758783817291]
[0.0013776087434962392]
[0.04162129387259483]
[0.09100157022476196]
[0.0012890961952507496]
[0.09528128802776337]
[0.41114121675491333]
[0.0016120828222483397]
[0.07911504060029984]
[0.08756651729345322]
[0.1001843810081482]
[0.007955029606819153]
[0.3825906813144684]
[0.09403551369905472]
[0.05092687904834747]
[0.0018238738412037492]
[0.0016125594265758991]
[0.08595167845487595]
[0.02386823669075966]
[0.07331927120685577]
[0.0015529153170064092]
[0.0018004236044362187]
[0.05758155882358551]
[0.0034317108802497387]
[0.0016498765908181667]
[0.0022877282463014126]
[0.002468178980052471]
[0.3861084282398224]
[0.07780671864748001]
[0.0013799427542835474]
[0.08725617080926895]
[0.06017802283167839]
[0.08723808079957962]
[0.0011226743226870894]
[0.05397597700357437]
[0.0014690443640574813]
[0.05821991339325905]
[0.15095290541648865]
[0.0030516430269926786]
[0.08713122457265854]
[0.0011299028992652893]
[0.10100091248750687]
[0.0011993272928521037]
[0.029551777988672256]
[0.07567255198955536]
[0.0016285786405205727]
[0.0012767341686412692]
[0.0020315777510404587]
[0.0022839829325675964]
[0.08049288392066956]
[0.2726195454597473]
[0.10398474335670471]
[0.08699621260166168]
[0.010882843285799026]
[0.025488631799817085]
[0.0019047379028052092]
[0.004003209061920643]
[0.008369148708879948]
[0.0018274427857249975]
[0.09997615963220596]
[0.0013858516467735171]
[0.26892784237861633]
[0.00035944744013249874]
[0.20096439123153687]
[0.0013692178763449192]
[0.05233447626233101]
[0.03990867733955383]
[0.04145204648375511]
[0.0013104684185236692]
[0.05082518234848976]
[0.003454393707215786]
[0.003815184812992811]
[0.04481877014040947]
[0.0005660081515088677]
[0.001447782851755619]
[0.004079883918166161]
[0.059801772236824036]
[0.06123920530080795]
[0.0034362468868494034]
[0.0869070366024971]
[0.0009422521106898785]
[0.002288045361638069]
[0.033212315291166306]
[0.0016208912711590528]
[0.004384588450193405]
[0.017286932095885277]
[0.0021906860638409853]
[0.001272869878448546]
[0.0011130840284749866]
[0.0868360623717308]
[0.0013261109124869108]
[0.0868004858493805]
[0.16416913270950317]
[0.012968447059392929]
[0.0008927567396312952]
[0.002857455052435398]
[0.001532646012492478]
[0.06341739743947983]
[0.0014276372967287898]
[0.03911137208342552]
[0.08663978427648544]
[0.0015040546422824264]
[0.001097025815397501]
[0.0013364179758355021]
[0.0016279449919238687]
[0.03754403814673424]
[0.046780601143836975]
[0.00577370822429657]
[0.014581891708076]
[0.002006928902119398]
[0.08815943449735641]
[0.00106659228913486]
[0.0012211032444611192]
[0.0013939845375716686]
[0.0003891910891979933]
[0.0013052753638476133]
[0.00046128209214657545]
[0.0015549325617030263]
[0.0015432334039360285]
[0.06511924415826797]
[0.07216396182775497]
[0.08641582727432251]
[0.0013557468773797154]
[0.0021016851533204317]
[0.05349036678671837]
[0.0019427038496360183]
[0.04212338104844093]
[0.26956653594970703]
[0.12701237201690674]
[0.0032420463394373655]
[0.03511472046375275]
[0.011183476075530052]
[0.0010287393815815449]
[0.03214965760707855]
[0.6007192134857178]
[0.040589589625597]
[0.0003333929635118693]
[0.002724443096667528]
[0.29403382539749146]
[0.010327182710170746]
[0.09964599460363388]
[0.08628864586353302]
[0.04981057718396187]
[0.08626613765954971]
[0.0028344241436570883]
[0.05583092197775841]
[0.05261614918708801]
[0.0021460806019604206]
[0.001004844787530601]
[0.3260329067707062]
[0.041543301194906235]
[0.0011050393804907799]
[0.0014375954633578658]
[0.08612963557243347]
[0.001160143525339663]
[0.0010017637396231294]
[0.23824815452098846]
[0.0011463557602837682]
[0.11897707730531693]
[0.00643135653808713]
[0.09941825270652771]
[0.009469699114561081]
[0.0993533581495285]
[0.0009038901189342141]
[0.0014794116141274571]
[0.0015056644333526492]
[0.07246459275484085]
[0.11927825957536697]
[0.00030116428388282657]
[0.08115015923976898]
[0.08599378913640976]
[0.04743482545018196]
[0.0056534940376877785]
[0.11928325891494751]
[0.001185593311674893]
[0.014515519142150879]
[0.05560215562582016]
[0.0016584157710894942]
[0.0015324063133448362]
[0.08592402189970016]
[0.07240485399961472]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0006580828339792788]
[0.005506307352334261]
[0.001176664256490767]
[0.032723985612392426]
[0.001559436204843223]
[0.04313383623957634]
[0.05599626153707504]
[0.0032634977251291275]
[0.003920501098036766]
[0.0723029300570488]
[0.010882807895541191]
[0.010878238826990128]
[0.0010347712086513638]
[0.0015399893745779991]
[0.05082055553793907]
[0.03381874039769173]
[0.0026576383970677853]
[0.0011421001981943846]
[0.0013775841798633337]
[0.08583217859268188]
[0.0013739635469391942]
[0.0721917599439621]
[0.0007889936096034944]
[0.032918330281972885]
[0.0011938157258555293]
[0.08577452600002289]
[0.008070769719779491]
[0.0016489613335579634]
[0.004541577771306038]
[0.22665461897850037]
[0.010487870313227177]
[0.011311360634863377]
[0.01032291166484356]
[0.05602465569972992]
[0.001343850395642221]
[0.08075574785470963]
[0.06983382999897003]
[0.0013894806616008282]
[0.0013769289944320917]
[0.04837455600500107]
[0.06237452104687691]
[0.08888725936412811]
[0.0006884473841637373]
[0.034832026809453964]
[0.09829964488744736]
[0.03459354490041733]
[0.0013615109492093325]
[0.0015270458534359932]
[0.010491116903722286]
[0.08254658430814743]
[0.003940193448215723]
[0.0010223257122561336]
[0.035138145089149475]
[0.001184663618914783]
[0.03225475177168846]
[0.012851882725954056]
[0.0012381025590002537]
[0.0016939237248152494]
[0.03793470188975334]
[0.05206282064318657]
[0.0015440338756889105]
[0.13462205231189728]
[0.001523691462352872]
[0.0013608591398224235]
[0.0758294090628624]
[0.08558361977338791]
[0.0011748078977689147]
[0.0015393387293443084]
[0.07203821837902069]
[0.0013304814929142594]
[0.026745585724711418]
[0.014544435776770115]
[0.07200303673744202]
[0.08550011366605759]
[0.08548299968242645]
[0.009107128717005253]
[0.0015200800262391567]
[0.0006057040300220251]
[0.003882310353219509]
[0.025754012167453766]
[0.0015286481939256191]
[0.0022440559696406126]
[0.009649863466620445]
[0.0021099529694765806]
[0.001512702088803053]
[0.001130684046074748]
[0.04991832375526428]
[0.031223295256495476]
[0.010877668857574463]
[0.0018746982095763087]
[0.003212633542716503]
[0.040778059512376785]
[0.0007651208434253931]
[0.0015098287258297205]
[0.2919551134109497]
[0.001450595911592245]
[0.014637434855103493]
[0.0013326475163921714]
[0.08517442643642426]
[0.0014862662646919489]
[0.025171993300318718]
[0.08455784618854523]
[0.014648976735770702]
[0.05403946712613106]
[0.05380035564303398]
[0.002044757828116417]
[0.0014666616916656494]
[0.03775378689169884]
[0.040503159165382385]
[0.08055981993675232]
[0.027349991723895073]
[0.010592120699584484]
[0.0011264982167631388]
[0.024348802864551544]
[0.026022575795650482]
[0.03225797787308693]
[0.022625116631388664]
[0.0013488392578437924]
[0.07695479691028595]
[0.0041636088863015175]
[0.09838118404150009]
[0.0012878277339041233]
[0.0009820754639804363]
[0.0033358267974108458]
[0.0014562581200152636]
[0.0015967936487868428]
[0.5062488913536072]
[0.07904265820980072]
[0.08506946265697479]
[0.08506321907043457]
[0.27772989869117737]
[0.04220796003937721]
[0.006210650317370892]
[0.001383570721372962]
[0.009769323281943798]
[0.0719594731926918]
[0.08495032042264938]
[0.003211520379409194]
[0.04195499047636986]
[0.11584421247243881]
[0.0026313792914152145]
[0.007112112827599049]
[0.1622418463230133]
[0.0035167718306183815]
[0.014543150551617146]
[0.15528914332389832]
[0.0009712126338854432]
[0.0012582488125190139]
[0.08473492413759232]
[0.0014577284455299377]
[0.0020090369507670403]
[0.16131532192230225]
[0.0016880253097042441]
[0.22339846193790436]
[0.08461151272058487]
[0.0012165523367002606]
[0.030314946547150612]
[0.001350792357698083]
[0.0070648519322276115]
[0.001039391732774675]
[0.012158172205090523]
[0.3178976774215698]
[0.3400230407714844]
[0.0022608465515077114]
[0.016999376937747]
[0.038235969841480255]
[0.0032083296682685614]
[0.0014167357003316283]
[0.01246072631329298]
[0.24257144331932068]
[0.001568273059092462]
[0.061426568776369095]
[0.0013216043589636683]
[0.005365781020373106]
[0.0008679626043885946]
[0.001694372622296214]
[0.004454831127077341]
[0.07174380868673325]
[0.010535886511206627]
[0.050177834928035736]
[0.07168866693973541]
[0.05892012640833855]
[0.07162637263536453]
[0.05986599996685982]
[0.048882804811000824]
[0.0018701900262385607]
[0.04266796633601189]
[0.04591697081923485]
[0.12987016141414642]
[0.0012208404950797558]
[0.046156879514455795]
[0.009749475866556168]
[0.0010577638167887926]
[0.0014903395203873515]
[0.07137733697891235]
[0.15487346053123474]
[0.049960795789957047]
[0.08454062789678574]
[0.034021928906440735]
[0.3439100682735443]
[0.025415481999516487]
[0.08452845364809036]
[0.031443897634744644]
[0.005684600677341223]
[0.0014036527136340737]
[0.012274458073079586]
[0.04243571683764458]
[0.07128196209669113]
[0.03128167241811752]
[0.08442368358373642]
[0.08440156280994415]
[0.059757113456726074]
[0.002082324121147394]
[0.0017244359478354454]
[0.1726042628288269]
[0.0457175076007843]
[0.0025589766446501017]
[0.0013969879364594817]
[0.08420798927545547]
[0.0014462341787293553]
[0.07121522724628448]
[0.06561552733182907]
[0.0020308715756982565]
[0.0013794106198474765]
[0.01263771764934063]
[0.08407627791166306]
[0.08405095338821411]
[0.0840134397149086]
[0.0014039864763617516]
[0.28520187735557556]
[1.323176622390747]
[0.14396624267101288]
[0.0032308571971952915]
[0.0021725445985794067]
[0.0014843399403616786]
[0.08356259018182755]
[0.05090200528502464]
[0.0010100521612912416]
[0.0029097378719598055]
[0.014188991859555244]
[0.0026128897443413734]
[0.009314203634858131]
[0.0012783859856426716]
[0.0014687905786558986]
[0.0037394792307168245]
[0.06785755604505539]
[0.08318768441677094]
[0.09841012954711914]
[0.010278571397066116]
[0.0010738684795796871]
[0.07122459262609482]
[0.009059433825314045]
[0.017176927998661995]
[0.001245641615241766]
[0.002603105967864394]
[0.008706196211278439]
[0.027269499376416206]
[0.5120244026184082]
[0.0014667317736893892]
[0.01329530868679285]
[0.08299030363559723]
[0.0026046251878142357]
[0.10879877954721451]
[0.012989426963031292]
[0.01644730754196644]
[0.008153899572789669]
[0.07164380699396133]
[0.08293300867080688]
[0.0808480754494667]
[0.1537364423274994]
[0.0012215853203088045]
[0.0012196542229503393]
[0.001319832052104175]
[0.002099381759762764]
[0.001280626398511231]
[0.14359688758850098]
[0.15167061984539032]
[0.0820506364107132]
[0.0037226772401481867]
[7.030886173248291]
[0.011194651015102863]
[0.2564740478992462]
[0.0010838265297934413]
[0.001214804477058351]
[0.019458109512925148]
[0.00522626331076026]
[0.004362528212368488]
[0.01661907508969307]
[0.010560797527432442]
[0.0022063825745135546]
[0.3418368995189667]
[0.11577394604682922]
[0.0015309079317376018]
[0.0012436069082468748]
[0.08293791115283966]
[0.004127730615437031]
[0.05993018299341202]
[0.08291558176279068]
[0.0328667089343071]
[0.0036745809484273195]
[0.003232905175536871]
[0.0062425523065030575]
[0.04420547932386398]
[0.004538705572485924]
[0.016858022660017014]
[0.005769337993115187]
[0.1323496252298355]
[0.0450652614235878]
[0.08281461894512177]
[0.0713377445936203]
[0.0009388977778144181]
[0.045426107943058014]
[0.004998999647796154]
[0.08275089412927628]
[0.008796300739049911]
[0.08270546048879623]
[0.012122401967644691]
[0.009761787950992584]
[0.007340257987380028]
[0.06090672314167023]
[0.000930234557017684]
[0.08256266266107559]
[0.08495129644870758]
[0.01095486432313919]
[0.06291124224662781]
[0.004343964159488678]
[0.04014459252357483]
[0.1311057060956955]
[0.0011822148226201534]
[0.08242190629243851]
[0.0009141920600086451]
[0.0018600763287395239]
[0.002442796714603901]
[0.0011665445053949952]
[0.08231937140226364]
[0.0015910790534690022]
[0.09867583215236664]
[0.010336811654269695]
[0.001463256310671568]
[0.09808965027332306]
[0.08219892531633377]
[0.001465221052058041]
[0.08215531706809998]
[0.05954006686806679]
[0.07154348492622375]
[0.11112325638532639]
[0.0007994951447471976]
[0.059430450201034546]
[0.014151803217828274]
[0.08000322431325912]
[0.1756603866815567]
[0.0027149030938744545]
[0.06375198066234589]
[0.001537608215585351]
[0.07147815078496933]
[0.0015125167556107044]
[0.0601109117269516]
[0.04891088977456093]
[0.34913989901542664]
[0.00560136791318655]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0011619951110333204]
[0.06910719722509384]
[0.08191417902708054]
[0.0036062542349100113]
[0.0015731799649074674]
[0.001161931548267603]
[0.0818839743733406]
[0.004091403912752867]
[0.05157843604683876]
[0.002517310669645667]
[0.008449604734778404]
[0.0010261005954816937]
[0.0010258943075314164]
[0.08179004490375519]
[0.012317177839577198]
[0.004309316631406546]
[0.0010253434302285314]
[0.036637090146541595]
[0.00100728590041399]
[0.04774810001254082]
[0.16196489334106445]
[0.0024247518740594387]
[0.008732170797884464]
[0.07322414219379425]
[0.0017251733224838972]
[0.004125440958887339]
[0.0017230354715138674]
[0.0008771814173087478]
[0.022042138502001762]
[0.44151201844215393]
[0.04781500995159149]
[0.0014810521388426423]
[0.0006133861606940627]
[0.04635326564311981]
[1.2228035926818848]
[0.04983198270201683]
[0.07130952179431915]
[0.00454818457365036]
[0.0975559875369072]
[0.0008537356625311077]
[0.12146667391061783]
[0.0712367594242096]
[0.0015603681094944477]
[0.001250237924978137]
[0.0015530366217717528]
[0.001177868340164423]
[0.010273142717778683]
[0.06436719745397568]
[0.1993236094713211]
[0.0035281211603432894]
[0.08185318857431412]
[0.41041240096092224]
[0.08185349404811859]
[0.07110871374607086]
[0.006525925826281309]
[0.00911721307784319]
[0.00961664691567421]
[0.9793983697891235]
[0.035268865525722504]
[0.07481776177883148]
[0.04617924243211746]
[0.0818362906575203]
[0.08182698488235474]
[0.08227357268333435]
[0.003517240285873413]
[0.0019349015783518553]
[0.0010598893277347088]
[0.04504036903381348]
[0.08174476772546768]
[0.0016344599425792694]
[0.00709222536534071]
[0.001575184753164649]
[0.3324207365512848]
[0.07967958599328995]
[0.08167301118373871]
[0.08165643364191055]
[0.001492867711931467]
[0.07097430527210236]
[0.0051076640374958515]
[0.0008182722376659513]
[0.06482246518135071]
[0.11298292130231857]
[0.5705993175506592]
[0.025863295421004295]
[0.04495419189333916]
[0.08142539113759995]
[0.0010424396023154259]
[0.08133190870285034]
[0.0021504901815205812]
[0.09191687405109406]
[0.07081415504217148]
[0.10564808547496796]
[0.08115822821855545]
[0.08112461119890213]
[0.004146439954638481]
[0.11386866867542267]
[0.004132046364247799]
[0.0019296659156680107]
[0.013553640805184841]
[0.0007928947452455759]
[0.0007971528684720397]
[0.00538237439468503]
[0.08088421821594238]
[0.01957392692565918]
[0.0007941490621306002]
[0.07308226823806763]
[0.001828095642849803]
[0.008951075375080109]
[0.059719543904066086]
[0.005827396642416716]
[0.08322981745004654]
[0.0011011575115844607]
[0.0336921252310276]
[0.08075175434350967]
[0.004042618442326784]
[0.1124449148774147]
[0.17401756346225739]
[0.0009680020739324391]
[0.08107247948646545]
[0.000776097527705133]
[0.0016133281169459224]
[0.023829825222492218]
[0.012136595323681831]
[0.08373924344778061]
[0.0016943715745583177]
[0.0038239862769842148]
[0.0010815371060743928]
[0.0018710107542574406]
[0.0036575058475136757]
[0.06034190207719803]
[0.002139543415978551]
[0.0016213207272812724]
[0.05777867138385773]
[0.00923588965088129]
[0.15991243720054626]
[0.03220479562878609]
[0.017324624583125114]
[0.08081402629613876]
[0.002463672775775194]
[0.0013306625187397003]
[0.1571471393108368]
[0.014623064547777176]
[0.08082021772861481]
[0.7090911865234375]
[0.10489916801452637]
[0.02670755423605442]
[0.0034541809000074863]
[0.020027585327625275]
[0.15124261379241943]
[0.0036386826541274786]
[0.05715608224272728]
[0.05260125547647476]
[0.1493402123451233]
[0.00271665770560503]
[0.08089971542358398]
[0.003598901443183422]
[0.0746619775891304]
[0.0010739980498328805]
[0.0019081966020166874]
[0.05298714339733124]
[0.04110216721892357]
[0.04950229078531265]
[0.011484002694487572]
[0.08091156929731369]
[0.00130293401889503]
[0.07368800044059753]
[0.0015290186274796724]
[0.03606649860739708]
[0.08089442551136017]
[0.0018167776288464665]
[0.002840715926140547]
[0.0007578701479360461]
[0.0017243108013644814]
[0.014111979864537716]
[0.0009286229033023119]
[0.0016264055157080293]
[0.006933538243174553]
[0.05048725754022598]
[0.0005796492332592607]
[0.0044122315011918545]
[0.0013721655122935772]
[0.19798587262630463]
[0.0016192203620448709]
[0.08087107539176941]
[0.0007553340401500463]
[0.0010586692951619625]
[0.0009498258586972952]
[0.021839242428541183]
[0.001029469887726009]
[0.052582331001758575]
[0.0009336801012977958]
[0.06547537446022034]
[0.001634581945836544]
[0.011489625088870525]
[0.0019951844587922096]
[0.16121846437454224]
[0.05103267729282379]
[0.009945321828126907]
[0.07130671292543411]
[0.24386145174503326]
[0.05212611332535744]
[0.45887982845306396]
[0.0037720142863690853]
[0.0019359557190909982]
[0.0017870686715468764]
[0.018222061917185783]
[0.008770429529249668]
[0.0007568154251202941]
[0.01291624829173088]
[0.043814852833747864]
[0.01411750540137291]
[0.0016807353822514415]
[0.19404920935630798]
[0.0016965419054031372]
[0.03003651648759842]
[0.03737621009349823]
[0.001506705884821713]
[0.01771756261587143]
[0.005702603608369827]
[0.14158104360103607]
[0.09811153262853622]
[0.0016623539850115776]
[0.038276102393865585]
[0.04404400289058685]
[1.0724594593048096]
[0.0220700241625309]
[0.0031153999734669924]
[0.009698423556983471]
[0.06044408306479454]
[0.011368491686880589]
[0.08333761990070343]
[0.04870474338531494]
[0.11777513474225998]
[0.0010354265104979277]
[0.0009576890734024346]
[0.0068574510514736176]
[0.05556963384151459]
[0.0513371117413044]
[0.0015979778254404664]
[0.0018553902627900243]
[0.08120636641979218]
[0.0010672492207959294]
[0.0826459676027298]
[0.001409356016665697]
[0.07125942409038544]
[0.0012163851642981172]
[0.0485779233276844]
[0.0811704620718956]
[0.0007498735212720931]
[0.0017048645531758666]
[0.062394361943006516]
[0.16987091302871704]
[0.04008980095386505]
[0.0012726268032565713]
[0.03592311590909958]
[0.08106960356235504]
[0.08104772865772247]
[0.08889682590961456]
[0.03647620975971222]
[0.0007554555195383728]
[0.0010522209340706468]
[0.003994287457317114]
[0.001056221080943942]
[0.011298767291009426]
[0.06320826709270477]
[0.0008207509526982903]
[0.08082692325115204]
[0.28583836555480957]
[0.08077728003263474]
[0.09076320379972458]
[0.04041046276688576]
[0.07133622467517853]
[0.16521738469600677]
[0.008806057274341583]
[0.001831979607231915]
[0.04348272830247879]
[0.07129305601119995]
[0.0032524182461202145]
[0.02167954482138157]
[0.27250373363494873]
[0.016347451135516167]
[0.0030732739251106977]
[0.0009114261483773589]
[0.005910935346037149]
[0.1764591932296753]
[0.0014445589622482657]
[0.013480101712048054]
[0.001032990519888699]
[0.0005348236882127821]
[0.2109367698431015]
[0.004863475915044546]
[0.05093585327267647]
[0.006733459886163473]
[0.02368743158876896]
[0.14411187171936035]
[0.07269720733165741]
[0.0017000512452796102]
[0.0009143477072939277]
[0.009815719909965992]
[0.059844132512807846]
[0.07118779420852661]
[0.0042705531232059]
[0.08060711622238159]
[0.02784273400902748]
[0.09893640875816345]
[0.2651880979537964]
[0.006137955002486706]
[0.08159945160150528]
[0.0805746391415596]
[0.07112757116556168]
[0.08054542541503906]
[0.007577879820019007]
[0.0030173826962709427]
[0.11528188735246658]
[0.7994800806045532]
[0.009691841900348663]
[0.005264685023576021]
[0.07105566561222076]
[0.0015184752410277724]
[0.0007391695398837328]
[0.0009161871857941151]
[0.1379144936800003]
[0.0018121671164408326]
[0.0016518129268661141]
[0.0017234390834346414]
[0.07096010446548462]
[0.08042941987514496]
[0.07091391831636429]
[0.0017378523480147123]
[0.02714850753545761]
[0.03686210513114929]
[0.0015998758608475327]
[0.04353111609816551]
[0.0010285589378327131]
[0.021229131147265434]
[0.0035544876009225845]
[0.08040919154882431]
[0.0016516511095687747]
[0.0008266984950751066]
[0.08036782592535019]
[0.009229307994246483]
[0.0036283961962908506]
[0.0471482053399086]
[0.13582445681095123]
[0.06620941311120987]
[0.044632554054260254]
[0.06388168036937714]
[0.0007630072650499642]
[0.08021210879087448]
[0.10451607406139374]
[0.0020207036286592484]
[0.002092876471579075]
[0.001585296937264502]
[0.0019840169697999954]
[0.127589613199234]
[0.03916221112012863]
[0.0405435748398304]
[0.0008207958890125155]
[0.04550556093454361]
[0.001703862682916224]
[0.0017860642401501536]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.04923998937010765]
[0.09705692529678345]
[0.05122267082333565]
[0.08006743341684341]
[0.0036865940783172846]
[0.002051643095910549]
[0.03852595388889313]
[0.0043276222422719]
[0.0707731693983078]
[0.06993848085403442]
[0.05165503919124603]
[0.049119409173727036]
[0.0012461902806535363]
[0.07999730110168457]
[0.39084476232528687]
[0.14093045890331268]
[0.0028755413368344307]
[0.10130953043699265]
[0.004283679183572531]
[0.0010443355422466993]
[0.3863708972930908]
[0.006025834009051323]
[0.03725080564618111]
[0.07992272078990936]
[0.0017193634994328022]
[0.001590560539625585]
[0.04619717597961426]
[0.004092034418135881]
[0.009239604696631432]
[0.028824923560023308]
[0.07078170031309128]
[0.012135570868849754]
[0.06495565176010132]
[0.008108648471534252]
[0.0010363070759922266]
[0.1072600930929184]
[0.11418142914772034]
[0.007555010728538036]
[0.04295596480369568]
[0.09586453437805176]
[0.0027443692088127136]
[0.03846656158566475]
[0.009866694919764996]
[0.001034651300869882]
[0.07080155611038208]
[0.08667493611574173]
[0.03273189067840576]
[0.004129327833652496]
[0.001927639706991613]
[0.001733571756631136]
[0.0015885579632595181]
[0.004129901994019747]
[0.07990577816963196]
[0.07833289355039597]
[0.07074916362762451]
[0.0440056174993515]
[0.012418514117598534]
[0.12542158365249634]
[0.09713783115148544]
[0.0017242119647562504]
[0.006818315014243126]
[0.03010266087949276]
[0.0010646919254213572]
[0.04805244877934456]
[0.0016706676688045263]
[0.04342591390013695]
[0.0020614787936210632]
[0.12984442710876465]
[0.0007764417096041143]
[0.07051640748977661]
[0.0030691144056618214]
[0.027719959616661072]
[0.03994300588965416]
[0.009357915259897709]
[0.030507201328873634]
[0.07994790375232697]
[0.0020569548942148685]
[0.12516292929649353]
[0.0017366250976920128]
[0.0009651385480538011]
[0.0030636226292699575]
[0.022425567731261253]
[0.07041502743959427]
[0.07039730995893478]
[0.08663402497768402]
[0.07991326600313187]
[0.0016950391000136733]
[0.002204667776823044]
[0.004302057903259993]
[0.30865904688835144]
[0.0010992753086611629]
[0.0009870894718915224]
[0.01119681354612112]
[0.00181122450158]
[0.007221164647489786]
[0.008708571083843708]
[0.07987050712108612]
[0.001986767165362835]
[0.0016481369966641068]
[0.07983575016260147]
[0.07981324940919876]
[0.07022496312856674]
[0.915753960609436]
[0.00922706350684166]
[0.0034056659787893295]
[0.0016404993366450071]
[0.0016454128781333566]
[0.0011077255476266146]
[0.003068563062697649]
[0.05670715868473053]
[0.015556945465505123]
[0.0008668687660247087]
[0.37707164883613586]
[0.3696831166744232]
[0.9331443905830383]
[0.08846879750490189]
[0.06182415783405304]
[0.0007708038901910186]
[0.03150258585810661]
[0.035478245466947556]
[0.07958155125379562]
[0.057734932750463486]
[0.0448487289249897]
[0.11400164663791656]
[0.0021232005674391985]
[0.07950783520936966]
[1.2149652242660522]
[0.08127696812152863]
[0.05926670506596565]
[0.04112209007143974]
[0.0811285674571991]
[0.0008692797273397446]
[0.0023387731052935123]
[0.016854368150234222]
[0.00943421758711338]
[0.0008600045694038272]
[0.0028093704022467136]
[0.05369026958942413]
[0.07938473671674728]
[0.009758769534528255]
[0.0018671752186492085]
[0.16384153068065643]
[0.004253809340298176]
[0.0010569127043709159]
[0.0016324424650520086]
[0.0010595638304948807]
[0.0007840209291316569]
[0.013199652545154095]
[0.0008300162153318524]
[0.0792868509888649]
[0.03528035804629326]
[0.07925225794315338]
[0.07922320067882538]
[0.014048397541046143]
[0.1483282595872879]
[0.036503300070762634]
[0.006076723337173462]
[0.17874357104301453]
[0.049074139446020126]
[0.00991658866405487]
[0.035151708871126175]
[0.09704912453889847]
[0.07024875283241272]
[0.05443407595157623]
[0.000899880426004529]
[0.004228088539093733]
[0.0016574705950915813]
[0.07884878665208817]
[0.03450429067015648]
[0.009421088732779026]
[0.07880032807588577]
[0.038601819425821304]
[0.0016048094257712364]
[0.03588767722249031]
[0.11552632600069046]
[0.006270808633416891]
[0.004187155980616808]
[0.03081986866891384]
[0.0009952724212780595]
[0.07234165817499161]
[0.000795902160461992]
[0.032381340861320496]
[0.0022846562787890434]
[0.0007493730518035591]
[0.03176969662308693]
[0.032575733959674835]
[0.0571662075817585]
[0.0009871273068711162]
[0.0704515278339386]
[0.0009806981543079019]
[0.0035251241642981768]
[0.05470085144042969]
[0.0017129643820226192]
[0.002062964951619506]
[0.25239163637161255]
[0.0008846590062603354]
[0.03371041640639305]
[0.07863260060548782]
[0.0009748603333719075]
[0.027639420703053474]
[0.001186129986308515]
[0.07858918607234955]
[0.0029346116352826357]
[0.034380197525024414]
[0.0016951918369159102]
[0.0018586707301437855]
[0.0012714723125100136]
[0.0041110762394964695]
[0.04004814103245735]
[0.10206955671310425]
[0.0008637354476377368]
[0.000953885552007705]
[0.0007670659106224775]
[0.0492154024541378]
[0.015213094651699066]
[0.0007299304706975818]
[0.18788498640060425]
[0.0014872716274112463]
[0.04714012145996094]
[0.20318914949893951]
[0.001193892559967935]
[0.10332828760147095]
[0.07843602448701859]
[0.013410676270723343]
[0.0008528534090146422]
[0.07058345526456833]
[0.07053345441818237]
[0.024673299863934517]
[0.032151125371456146]
[0.667097806930542]
[0.0033558013383299112]
[0.027513928711414337]
[0.06408962607383728]
[0.07912283390760422]
[0.4056175649166107]
[0.09729776531457901]
[0.007678852882236242]
[0.028193140402436256]
[0.2839334011077881]
[0.0017743061762303114]
[0.0007577638607472181]
[0.010655940510332584]
[0.0019759912975132465]
[0.05352054908871651]
[0.009966514073312283]
[0.03350423276424408]
[0.053241342306137085]
[0.07840025424957275]
[0.0016643047565594316]
[0.0023516761139035225]
[0.008946187794208527]
[0.0038072639144957066]
[0.05405950918793678]
[0.01026687491685152]
[0.009080734103918076]
[0.058102771639823914]
[0.08936616033315659]
[0.029321832582354546]
[0.0007902698125690222]
[0.08664502203464508]
[0.0007516839541494846]
[0.01643788069486618]
[0.03424936905503273]
[0.0008571889484301209]
[0.022449519485235214]
[0.02767779864370823]
[0.07838220149278641]
[0.031367190182209015]
[0.09337630122900009]
[0.0011532665230333805]
[0.0018693343736231327]
[0.0019765407778322697]
[0.0009425503085367382]
[0.02976604923605919]
[0.0009451422956772149]
[0.07831323891878128]
[0.002555285580456257]
[0.07827825099229813]
[0.001011490705423057]
[0.0009783803252503276]
[0.001875947811640799]
[0.001462296349927783]
[0.025521978735923767]
[0.0917937308549881]
[0.09728087484836578]
[0.0037945793010294437]
[0.02928153984248638]
[0.009943295270204544]
[0.07810667157173157]
[0.0806090235710144]
[0.005065376870334148]
[0.0009154169820249081]
[0.0016252639470621943]
[0.05461283028125763]
[0.05189187452197075]
[0.002343069529160857]
[0.0018771897302940488]
[0.0038483685348182917]
[0.049688685685396194]
[0.07054605334997177]
[0.004409560468047857]
[0.0008231427054852247]
[0.0018565953942015767]
[0.02654900960624218]
[0.03421206399798393]
[0.04482657462358475]
[0.0007199117681011558]
[0.029432818293571472]
[0.07307751476764679]
[0.002034205012023449]
[0.0017230395460501313]
[0.0017216922715306282]
[0.030114948749542236]
[0.2565370202064514]
[0.0016754153184592724]
[0.009605905041098595]
[0.3143250644207001]
[0.004332507960498333]
[0.0007518887287005782]
[0.03480225056409836]
[0.004992532543838024]
[0.07805129140615463]
[0.0018835202790796757]
[0.08328898251056671]
[0.00229811342433095]
[0.0008117679972201586]
[0.04259435087442398]
[0.07800362259149551]
[0.0008926965529099107]
[0.0015743098920211196]
[0.04151833429932594]
[0.0007225773297250271]
[0.0072442819364368916]
[0.07791400700807571]
[0.000886573689058423]
[0.0016734313685446978]
[0.006879047956317663]
[0.0031622606329619884]
[0.09705541282892227]
[0.001699492335319519]
[0.03529307246208191]
[0.0017961174016818404]
[0.048934970051050186]
[0.003911216277629137]
[0.010048107244074345]
[0.09689880162477493]
[0.0012078180443495512]
[0.0011164662428200245]
[0.07779183238744736]
[0.01610581763088703]
[0.07777270674705505]
[0.0037511286791414022]
[0.030483350157737732]
[0.03161626681685448]
[0.005100580397993326]
[0.0006748195155523717]
[0.05461985245347023]
[0.03076610155403614]
[0.0006731357425451279]
[0.0012094425037503242]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0007803742773830891]
[0.07766927033662796]
[0.0014192831004038453]
[0.0021360497921705246]
[0.062371157109737396]
[0.1242423802614212]
[0.07959616929292679]
[0.0007757629500702024]
[0.029318712651729584]
[0.03441691771149635]
[0.004372480325400829]
[0.028496498242020607]
[0.0019398800795897841]
[0.030190706253051758]
[0.25152361392974854]
[0.22059834003448486]
[0.0017265566857531667]
[0.0022451698314398527]
[0.0037703735288232565]
[0.03828754648566246]
[0.003975389990955591]
[0.027253925800323486]
[0.12477836012840271]
[0.030272025614976883]
[0.11140120774507523]
[0.013509532436728477]
[0.0008562752045691013]
[0.08297419548034668]
[0.03341861814260483]
[0.02852349914610386]
[0.07074244320392609]
[0.07926610857248306]
[0.00654104957357049]
[0.0019460415933281183]
[0.0008204879704862833]
[0.02653990313410759]
[0.05488324165344238]
[0.016712713986635208]
[0.07789207249879837]
[0.009612435474991798]
[0.0037873939145356417]
[0.11306588351726532]
[0.04620645195245743]
[0.0017613519448786974]
[0.031673185527324677]
[0.025173986330628395]
[0.009989958256483078]
[0.5156633257865906]
[0.0009240821818821132]
[0.0009246639674529433]
[0.001808913773857057]
[0.0018425973830744624]
[0.04731721803545952]
[0.00558455940335989]
[0.0007626113365404308]
[0.11355263739824295]
[0.0700838640332222]
[0.0037918328307569027]
[0.007792812772095203]
[0.02147577330470085]
[0.0007816573488526046]
[0.07800402492284775]
[0.0779922753572464]
[0.0014577684924006462]
[0.003624055767431855]
[0.04935189709067345]
[0.07358842343091965]
[0.0009132892591878772]
[0.09685173630714417]
[0.24640507996082306]
[0.0007127909339033067]
[0.0009169905097223818]
[0.07024262845516205]
[0.0020903395488858223]
[0.0018354854546487331]
[0.0008191239321604371]
[0.002232477767392993]
[0.0012269675498828292]
[0.0022478923201560974]
[0.0020322874188423157]
[0.03483489155769348]
[0.0008179114083759487]
[0.07780613005161285]
[0.07779153436422348]
[0.004494545049965382]
[0.0018398398533463478]
[0.0009012630325742066]
[0.0019357880810275674]
[0.0020831350702792406]
[0.030532965436577797]
[0.0013824827037751675]
[0.1211695671081543]
[0.0012578804744407535]
[0.02376421168446541]
[0.3274533748626709]
[0.0008074873476289213]
[0.004957617726176977]
[0.0034594836179167032]
[0.0017464846605435014]
[0.0020446539856493473]
[0.0008914587087929249]
[0.042595840990543365]
[0.02746429853141308]
[0.0017877082573249936]
[0.0007194556528702378]
[0.017300555482506752]
[0.002328980015590787]
[0.16691750288009644]
[0.04122456535696983]
[0.273410439491272]
[0.3421870768070221]
[0.21984803676605225]
[0.07773227989673615]
[0.0815446600317955]
[0.016022630035877228]
[0.07772205024957657]
[0.008599952794611454]
[0.081605464220047]
[0.001073006889782846]
[0.0006876355619169772]
[0.0018799221143126488]
[0.24292191863059998]
[0.016469141468405724]
[0.0006802875432185829]
[0.016410136595368385]
[0.02247427962720394]
[0.014562479220330715]
[0.04317619651556015]
[0.001382383401505649]
[0.001380255213007331]
[0.0008570182835683227]
[0.016766829416155815]
[0.003669302212074399]
[0.0008462037658318877]
[0.04738173633813858]
[0.0015019354177638888]
[0.06114247441291809]
[0.07763563841581345]
[0.02681463211774826]
[0.07070937752723694]
[0.0017909691669046879]
[0.07760020345449448]
[0.0039849309250712395]
[0.003917571157217026]
[0.0016861046897247434]
[0.07754190266132355]
[0.0007443723152391613]
[0.13090401887893677]
[0.00363890640437603]
[0.0017597657861188054]
[0.0008211111417040229]
[0.0457845963537693]
[0.057392969727516174]
[0.07740268111228943]
[0.0006637123296968639]
[0.0006670134607702494]
[0.07733935117721558]
[0.0007078566122800112]
[0.001791252987459302]
[0.12137086689472198]
[0.04543197527527809]
[0.046042267233133316]
[0.08075254410505295]
[0.0036805844865739346]
[0.1935882717370987]
[0.017806069925427437]
[0.21814939379692078]
[0.003569637890905142]
[0.045004334300756454]
[0.07715713232755661]
[0.09223857522010803]
[0.0025215756613761187]
[0.03775180131196976]
[0.07712925225496292]
[0.009602340869605541]
[0.09715898334980011]
[0.05221099033951759]
[0.01651960425078869]
[0.030897844582796097]
[0.14138393104076385]
[0.0007140098023228347]
[0.028788432478904724]
[0.0008020786917768419]
[0.0770508274435997]
[0.0707937702536583]
[0.45208030939102173]
[0.07075820863246918]
[0.010103140957653522]
[0.10490325093269348]
[0.139574334025383]
[0.0017662469763308764]
[0.026871871203184128]
[0.0003390735073480755]
[0.0260161180049181]
[0.036332279443740845]
[0.002164422767236829]
[0.0008272811537608504]
[1.2333296537399292]
[0.010163106955587864]
[0.029488565400242805]
[0.0006972085684537888]
[0.04526231810450554]
[0.0019088322296738625]
[0.0009327662992291152]
[0.00868815928697586]
[0.0007444896036759019]
[0.5374536514282227]
[0.07705304771661758]
[0.03072705678641796]
[0.15644922852516174]
[0.024489199742674828]
[0.01055331714451313]
[0.09726642817258835]
[0.03973230719566345]
[0.04586155712604523]
[0.0006178122712299228]
[0.027630582451820374]
[0.058396514505147934]
[0.001961833331733942]
[0.07047848403453827]
[0.004667867440730333]
[0.003370898077264428]
[0.006228781305253506]
[0.048020169138908386]
[0.24329107999801636]
[0.00439002551138401]
[0.0016169070731848478]
[0.06255767494440079]
[0.03165295347571373]
[0.017500419169664383]
[0.01019380334764719]
[0.0007939974311739206]
[0.0013057036558166146]
[0.000958040589466691]
[0.0016227748710662127]
[0.0018334585474804044]
[0.010190843604505062]
[0.03868827223777771]
[0.0021571204997599125]
[0.0008721777703613043]
[0.244642436504364]
[0.030085168778896332]
[0.03295201435685158]
[0.0007893264410085976]
[0.07634742558002472]
[0.07048550248146057]
[0.02673552744090557]
[0.025311987847089767]
[0.09601985663175583]
[0.07723604887723923]
[0.05209650844335556]
[0.09734917432069778]
[0.001646874938160181]
[0.057303816080093384]
[0.1323413848876953]
[0.0013347570784389973]
[0.05690033361315727]
[0.07723153382539749]
[0.013567734509706497]
[0.07052502781152725]
[0.0631113275885582]
[0.07718931138515472]
[0.001944945426657796]
[0.0017273139674216509]
[0.06318126618862152]
[0.07712655514478683]
[0.011520180851221085]
[0.000771074672229588]
[0.0008311755955219269]
[0.3899330794811249]
[0.003484028857201338]
[0.05877569317817688]
[0.001488461042754352]
[0.0017436284106224775]
[0.04912062734365463]
[0.04436648264527321]
[0.07700874656438828]
[0.0007103167590685189]
[0.05089729651808739]
[0.002621991094201803]
[0.009092649444937706]
[0.003382761962711811]
[0.0012170481495559216]
[0.0429580919444561]
[0.0703006386756897]
[0.03739786520600319]
[0.030731365084648132]
[0.04293174296617508]
[0.0007193830097094178]
[0.07697279751300812]
[0.043488387018442154]
[0.000731090665794909]
[0.09126953035593033]
[0.03656813129782677]
[0.003921641036868095]
[0.04111115634441376]
[0.0008562696166336536]
[0.001733575714752078]
[0.031071927398443222]
[0.0768684446811676]
[0.03549956902861595]
[0.07682400196790695]
[0.0362425334751606]
[0.07032318413257599]
[0.0020940296817570925]
[0.08388730138540268]
[0.03534812480211258]
[0.0018620651680976152]
[0.028546825051307678]
[0.0005056587397120893]
[0.07662326097488403]
[0.07659667730331421]
[0.07655757665634155]
[0.0007080358918756247]
[0.00740919541567564]
[0.0703478679060936]
[0.0007413967978209257]
[0.0008814995526336133]
[0.07633453607559204]
[0.007671643979847431]
[0.05055694282054901]
[0.0005904814461246133]
[0.3994084298610687]
[0.009980539791285992]
[0.07033984363079071]
[0.007513977121561766]
[0.002138496143743396]
[0.03245697170495987]
[0.0015522019239142537]
[0.049997854977846146]
[0.07609941810369492]
[0.07608073204755783]
[0.038743987679481506]
[0.0022826262284070253]
[0.001876685069873929]
[0.030972128733992577]
[0.03634698688983917]
[0.010318106040358543]
[0.0004957339842803776]
[0.058593202382326126]
[0.23030667006969452]
[0.12658746540546417]
[0.0019115321338176727]
[0.014272507280111313]
[0.016898145899176598]
[0.03773149102926254]
[0.5494707226753235]
[0.2634539008140564]
[0.005702349357306957]
[0.013683311641216278]
[0.0034197899512946606]
[0.07580236345529556]
[0.07051179558038712]
[0.05156168341636658]
[0.05441833660006523]
[0.008662194013595581]
[0.00616850983351469]
[0.0006718033691868186]
[0.0007070326246321201]
[0.06522677838802338]
[0.0006719457451254129]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0705399289727211]
[0.05111992359161377]
[0.021845994517207146]
[0.04173390567302704]
[0.07665209472179413]
[0.05504244938492775]
[0.0007355870329774916]
[0.0008871509344317019]
[0.0006688947323709726]
[0.0006964495987631381]
[0.003837521420791745]
[0.11438404768705368]
[0.07958763837814331]
[0.019460786134004593]
[0.009668904356658459]
[0.07586155086755753]
[0.005346214398741722]
[0.003742060624063015]
[0.36239880323410034]
[0.17938461899757385]
[0.7300827503204346]
[0.07587084919214249]
[0.006959478370845318]
[0.09808489680290222]
[0.035167910158634186]
[0.075850710272789]
[0.044718366116285324]
[0.3828161954879761]
[0.04426339641213417]
[0.012886274605989456]
[0.20065777003765106]
[0.0007027203682810068]
[0.003776261815801263]
[0.07576476037502289]
[0.04991414397954941]
[0.2733381390571594]
[0.07571741938591003]
[0.050552673637866974]
[0.07566464692354202]
[0.0019334314856678247]
[0.1202191635966301]
[0.010026275180280209]
[0.042016949504613876]
[0.0513039268553257]
[0.03830768167972565]
[0.07551069557666779]
[0.014914331026375294]
[0.002330758608877659]
[0.002209727419540286]
[0.07056188583374023]
[0.33808737993240356]
[0.07543547451496124]
[0.07541631162166595]
[0.08945558220148087]
[0.0009697769419290125]
[0.0023265331983566284]
[0.005521242041140795]
[0.056010838598012924]
[0.04736033082008362]
[0.0039362856186926365]
[0.002521784510463476]
[0.0006848108605481684]
[0.0006850814097560942]
[0.0019786960911005735]
[0.03804970905184746]
[0.0008231089450418949]
[0.07521282136440277]
[0.16154319047927856]
[0.07518571615219116]
[0.040537573397159576]
[0.0334642194211483]
[0.000693249108735472]
[0.0024430323392152786]
[0.0320446714758873]
[0.04196089133620262]
[0.0007328302599489689]
[0.001994410529732704]
[0.023911738768219948]
[0.0006718422519043088]
[0.07507263869047165]
[0.005620999727398157]
[0.07676205784082413]
[0.056978460401296616]
[0.004029176197946072]
[0.031126249581575394]
[0.01086648553609848]
[0.20906773209571838]
[0.0749807208776474]
[0.14954283833503723]
[0.07495267689228058]
[0.039303969591856]
[0.03551938384771347]
[0.0748823955655098]
[0.002518863184377551]
[0.0023813184816390276]
[0.0006826024036854506]
[0.0007234928198158741]
[0.0007293842500075698]
[0.04510245472192764]
[0.1209847629070282]
[0.07470929622650146]
[0.02416720613837242]
[0.000785442884080112]
[0.0007927166880108416]
[0.0899006724357605]
[0.0745941698551178]
[0.0026747658848762512]
[0.03281956911087036]
[0.0006683649262413383]
[0.01670723408460617]
[0.015770049765706062]
[0.025678470730781555]
[0.0019166029524058104]
[0.0007354783010669053]
[0.04425235092639923]
[0.0007237670361064374]
[0.25497516989707947]
[0.220342755317688]
[0.002186916070058942]
[0.04875558242201805]
[0.0025733995717018843]
[0.002676330739632249]
[0.015879526734352112]
[0.025407733395695686]
[0.004682243335992098]
[0.0006583642098121345]
[0.07438714802265167]
[0.002041171072050929]
[0.007394780404865742]
[0.002353094983845949]
[0.010770002380013466]
[0.10839147865772247]
[0.07955503463745117]
[0.0375780314207077]
[0.05492835119366646]
[0.0006449664360843599]
[0.07434960454702377]
[0.004662420600652695]
[0.003122871508821845]
[0.052075404673814774]
[0.0022495058365166187]
[0.07429423183202744]
[0.006979483179748058]
[0.0067358361557126045]
[0.21087568998336792]
[0.00219145929440856]
[0.006068898364901543]
[0.02097467891871929]
[0.0006173932342790067]
[0.02604173868894577]
[0.030420321971178055]
[0.0014346176758408546]
[0.016898836940526962]
[0.14603891968727112]
[0.000613359035924077]
[0.000778521818574518]
[0.0006394574302248657]
[0.013487447053194046]
[0.023806042969226837]
[0.0006358663085848093]
[0.002034377073869109]
[0.00069746671942994]
[0.014608976431190968]
[0.0006096361903473735]
[0.163853719830513]
[0.004625964444130659]
[0.07419268786907196]
[0.5444934964179993]
[0.03558467701077461]
[0.0053973267786204815]
[0.0035949498414993286]
[0.0036506319884210825]
[0.127717062830925]
[0.0023601059801876545]
[0.0006144377985037863]
[0.0005982927395962179]
[0.03006528690457344]
[0.0005934007931500673]
[0.07421126961708069]
[0.1732681393623352]
[0.005801014136523008]
[0.019981080666184425]
[0.039852630347013474]
[0.0006014633690938354]
[0.07419005781412125]
[0.10126819461584091]
[0.0025698647368699312]
[0.05482789874076843]
[0.0030128213111311197]
[0.03289049491286278]
[0.07414644956588745]
[0.0024541232269257307]
[0.07411450892686844]
[0.11417274177074432]
[0.001960927154868841]
[0.14850223064422607]
[0.005274681840091944]
[0.021927248686552048]
[0.0061989049427211285]
[0.03740524873137474]
[0.006520876660943031]
[0.0021481288131326437]
[0.002263289876282215]
[0.0005752054858021438]
[0.0005940808914601803]
[0.07400397956371307]
[0.0021874145604670048]
[0.054169341921806335]
[0.07397259771823883]
[0.09899193048477173]
[0.002044010441750288]
[0.03913862630724907]
[0.008110926486551762]
[0.07389361411333084]
[0.09884458780288696]
[0.003457829123362899]
[0.09872379899024963]
[0.0035864543169736862]
[0.0019556009210646152]
[0.13368284702301025]
[0.0005495083169080317]
[0.001754434546455741]
[0.005452445242553949]
[0.011315864510834217]
[0.0037949092220515013]
[0.0005504911532625556]
[0.001409625168889761]
[0.030060285702347755]
[0.0349806547164917]
[0.03232015296816826]
[0.002277108607813716]
[0.01598639041185379]
[0.07903773337602615]
[0.17036961019039154]
[0.030282817780971527]
[0.0005806569242849946]
[0.006059230770915747]
[0.012824433855712414]
[0.035927291959524155]
[0.16656740009784698]
[0.02067391574382782]
[0.0005845499690622091]
[0.13562792539596558]
[0.002407738007605076]
[0.0069506848230957985]
[0.03134777769446373]
[0.002182277850806713]
[0.04057431221008301]
[0.13042761385440826]
[0.0041004810482263565]
[0.07384821772575378]
[0.008922571316361427]
[0.004349495284259319]
[0.0667291060090065]
[0.002101532882079482]
[0.002038274658843875]
[0.0717843770980835]
[0.0006417440599761903]
[0.07388224452733994]
[0.0016730225179344416]
[0.0027312282472848892]
[0.001510142581537366]
[0.07386705279350281]
[0.006941062398254871]
[0.032581981271505356]
[0.01957799680531025]
[0.0021934276446700096]
[0.05420349910855293]
[0.014132410287857056]
[0.008913867175579071]
[0.012008902616798878]
[0.012101259082555771]
[0.0005810567527078092]
[0.07382625341415405]
[0.0005497772945091128]
[0.0005565216997638345]
[0.0005990767967887223]
[0.025693053379654884]
[0.1501506119966507]
[0.07377319037914276]
[0.04993216693401337]
[0.07374098151922226]
[0.000541424029506743]
[0.0624641515314579]
[0.06414097547531128]
[0.09191802889108658]
[0.013018816709518433]
[0.07192430645227432]
[0.03229653090238571]
[0.11982782185077667]
[0.07359851151704788]
[0.0005483212298713624]
[0.0021798331290483475]
[0.0020913092885166407]
[0.009442848153412342]
[0.017830463126301765]
[0.011887708678841591]
[0.40403375029563904]
[0.08107371628284454]
[0.021115927025675774]
[0.0005377575289458036]
[0.0006307461299002171]
[0.0005505157168954611]
[0.07352229952812195]
[0.21220450103282928]
[0.009072370827198029]
[0.0022851505782455206]
[0.1725078523159027]
[0.0022840925958007574]
[0.0734657272696495]
[0.0734471008181572]
[0.0024591954424977303]
[0.07338955253362656]
[0.003212833311408758]
[0.4119607210159302]
[0.022810060530900955]
[0.026212697848677635]
[0.040425628423690796]
[0.05354165658354759]
[0.09858561307191849]
[0.012264559045433998]
[0.23995761573314667]
[0.006455340422689915]
[0.0021177902817726135]
[0.17964600026607513]
[0.029004426673054695]
[0.07848753035068512]
[0.0025674051139503717]
[0.0005215072305873036]
[0.0005558315897360444]
[0.0005224454798735678]
[0.003953380975872278]
[0.01225306000560522]
[0.03532588854432106]
[0.0004612424236256629]
[1.1925017833709717]
[4.731806755065918]
[0.05078451707959175]
[0.02288399636745453]
[0.0020793857984244823]
[0.07318415492773056]
[0.038979869335889816]
[0.0026115707587450743]
[0.0004648860776796937]
[0.00046164565719664097]
[0.08174798637628555]
[0.07311567664146423]
[0.19147326052188873]
[0.07308368384838104]
[0.07226134836673737]
[0.09817500412464142]
[0.06678597629070282]
[0.0004572182660922408]
[0.07808815687894821]
[0.05720026418566704]
[0.0021563589107245207]
[0.0031287274323403835]
[0.002111908281221986]
[0.07221043854951859]
[0.015126210637390614]
[0.16288796067237854]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.047876302152872086]
[0.07213663309812546]
[0.0022974899038672447]
[0.4177294671535492]
[0.007327537052333355]
[0.07311425358057022]
[0.07311663776636124]
[0.004538820590823889]
[0.03691815212368965]
[0.005956194829195738]
[0.004814491141587496]
[0.0004142650286667049]
[0.3863653242588043]
[0.01179454941302538]
[0.002217721426859498]
[0.004172867629677057]
[0.07190461456775665]
[0.0730871856212616]
[0.0014806537656113505]
[0.07265596836805344]
[0.013648070394992828]
[0.0005293920985423028]
[0.0051326085813343525]
[0.0023843636736273766]
[0.010111641138792038]
[0.0005103469011373818]
[0.002151316497474909]
[0.0005262902122922242]
[0.0005291741108521819]
[0.000615486060269177]
[0.08553971350193024]
[0.0005221221363171935]
[0.1297079473733902]
[0.008156067691743374]
[0.02922241948544979]
[0.0005058234091848135]
[0.002247359836474061]
[0.004143944010138512]
[0.07165097445249557]
[0.0005238614394329488]
[0.000613830576185137]
[0.0528624951839447]
[0.07313134521245956]
[0.0005403114482760429]
[0.0004986162530258298]
[0.0005155468825250864]
[0.06357352435588837]
[0.0021578448358923197]
[0.07661479711532593]
[0.1600755751132965]
[0.0005115421954542398]
[0.05942525714635849]
[0.1735866218805313]
[0.07310711592435837]
[0.002043884014710784]
[0.0004921370418742299]
[0.4057483673095703]
[0.0005955075612291694]
[0.013734396547079086]
[0.0005073182401247323]
[0.34144192934036255]
[0.0020900596864521503]
[0.0770692378282547]
[0.06124838814139366]
[0.07310907542705536]
[0.07729595899581909]
[0.00428460817784071]
[0.006479782517999411]
[0.004972327500581741]
[0.0016460893675684929]
[0.04876480624079704]
[0.004335334058851004]
[0.050895094871520996]
[0.07309329509735107]
[0.0039264000952243805]
[0.0005135776591487229]
[0.07306021451950073]
[0.06897605955600739]
[0.1933959722518921]
[0.03153013810515404]
[0.0023715042043477297]
[0.07737090438604355]
[0.0005178983556106687]
[0.0006158204050734639]
[0.04942302405834198]
[0.0042478651739656925]
[0.07292518019676208]
[0.0005421915557235479]
[0.002542130881920457]
[0.0004784846678376198]
[0.0004887622781097889]
[0.05894361436367035]
[0.05837893858551979]
[0.0004734604444820434]
[0.07283999770879745]
[0.0009118097368627787]
[0.0004984276602044702]
[0.07174225896596909]
[0.17126157879829407]
[0.05669761821627617]
[0.009541191160678864]
[0.07173668593168259]
[0.2138368785381317]
[0.04150363430380821]
[0.13533741235733032]
[0.07277921587228775]
[0.00047718663699924946]
[0.034633275121450424]
[0.010008344426751137]
[0.09851187467575073]
[0.0004831568512599915]
[0.3538902997970581]
[0.0006081796600483358]
[0.005223892163485289]
[0.05030813813209534]
[0.21081772446632385]
[0.0005331258289515972]
[0.07271647453308105]
[0.07143618911504745]
[0.17420950531959534]
[0.061161886900663376]
[0.07266410440206528]
[0.07739324122667313]
[0.07262513041496277]
[0.0022991772275418043]
[0.0004981948295608163]
[0.002859843894839287]
[0.08445017039775848]
[0.03500406816601753]
[0.0005017362418584526]
[0.0724981278181076]
[0.0005302478093653917]
[0.002386881969869137]
[0.0041036782786250114]
[0.0007262530853040516]
[0.05220220983028412]
[0.02675207145512104]
[0.0005021616234444082]
[0.0712907612323761]
[0.0005334815941751003]
[0.00224680220708251]
[0.010709141381084919]
[0.0005118887056596577]
[0.009411311708390713]
[0.035437606275081635]
[0.0029729576781392097]
[0.00527910515666008]
[0.002287863288074732]
[0.011600104160606861]
[0.059808146208524704]
[0.0004994528717361391]
[0.0005043906858190894]
[0.06565840542316437]
[0.004654668737202883]
[0.004058445803821087]
[0.04662042483687401]
[0.0005287093226797879]
[0.07246860861778259]
[0.0005012840265408158]
[0.0004926400142721832]
[0.044576648622751236]
[0.04262774810194969]
[0.09192720055580139]
[0.053518664091825485]
[0.03864092007279396]
[0.09834421426057816]
[0.0983058288693428]
[0.0782293975353241]
[0.0020927786827087402]
[0.07245691865682602]
[0.023736560717225075]
[0.0005208930233493447]
[0.04271857813000679]
[0.0023344415239989758]
[0.0327574722468853]
[0.005461176857352257]
[0.0006176782189868391]
[0.17826174199581146]
[0.0063638086430728436]
[0.00246186344884336]
[0.0005104091251268983]
[0.004912211559712887]
[0.06014728173613548]
[0.04503210633993149]
[0.11730983108282089]
[0.15041328966617584]
[0.001175179611891508]
[0.07429488003253937]
[0.35673511028289795]
[0.035957738757133484]
[0.07370267063379288]
[0.0005298113683238626]
[0.02792985737323761]
[0.0005165321636013687]
[0.0009342318517155945]
[0.02772195264697075]
[0.09121479839086533]
[0.008096938952803612]
[0.0018586227670311928]
[0.012818405404686928]
[0.0007957594352774322]
[0.07266385853290558]
[0.0005332343862392008]
[0.0013532426673918962]
[0.04924536123871803]
[0.02734561637043953]
[0.054554808884859085]
[0.2608852982521057]
[0.027394941076636314]
[0.0005411491729319096]
[0.0022153828758746386]
[0.11394155770540237]
[0.0005215585115365684]
[0.002143120625987649]
[0.00538511760532856]
[0.0332685150206089]
[0.07269629836082458]
[0.0008659601444378495]
[0.004389181267470121]
[0.07267749309539795]
[0.018912021070718765]
[0.015480765141546726]
[0.025173092260956764]
[0.07262249290943146]
[0.022500883787870407]
[0.07082680612802505]
[0.13783206045627594]
[0.0074187982827425]
[0.0023407661356031895]
[0.002767512109130621]
[0.0020889281295239925]
[0.0020629025530070066]
[0.0026628978084772825]
[0.002141251228749752]
[0.020792370662093163]
[0.024895623326301575]
[0.0005363281816244125]
[0.0024901521392166615]
[0.07255834341049194]
[0.00412221672013402]
[0.0005466563743539155]
[0.07253245264291763]
[0.27167561650276184]
[0.026900524273514748]
[0.0024023682344704866]
[0.0021954653784632683]
[0.08849015831947327]
[0.13471493124961853]
[0.029098274186253548]
[0.02987997978925705]
[0.002674772636964917]
[0.002101868623867631]
[0.15759290754795074]
[0.000528559205122292]
[0.0023850970901548862]
[0.1663883626461029]
[0.2703462541103363]
[0.02500610426068306]
[0.07247640937566757]
[0.0035389941185712814]
[0.0006034999387338758]
[0.0006174119771458209]
[0.0004920350620523095]
[0.0014087692834436893]
[0.07243932783603668]
[0.037244535982608795]
[0.0005123919690959156]
[0.027659274637699127]
[0.018177589401602745]
[0.07236817479133606]
[0.0006092570256441832]
[0.0015839891275390983]
[0.026858685538172722]
[0.0006168012041598558]
[0.00048117502592504025]
[0.028645606711506844]
[0.002111765556037426]
[0.0232201237231493]
[0.037397872656583786]
[0.006829261779785156]
[0.07223054766654968]
[0.07221309095621109]
[0.0012906021438539028]
[0.009487174451351166]
[0.0006308143492788076]
[0.004279704764485359]
[0.0010605514980852604]
[0.00893949531018734]
[0.09223579615354538]
[0.062400124967098236]
[0.023060541599988937]
[0.0022591317538172007]
[0.028436535969376564]
[0.0004611966433003545]
[0.07673570513725281]
[0.020797772333025932]
[0.0013918430777266622]
[0.002421458251774311]
[0.0004564988485071808]
[0.022630833089351654]
[0.00924683827906847]
[0.002208053134381771]
[0.07200954854488373]
[0.1607389897108078]
[0.0021876045502722263]
[0.07153575122356415]
[0.15517699718475342]
[0.01145893707871437]
[0.002086968393996358]
[0.026186741888523102]
[0.0029802825301885605]
[0.030979525297880173]
[0.030969874933362007]
[0.00045459993998520076]
[0.07280054688453674]
[0.04988845810294151]
[0.00048352923477068543]
[0.35133206844329834]
[0.00048812385648489]
[0.009507940150797367]
[0.004064970184117556]
[0.07197801023721695]
[0.0004624665598385036]
[0.07196146994829178]
[0.006017932668328285]
[0.02822066843509674]
[0.006010221783071756]
[0.02947087027132511]
[0.009053371846675873]
[0.0366528257727623]
[0.036344561725854874]
[0.00045639925519935787]
[0.0026757759042084217]
[0.00045779201900586486]
[0.002276012673974037]
[0.0004990712623111904]
[0.0012665679678320885]
[0.0004932172014378011]
[0.07181329280138016]
[0.0004515093460213393]
[0.07178065180778503]
[0.07164091616868973]
[0.002063056919723749]
[0.007026713341474533]
[0.07157785445451736]
[0.0018464766908437014]
[0.002714691683650017]
[0.018745098263025284]
[0.036343902349472046]
[0.3912503123283386]
[0.0448576845228672]
[0.000502060865983367]
[0.13436642289161682]
[0.11970970034599304]
[0.008470410481095314]
[0.0004529647412709892]
[0.006027954630553722]
[0.004002699628472328]
[0.03937099128961563]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.07165385782718658]
[0.059810467064380646]
[0.0700850561261177]
[0.008078929968178272]
[0.0004516623157542199]
[0.07163722068071365]
[0.00045036422670818865]
[0.18371739983558655]
[0.0004529283905867487]
[0.09451917558908463]
[0.07157761603593826]
[0.004644399043172598]
[0.023906555026769638]
[0.002241110894829035]
[0.0004964980762451887]
[0.07150395959615707]
[0.02065304107964039]
[0.002514799125492573]
[0.07167169451713562]
[0.00043906006612814963]
[0.002395417308434844]
[0.0714101791381836]
[0.0022450725082308054]
[0.27227410674095154]
[0.004114723298698664]
[0.02830914407968521]
[0.004042646382004023]
[0.000494951440487057]
[0.0004461851785890758]
[0.23922500014305115]
[0.00903518870472908]
[0.025995157659053802]
[0.0716681107878685]
[0.2530278265476227]
[0.007022295147180557]
[0.01920929178595543]
[0.01016310416162014]
[0.002195624401792884]
[0.45015808939933777]
[0.021809611469507217]
[0.16535280644893646]
[0.19451051950454712]
[0.06281402707099915]
[0.037343598902225494]
[0.015964046120643616]
[0.09844548255205154]
[0.13314296305179596]
[0.035347603261470795]
[0.00045461111585609615]
[0.025990910828113556]
[0.11128493398427963]
[0.007271613460034132]
[0.02690775692462921]
[0.04846615716814995]
[0.040457502007484436]
[0.025978248566389084]
[0.02653317153453827]
[0.0006374905351549387]
[0.02361961640417576]
[0.0004931753501296043]
[0.02371324598789215]
[0.19494104385375977]
[0.002128771971911192]
[0.07154864817857742]
[0.05724684149026871]
[0.024072840809822083]
[0.07153050601482391]
[0.037536896765232086]
[0.004421621095389128]
[0.024194905534386635]
[0.0025213712360709906]
[0.6306784152984619]
[0.10114060342311859]
[0.016151869669556618]
[0.01440288033336401]
[0.004128063563257456]
[0.0023333197459578514]
[0.0004906592657789588]
[0.0034497580491006374]
[0.07140105217695236]
[0.13499467074871063]
[0.031417347490787506]
[0.0005342659424059093]
[0.01098011713474989]
[0.000658910721540451]
[0.02404865249991417]
[0.12426410615444183]
[0.000515429419465363]
[0.03102431260049343]
[0.0028544231317937374]
[0.021196408197283745]
[0.07126700133085251]
[0.10699644684791565]
[0.3704484701156616]
[0.00047479767818003893]
[0.05009203776717186]
[0.018303487449884415]
[0.0058417110703885555]
[0.07139333337545395]
[0.11545300483703613]
[0.14528973400592804]
[0.0713856965303421]
[0.0045573231764137745]
[0.0017833333695307374]
[0.07135225087404251]
[0.07132958620786667]
[0.004363679792732]
[0.002161596668884158]
[0.09753748774528503]
[0.004049943294376135]
[0.025956159457564354]
[0.07118543237447739]
[0.0958680659532547]
[0.00048317224718630314]
[0.004050052259117365]
[0.23544172942638397]
[0.1388498842716217]
[0.17933151125907898]
[0.0006609645206481218]
[0.0004769563674926758]
[0.003125323448330164]
[0.0023955428041517735]
[0.002658568322658539]
[0.039161812514066696]
[0.0782395675778389]
[0.000629640941042453]
[0.0004744008183479309]
[0.004643300548195839]
[0.0022485535591840744]
[0.0024862142745405436]
[0.0006161784986034036]
[0.0004697442054748535]
[0.028421688824892044]
[0.07333174347877502]
[0.00220382958650589]
[0.002499259077012539]
[0.0024663491640239954]
[0.013041844591498375]
[0.028726816177368164]
[0.00702838646247983]
[0.02213585190474987]
[0.1609984040260315]
[0.048103250563144684]
[0.0004846415249630809]
[0.005035093519836664]
[0.0045109959319233894]
[0.07131597399711609]
[0.024973250925540924]
[0.04848657548427582]
[0.0004506496770773083]
[0.1320941299200058]
[12.820490837097168]
[0.0006048301002010703]
[0.17403386533260345]
[0.0778968557715416]
[0.00904651265591383]
[0.07151348143815994]
[0.0007048672996461391]
[0.0005834286566823721]
[0.0010202093981206417]
[0.0343894399702549]
[0.03494658321142197]
[0.0719604417681694]
[0.0006801447016187012]
[0.004539346322417259]
[0.0022749388590455055]
[0.002743697725236416]
[0.19965887069702148]
[0.0006535063148476183]
[0.07194489240646362]
[0.0007034826558083296]
[0.00969464797526598]
[0.0024634492583572865]
[0.14494465291500092]
[0.13918288052082062]
[0.004764999262988567]
[0.004022002220153809]
[0.0087857935577631]
[0.35086125135421753]
[0.006975191179662943]
[0.0008538157562725246]
[0.003579830750823021]
[0.002394146518781781]
[0.0024524093605577946]
[0.0030624251812696457]
[0.18653102219104767]
[0.003940863069146872]
[0.0026939762756228447]
[0.0007493988377973437]
[0.06138265132904053]
[0.004694858565926552]
[0.07211627811193466]
[0.005415765568614006]
[0.07212747633457184]
[0.0007327243802137673]
[0.2655636668205261]
[0.2242358922958374]
[0.14053677022457123]
[0.03595772013068199]
[0.041084080934524536]
[0.22313909232616425]
[0.0007143480470404029]
[0.0007062298245728016]
[0.18168962001800537]
[0.013308603316545486]
[0.002261890796944499]
[0.00244785170070827]
[0.0839448943734169]
[0.2894735336303711]
[0.04686611145734787]
[0.05117608979344368]
[0.02887255698442459]
[0.4059523642063141]
[0.40646570920944214]
[0.01625591516494751]
[0.0044164275750517845]
[0.0006860103458166122]
[0.014044932089745998]
[0.07216375321149826]
[0.07182951271533966]
[0.06792199611663818]
[0.07453916221857071]
[0.0006591302808374166]
[0.2657724618911743]
[0.09235989302396774]
[0.004060685634613037]
[0.07214157283306122]
[0.0701548233628273]
[0.002230459125712514]
[0.12151326984167099]
[0.1669624000787735]
[0.0006298826774582267]
[0.07185199111700058]
[0.4156762361526489]
[0.00409014243632555]
[0.2546162009239197]
[0.0006160896737128496]
[0.07215360552072525]
[0.000621508399490267]
[0.001583283068612218]
[0.0006105987122282386]
[0.1882997751235962]
[0.0059349811635911465]
[0.07212013006210327]
[0.003546491265296936]
[0.07267354428768158]
[0.46365591883659363]
[0.002511918544769287]
[0.10474282503128052]
[0.016752606257796288]
[0.07176200300455093]
[0.07202613353729248]
[0.14559036493301392]
[0.14723069965839386]
[0.0023820556234568357]
[0.0006201672367751598]
[0.0021807572338730097]
[0.061415284872055054]
[0.00758853554725647]
[0.34871840476989746]
[0.0005926821031607687]
[0.07196961343288422]
[0.004774724133312702]
[0.0020950459875166416]
[0.11942128837108612]
[0.06404347717761993]
[0.07192406058311462]
[0.0022087206598371267]
[0.002494652522727847]
[0.0005850963061675429]
[0.046906232833862305]
[0.0032148053869605064]
[0.08555899560451508]
[0.0007666706806048751]
[0.07186181098222733]
[0.001368438359349966]
[0.019495569169521332]
[0.004304835107177496]
[0.07181432843208313]
[0.06722231954336166]
[0.17161165177822113]
[0.04040474444627762]
[0.055273815989494324]
[0.0031113543082028627]
[0.015136074274778366]
[0.07172255963087082]
[0.0023852295707911253]
[0.040386807173490524]
[0.015577713027596474]
[0.028387997299432755]
[0.15516255795955658]
[0.02780183032155037]
[0.22941914200782776]
[0.36611947417259216]
[0.006471024826169014]
[0.0046456605195999146]
[0.009139972738921642]
[0.3939312696456909]
[0.0019075911259278655]
[0.10729427635669708]
[0.0024543863255530596]
[0.07168493419885635]
[0.03149362653493881]
[0.0016877405578270555]
[0.0005859062657691538]
[0.008560477755963802]
[0.009081483818590641]
[0.035548415035009384]
[0.0005936592351645231]
[0.0024081896990537643]
[0.007123677060008049]
[0.20034532248973846]
[0.004114031326025724]
[0.00484791025519371]
[0.0006370703340508044]
[0.07170961797237396]
[0.07170424610376358]
[0.03512698784470558]
[0.017538053914904594]
[0.07165344059467316]
[0.003603143384680152]
[0.09812428802251816]
[0.098090760409832]
[0.001214013434946537]
[0.02725130505859852]
[0.03402390331029892]
[0.0006322052213363349]
[0.006162692792713642]
[0.006764124147593975]
[0.07992641627788544]
[0.009039175696671009]
[0.31584110856056213]
[0.029208114370703697]
[0.0006163291400298476]
[0.08844589442014694]
[0.0006297992076724768]
[0.029647398740053177]
[0.004465285688638687]
[0.003927912563085556]
[0.004122527316212654]
[0.07279103994369507]
[0.0005629487568512559]
[0.009581763297319412]
[0.0007517514168284833]
[0.0006236104527488351]
[0.004025400150567293]
[0.046520210802555084]
[0.0715998187661171]
[0.0010178415104746819]
[0.004592424724251032]
[0.07157623022794724]
[0.02114524319767952]
[0.0025507891550660133]
[0.061482883989810944]
[0.0005355142639018595]
[0.07258516550064087]
[0.004039652179926634]
[0.07148930430412292]
[0.055335793644189835]
[0.13185590505599976]
[0.0005231148097664118]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[0.17542347311973572]
[0.0013330919900909066]
[0.004698762204498053]
[0.05324481055140495]
[0.0023351693525910378]
[0.03499867022037506]
[0.0006596003659069538]
[0.002784591866657138]
[0.007545218337327242]
[0.03998430073261261]
[0.10005062818527222]
[0.09861648827791214]
[6.707870006561279]
[0.003962129354476929]
[0.009697429835796356]
[0.00047280816943384707]
[0.1371878683567047]
[0.021275706589221954]
[0.0029558411333709955]
[0.0020184838213026524]
[0.0004623413842637092]
[0.0017931819893419743]
[0.0038690262008458376]
[0.0020467399153858423]
[0.02153186872601509]
[0.018816111609339714]
[0.00041209516348317266]
[0.01388980820775032]
[0.0004093940951861441]
[0.01387227512896061]
[0.022260641679167747]
[0.02304627187550068]
[0.0036363438703119755]
[0.000533734099008143]
[0.009785423055291176]
[0.0713006854057312]
[0.05960313230752945]
[0.02039487659931183]
[0.007801814470440149]
[0.002701836172491312]
[0.02473781630396843]
[0.07128047943115234]
[0.003917406778782606]
[0.008048828691244125]
[0.004371627699583769]
[0.07123091071844101]
[0.004444947466254234]
[0.00040202442323789]
[0.0003900821029674262]
[0.07116196304559708]
[0.00039865958387963474]
[0.010398690588772297]
[0.10129904001951218]
[0.04257800057530403]
[0.010889118537306786]
[0.07675755023956299]
[0.0009861714206635952]
[0.0005182240274734795]
[0.07212838530540466]
[0.07210677862167358]
[0.07101504504680634]
[0.003912861924618483]
[0.0003899515140801668]
[0.012159287929534912]
[0.013794436119496822]
[0.18049071729183197]
[0.004455116577446461]
[0.004502320662140846]
[0.09643690288066864]
[0.018759669736027718]
[0.003942976240068674]
[0.000398761301767081]
[0.0005315279122442007]
[0.07729955017566681]
[0.035405609756708145]
[0.008493803441524506]
[0.062396734952926636]
[0.0018300659721717238]
[0.00039974405081011355]
[0.0008441211539320648]
[0.00039937449037097394]
[0.0205544400960207]
[0.01029342133551836]
[0.040675245225429535]
[0.028405258432030678]
[0.15586596727371216]
[0.0020680513698607683]
[0.012869497761130333]
[0.017919545993208885]
[0.0008171163499355316]
[0.2598709762096405]
[0.002382619772106409]
[0.00042313567246310413]
[0.09357138723134995]
[0.03702370822429657]
[0.026642749086022377]
[0.017571063712239265]
[0.0006339570390991867]
[0.01429982390254736]
[0.40837669372558594]
[0.001773618278093636]
[0.1460963934659958]
[0.18991605937480927]
[0.18457549810409546]
[0.045336417853832245]
[0.001999595668166876]
[0.11580085754394531]
[0.0033923599403351545]
[0.0004229872429277748]
[0.0021808764431625605]
[0.0076856715604662895]
[0.001987179508432746]
[0.002365891821682453]
[0.0823792815208435]
[0.07382895797491074]
[0.034609366208314896]
[0.04869895428419113]
[0.003944086842238903]
[0.06992226839065552]
[0.053354524075984955]
[0.07551144808530807]
[0.02543584629893303]
[0.00041241041617468]
[0.007597525138407946]
[0.055794138461351395]
[0.07149773091077805]
[0.021547643467783928]
[0.1257428526878357]
[0.4251451790332794]
[0.0005201312014833093]
[0.06379962712526321]
[0.0014215930132195354]
[0.06282214820384979]
[0.009232102893292904]
[0.07148245722055435]
[0.00040594636811874807]
[0.006834795698523521]
[0.05419972911477089]
[0.05261050537228584]
[0.07142549753189087]
[0.00040235702181234956]
[0.001041254960000515]
[0.0369139090180397]
[0.07232381403446198]
[0.07134369015693665]
[0.00038236420368775725]
[0.7952923774719238]
[0.0005080881528556347]
[0.2528315782546997]
[1.1450356245040894]
[0.00040478131268173456]
[0.002073930110782385]
[0.007859391160309315]
[0.004011454991996288]
[1.213800072669983]
[0.0038570051547139883]
[0.29201069474220276]
[0.004374488722532988]
[0.0334705151617527]
[0.11135516315698624]
[0.0035710239317268133]
[0.07230628281831741]
[0.0004566381103359163]
[0.0004536224587354809]
[0.4642719626426697]
[0.4840856194496155]
[0.17770026624202728]
[0.2655034363269806]
[0.00042890713666565716]
[0.03582621365785599]
[0.007700582034885883]
[0.004483871161937714]
[0.020878544077277184]
[0.026400385424494743]
[0.07140205055475235]
[0.000497379107400775]
[0.007615334820002317]
[0.013375922106206417]
[0.07137264311313629]
[0.004374775104224682]
[0.004348342306911945]
[0.04823315143585205]
[0.09423515200614929]
[0.002115346724167466]
[0.07928995788097382]
[0.007913262583315372]
[0.005212272517383099]
[0.014463704079389572]
[0.006464758887887001]
[0.07132849097251892]
[0.003993479069322348]
[0.08889488130807877]
[0.006753811612725258]
[0.2984181046485901]
[0.003996971063315868]
[0.002381329657509923]
[0.0020706949289888144]
[0.22111822664737701]
[0.0675729513168335]
[0.3163292407989502]
[0.0003986339725088328]
[0.00042569992365315557]
[0.00040610210271552205]
[0.16766291856765747]
[0.07136362791061401]
[0.0019451542757451534]
[0.008073526434600353]
[0.024259306490421295]
[0.085580013692379]
[0.059288062155246735]
[0.030797569081187248]
[0.07225731760263443]
[0.07224274426698685]
[0.15731234848499298]
[0.05621619150042534]
[0.05641017109155655]
[0.0006127445958554745]
[0.0761372447013855]
[0.006752416491508484]
[0.010004506446421146]
[0.0006413508672267199]
[0.07239402085542679]
[0.0022217738442122936]
[0.0018875624518841505]
[0.00038511116872541606]
[0.02681032568216324]
[0.0062489802949130535]
[0.0021842115093022585]
[0.004120556637644768]
[0.001298497780226171]
[0.15664002299308777]
[0.011440763249993324]
[0.0020082599949091673]
[0.0005171204102225602]
[0.09684187918901443]
[0.0017715905560180545]
[0.0004117630305700004]
[0.07154028117656708]
[0.0021457383409142494]
[0.07247623801231384]
[0.23699183762073517]
[0.0018541822209954262]
[0.07575560361146927]
[0.005805737338960171]
[0.9808547496795654]
[0.05461178347468376]
[0.000407402403652668]
[0.004388487432152033]
[0.0019984422251582146]
[0.004091925453394651]
[0.04761461168527603]
[0.11185523867607117]
[0.05059590935707092]
[1.3634530305862427]
[0.000402123318053782]
[0.002728281309828162]
[0.003695838153362274]
[0.003136485582217574]
[0.002041580155491829]
[0.04392712190747261]
[0.00038890595897100866]
[0.0035648816265165806]
[0.04128367826342583]
[0.058783598244190216]
[0.00044474576134234667]
[0.007230441085994244]
[0.07163666188716888]
[0.000500790192745626]
[0.07729841023683548]
[0.0022099532652646303]
[0.002022829372435808]
[0.00038080793456174433]
[0.023343931883573532]
[0.03210597112774849]
[0.008353147655725479]
[0.002338727004826069]
[0.03605225682258606]
[0.0023736273869872093]
[0.07164666056632996]
[0.0003455225087236613]
[0.04271199181675911]
[0.059319864958524704]
[0.0003528331289999187]
[0.0829230323433876]
[0.0030656876042485237]
[0.0003419861604925245]
[0.0003409433411434293]
[0.0038919078651815653]
[0.07161334156990051]
[0.07159886509180069]
[0.0012824407313019037]
[0.0003455569676589221]
[0.01035262830555439]
[0.0951809287071228]
[0.0379878394305706]
[0.15755760669708252]
[0.07146959006786346]
[0.034806862473487854]
[0.05392839387059212]
[0.0724128857254982]
[0.013101805001497269]
[0.003726887982338667]
[0.0020192398224025965]
[0.0003358325338922441]
[0.2730797231197357]
[0.0005798290367238224]
[0.00048407327267341316]
[0.004186392296105623]
[0.0074155437760055065]
[0.006176711525768042]
[0.00034414578112773597]
[0.003753728000447154]
[0.002005055546760559]
[0.2973179519176483]
[0.060526102781295776]
[0.09756680577993393]
[0.005605469457805157]
[0.031199986115098]
[0.0018745590932667255]
[0.0016995460027828813]
[0.07239580154418945]
[0.001946473028510809]
[0.0003390757483430207]
[0.006176271475851536]
[0.0003335198271088302]
[0.0020227308850735426]
[0.0010731384390965104]
[0.00033417053055018187]
[0.0009806992020457983]
[0.07923299819231033]
[0.13096478581428528]
[0.004134116228669882]
[0.1474926918745041]
[0.0037066868972033262]
[0.00791402067989111]
[0.004483984317630529]
[0.08292357623577118]
[0.003946348093450069]
[0.003666417207568884]
[0.0003383976290933788]
[0.07947112619876862]
[0.0970369428396225]
[0.22902528941631317]
[0.09313637018203735]
[0.18184928596019745]
[0.037745341658592224]
[0.21291330456733704]
[0.00042879354441538453]
[0.034122295677661896]
[0.000534005113877356]
[0.007336276583373547]
[0.05820174142718315]
[0.07190503925085068]
[0.01759253814816475]
[0.00036414791247807443]
[0.01869773305952549]
[0.031516872346401215]
[0.00037186662666499615]
[0.003609393024817109]
[0.031059471890330315]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.002038633218035102]
[0.0034721875563263893]
[0.00035832778667099774]
[0.0036177104339003563]
[0.002993693109601736]
[0.0004556248604785651]
[0.10774487257003784]
[0.029617521911859512]
[0.007337844464927912]
[0.0018785708816722035]
[0.0719551146030426]
[0.0003498303412925452]
[0.028540177270770073]
[0.0719376727938652]
[1.0916510820388794]
[0.02441050298511982]
[0.00033831573091447353]
[0.012567737139761448]
[0.0012610957492142916]
[0.0224250927567482]
[0.00031591777224093676]
[0.012586547993123531]
[0.0014810815919190645]
[0.020590879023075104]
[0.017750486731529236]
[0.2755087614059448]
[0.0005552032380364835]
[0.0004324051842559129]
[4.764264106750488]
[0.0019529463024809957]
[0.0003521836188156158]
[0.002168625593185425]
[0.0010799679439514875]
[0.03262139856815338]
[0.16171352565288544]
[0.020789530128240585]
[0.00047240627463907003]
[0.017494218423962593]
[0.07202872633934021]
[0.12613411247730255]
[0.10053430497646332]
[0.003906100755557418]
[0.0006007865304127336]
[0.02151813544332981]
[0.019939033314585686]
[0.01891317032277584]
[0.0019878551829606295]
[0.12757520377635956]
[0.0018929560901597142]
[0.0972946435213089]
[0.00806789007037878]
[0.008813498541712761]
[0.09721501171588898]
[0.10601840913295746]
[0.0018523905891925097]
[0.04900737851858139]
[0.07216129451990128]
[0.37183040380477905]
[0.007732763420790434]
[0.00041808761307038367]
[0.0018426806200295687]
[0.003892484586685896]
[0.4334200918674469]
[0.0037182685919106007]
[0.07214105874300003]
[0.023499393835663795]
[0.002616490703076124]
[0.07585462927818298]
[0.005686180666089058]
[0.00040812662336975336]
[0.05999423563480377]
[0.02773595042526722]
[0.4655678868293762]
[0.31048211455345154]
[0.00042288261465728283]
[0.0004090837901458144]
[0.005104482173919678]
[0.04898808151483536]
[0.12752936780452728]
[0.0019018243765458465]
[0.0024428267497569323]
[0.002619139151647687]
[0.0005396229680627584]
[0.008895166218280792]
[0.00055058574071154]
[0.0004484745441004634]
[0.005407265387475491]
[0.04739239066839218]
[0.023743152618408203]
[0.03534669801592827]
[0.07225238531827927]
[0.026084091514348984]
[0.011900577694177628]
[0.25836867094039917]
[0.00800158642232418]
[0.0004481374053284526]
[0.001166696660220623]
[0.029559116810560226]
[0.000445269892225042]
[0.2045934796333313]
[0.001595761044882238]
[0.007649009115993977]
[0.0016069640405476093]
[0.0026810141280293465]
[0.12557807564735413]
[0.0028600904624909163]
[0.0004287176125217229]
[0.00043421986629255116]
[0.0020383403170853853]
[0.0004281758447177708]
[0.002249820390716195]
[0.07223407924175262]
[0.07607167214155197]
[0.0038970091845840216]
[2.101806163787842]
[0.0026821820065379143]
[0.000400498480303213]
[0.003346176352351904]
[0.0035848969127982855]
[0.003505375934764743]
[0.0018463567830622196]
[0.0003920923045370728]
[0.2814413905143738]
[0.8233353495597839]
[0.0017857198836281896]
[0.07278456538915634]
[0.016559379175305367]
[0.00037830998189747334]
[0.005135953426361084]
[0.3301314115524292]
[0.02952374704182148]
[0.0003972930717281997]
[0.031009981408715248]
[0.09666477143764496]
[0.3346082270145416]
[0.07231014966964722]
[0.00354239484295249]
[0.09679882228374481]
[0.05176587402820587]
[0.37901055812835693]
[0.07230564951896667]
[0.055513329803943634]
[0.0035402902867645025]
[0.0552467443048954]
[0.0025024753995239735]
[0.026417018845677376]
[0.05476647987961769]
[0.021553030237555504]
[0.0004893334116786718]
[0.10691061615943909]
[0.02619100548326969]
[0.033552367240190506]
[0.16764380037784576]
[0.013833122327923775]
[0.002830973593518138]
[0.005368104670196772]
[0.05148487165570259]
[0.012991977855563164]
[0.0041658105328679085]
[0.0015979890013113618]
[0.07290460914373398]
[0.04060635715723038]
[0.10829728096723557]
[0.07230767607688904]
[0.008323400281369686]
[0.5808535814285278]
[0.006785942707210779]
[0.456400603055954]
[0.08325015008449554]
[0.04609755426645279]
[0.06927533447742462]
[0.07234597951173782]
[0.0158190056681633]
[0.0088565144687891]
[0.07271364331245422]
[0.07233449816703796]
[0.02788638137280941]
[0.0005082252901047468]
[0.13027021288871765]
[0.07229337841272354]
[0.11083425581455231]
[0.0004235283413436264]
[0.07223491370677948]
[0.04153193533420563]
[0.17913095653057098]
[0.2555285692214966]
[0.01659817062318325]
[0.0005021224496886134]
[0.036137234419584274]
[1.565005898475647]
[0.00039030530024319887]
[0.047208838164806366]
[0.0005045936559326947]
[0.03222477063536644]
[0.07246500253677368]
[0.0009379371185787022]
[0.0024800605606287718]
[0.07187077403068542]
[0.07184670865535736]
[0.3178630471229553]
[0.0003612218424677849]
[0.2825935184955597]
[0.07172664999961853]
[0.0017579053528606892]
[0.006026664283126593]
[0.3179505467414856]
[0.000377561867935583]
[0.0003718086227308959]
[0.011228489689528942]
[0.2117292732000351]
[0.0003803622967097908]
[0.14828988909721375]
[0.16161112487316132]
[0.00035650550853461027]
[0.07151662558317184]
[0.07842476665973663]
[0.0044463141821324825]
[0.08590027689933777]
[0.2953423261642456]
[0.0018085562624037266]
[0.1844707876443863]
[0.8713692426681519]
[0.0004904702072963119]
[0.00355321797542274]
[0.016133712604641914]
[0.11153708398342133]
[0.00043201821972616017]
[0.020907975733280182]
[0.07151796668767929]
[0.0759175568819046]
[0.0715031549334526]
[0.0005207813810557127]
[0.09667209535837173]
[0.1456030309200287]
[0.07144288718700409]
[0.06605130434036255]
[0.0005416881176643074]
[0.073234923183918]
[0.2631450891494751]
[0.015551388263702393]
[0.0003609524283092469]
[0.0026900186203420162]
[0.0793590098619461]
[0.0712948590517044]
[0.0004283585003577173]
[0.07124331593513489]
[0.0859496220946312]
[0.0013885927619412541]
[0.00038525674608536065]
[0.00190697459038347]
[0.0036590350791811943]
[0.24339520931243896]
[0.07318153977394104]
[0.0021316353231668472]
[0.02303684875369072]
[0.28557971119880676]
[0.00695407809689641]
[0.0003708879230543971]
[0.0021449015475809574]
[0.002105900552123785]
[0.0003696818894241005]
[0.09642115235328674]
[0.002587806200608611]
[0.001968798693269491]
[0.003658700967207551]
[0.08143916726112366]
[0.0021339459344744682]
[0.05928407609462738]
[0.0007885302766226232]
[0.0003894194960594177]
[0.0031747266184538603]
[0.07107729464769363]
[0.0003577319148462266]
[0.09612110257148743]
[0.00038672293885611]
[0.2912401854991913]
[0.1247062012553215]
[0.07106435298919678]
[0.0019530737772583961]
[0.024836674332618713]
[0.0019760229624807835]
[0.27662527561187744]
[0.002145728562027216]
[0.23626287281513214]
[0.023951318114995956]
[0.16759872436523438]
[0.0035607055760920048]
[0.02148398384451866]
[0.0006448444910347462]
[0.09260602295398712]
[0.0003888207720592618]
[0.09592089056968689]
[0.19974976778030396]
[0.004127521067857742]
[0.0519058033823967]
[0.0004060015780851245]
[0.7835825085639954]
[0.13576270639896393]
[0.1171366423368454]
[0.00037340668495744467]
[0.3830317258834839]
[0.35213321447372437]
[0.04210203140974045]
[0.051925014704465866]
[0.05265402793884277]
[0.0021183746866881847]
[0.05543280020356178]
[0.10906856507062912]
[0.04615468531847]
[0.0013810204109176993]
[0.06429680436849594]
[0.001203191583044827]
[0.00044244437594898045]
[0.0019710659980773926]
[0.0006988303503021598]
[0.0009497481514699757]
[0.006125491112470627]
[0.07130974531173706]
[0.0021370307076722383]
[0.01814727671444416]
[0.06049136072397232]
[0.016459502279758453]
[0.010306754149496555]
[0.0036808333825320005]
[0.09561296552419662]
[0.07311981916427612]
[0.07135950773954391]
[0.0020786907989531755]
[0.010610553435981274]
[0.03030199371278286]
[0.0713520497083664]
[0.0004325733461882919]
[0.10581143200397491]
[0.004218393471091986]
[0.07128845155239105]
[0.048469237983226776]
[0.003980492707341909]
[0.059218116104602814]
[0.005357549991458654]
[0.12960654497146606]
[0.0032476780470460653]
[0.01959918439388275]
[0.001081007532775402]
[0.0028061061166226864]
[0.021782761439681053]
[0.047881096601486206]
[0.1425771564245224]
[0.00045633609988726676]
[0.0004297939594835043]
[0.0004501868097577244]
[0.004897912032902241]
[0.1227719783782959]
[0.08566504716873169]
[0.002179334405809641]
[0.03778631612658501]
[0.0022321490105241537]
[0.002510876627638936]
[0.2619004249572754]
[0.00043965494842268527]
[0.012148266658186913]
[0.060386404395103455]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.03453928232192993]
[0.07125531882047653]
[0.009301000274717808]
[0.03817077726125717]
[0.020513048395514488]
[0.07120466977357864]
[0.007511398289352655]
[0.001466429210267961]
[0.00040971950511448085]
[0.0003935027925763279]
[0.007818760350346565]
[0.4275297224521637]
[0.07112479954957962]
[0.13073819875717163]
[0.0005121637950651348]
[0.007442741189152002]
[0.0004091635637450963]
[0.031134270131587982]
[0.004299048334360123]
[0.006422949023544788]
[0.006940329447388649]
[0.07109826058149338]
[0.1522953361272812]
[0.0010877861641347408]
[0.06678637117147446]
[0.3671911656856537]
[0.025019638240337372]
[0.0023298789747059345]
[0.005152018275111914]
[0.003330504521727562]
[0.18422408401966095]
[0.001931488630361855]
[0.09357401728630066]
[0.07325766235589981]
[0.0032441560178995132]
[0.0041580889374017715]
[0.0005689282552339137]
[0.00048715752200223505]
[0.04119756817817688]
[0.07115985453128815]
[0.03823309764266014]
[0.0017843340756371617]
[0.0014835507608950138]
[0.004476053640246391]
[0.0020071102771908045]
[0.0004899345221929252]
[0.008097601123154163]
[0.016311245039105415]
[0.00046654045581817627]
[0.2219412624835968]
[0.002102670958265662]
[0.04768482223153114]
[0.0036626465152949095]
[0.07104898244142532]
[0.0005042311386205256]
[0.03384201228618622]
[0.0020607616752386093]
[0.27409276366233826]
[0.07094357162714005]
[0.2599353790283203]
[0.008216208778321743]
[0.0006739249220117927]
[0.3124731779098511]
[0.0037290770560503006]
[0.48690736293792725]
[0.07069415599107742]
[0.07064082473516464]
[0.002951904898509383]
[0.0037612479645758867]
[0.0029925352428108454]
[0.0007946515688672662]
[0.32386061549186707]
[0.07035566866397858]
[0.07031189650297165]
[0.07360263168811798]
[0.07021096348762512]
[0.09379570931196213]
[0.007295845542103052]
[0.11055588722229004]
[0.0009807676542550325]
[0.0023674818221479654]
[0.015756268054246902]
[0.0004602584522217512]
[0.12674786150455475]
[0.06627292186021805]
[0.0048878006637096405]
[0.06992709636688232]
[0.004325974732637405]
[0.0006011304794810712]
[0.00045062124263495207]
[0.0009405267774127424]
[0.0006197190377861261]
[0.033513396978378296]
[0.0021412470377981663]
[0.09555672854185104]
[0.3462926745414734]
[0.0005066061276011169]
[0.057368144392967224]
[0.023647820577025414]
[0.006918503437191248]
[0.022878749296069145]
[0.22504691779613495]
[0.024750463664531708]
[0.09533997625112534]
[0.009428602643311024]
[0.17081564664840698]
[0.003874802263453603]
[0.045728649944067]
[0.002372344257310033]
[0.00218514003790915]
[0.02372485212981701]
[0.023716775700449944]
[0.028504297137260437]
[0.07006324082612991]
[0.001680905930697918]
[0.0006054500699974597]
[0.03204440698027611]
[0.1525803506374359]
[0.0004950860748067498]
[0.06173637509346008]
[0.12402885407209396]
[0.00046301711699925363]
[0.15420037508010864]
[0.18240799009799957]
[0.020495224744081497]
[0.0019039622275158763]
[0.07004246860742569]
[0.002060819650068879]
[0.016516197472810745]
[0.000435179186752066]
[0.00042933333315886557]
[0.0699915811419487]
[0.008338015526533127]
[0.002124361926689744]
[0.0004216034722048789]
[0.00856202282011509]
[0.0015844427980482578]
[0.0037862288299947977]
[0.04469389468431473]
[0.0035173746291548014]
[0.11777078360319138]
[0.0004158487427048385]
[0.0007995981723070145]
[0.0020854740869253874]
[0.00917311105877161]
[0.03865927830338478]
[0.005034942179918289]
[0.002078242599964142]
[0.0008680206374265254]
[0.17034032940864563]
[0.07467962801456451]
[0.007880986668169498]
[0.1119747906923294]
[0.0062963892705738544]
[0.007116905879229307]
[0.07003725320100784]
[0.009662670083343983]
[0.04443727061152458]
[0.0004531445447355509]
[0.0004283234884496778]
[0.007761780172586441]
[0.0004551673191599548]
[0.09989798814058304]
[0.07000627368688583]
[0.0004449053085409105]
[0.056841298937797546]
[0.0037056533619761467]
[0.015382640063762665]
[0.0036642455961555243]
[0.004315199330449104]
[0.0013465044321492314]
[0.002121297875419259]
[0.04658164083957672]
[0.0021191986743360758]
[0.04821636527776718]
[0.0028679687529802322]
[0.00039193674456328154]
[0.04316854104399681]
[0.06994633376598358]
[0.0037693665362894535]
[0.002086573513224721]
[0.06992098689079285]
[0.06990084052085876]
[0.0003717843210324645]
[0.00036997691495344043]
[0.005441589746624231]
[0.3289331793785095]
[0.0005388924037106335]
[0.0013969592982903123]
[0.0003658765053842217]
[0.06971275061368942]
[0.0037586307153105736]
[0.02621419169008732]
[0.03630507364869118]
[0.05065547302365303]
[0.002403892809525132]
[0.05988265201449394]
[0.06956540048122406]
[0.00379138789139688]
[0.005398573353886604]
[0.0021095776464790106]
[0.1562778651714325]
[0.058699093759059906]
[0.0952727347612381]
[0.0003289430169388652]
[0.0003279701340943575]
[0.0011014881310984492]
[0.03459012880921364]
[0.03322553634643555]
[0.002954726107418537]
[0.014548158273100853]
[0.09493238478899002]
[0.03049653023481369]
[0.04361380264163017]
[0.16329050064086914]
[0.027262501418590546]
[0.0017234428087249398]
[0.003917562309652567]
[0.0003294608322903514]
[0.024594783782958984]
[0.024400463327765465]
[0.0012979119783267379]
[0.06947280466556549]
[0.037253186106681824]
[0.012692328542470932]
[0.02317230775952339]
[1.5061274766921997]
[0.0024587891530245543]
[0.019450964406132698]
[0.003938956186175346]
[0.0029547002632170916]
[0.125772625207901]
[0.0029123923741281033]
[0.004360887221992016]
[0.004263608250766993]
[0.0013014376163482666]
[0.004040025640279055]
[0.0005046227015554905]
[0.00036716338945552707]
[0.0021460873540490866]
[0.003389195306226611]
[0.012838377617299557]
[0.09319962561130524]
[0.0020364576485008]
[0.003598528215661645]
[0.14779864251613617]
[0.02085919864475727]
[0.013900578022003174]
[0.06964103132486343]
[0.0037158646155148745]
[0.0037250169552862644]
[0.009157858788967133]
[0.022149501368403435]
[0.06964327394962311]
[0.0025055750738829374]
[0.09505561739206314]
[0.0008765115053392947]
[0.013296101242303848]
[0.0036910304334014654]
[0.002351303119212389]
[0.08940932154655457]
[0.0006443950696848333]
[0.0003698518266901374]
[0.0004053361772093922]
[0.002086668973788619]
[0.018721463158726692]
[0.0003693738835863769]
[0.00037572189467027783]
[0.0020352965220808983]
[0.0064776260405778885]
[0.0004248230252414942]
[0.06775735318660736]
[0.22998246550559998]
[0.17850250005722046]
[0.24473655223846436]
[0.0033168045338243246]
[0.0004994859336875379]
[0.06965615600347519]
[0.0003604433441068977]
[0.032405298203229904]
[0.0022307138424366713]
[0.19148068130016327]
[0.0037413849495351315]
[0.023307111114263535]
[0.00035396881867200136]
[0.0020455678459256887]
[0.03157934546470642]
[0.062119416892528534]
[0.0039442796260118484]
[0.00049429084174335]
[0.0012266996782273054]
[0.07464048266410828]
[0.0038790551479905844]
[0.0067757535725831985]
[0.0003638258494902402]
[0.17732571065425873]
[0.0020732770208269358]
[0.008271034806966782]
[0.030947290360927582]
[0.002064418513327837]
[0.028205301612615585]
[0.00035752239637076855]
[0.19724062085151672]
[0.00038203512667678297]
[0.03271755576133728]
[0.04951861873269081]
[0.3455501198768616]
[0.005030729807913303]
[0.00035370897967368364]
[0.00036231265403330326]
[0.001960206776857376]
[0.002058515790849924]
[0.03209385648369789]
[0.0020019831135869026]
[0.18613781034946442]
[0.09483735263347626]
[0.0297456793487072]
[0.15086893737316132]
[0.0371713750064373]
[0.0060651772655546665]
[0.005207679700106382]
[0.0019428025698289275]
[0.00036936451215296984]
[0.01645698957145214]
[0.0020954988431185484]
[0.003771792398765683]
[0.00524657079949975]
[0.05946414917707443]
[0.021945219486951828]
[0.02090512588620186]
[0.0003532691625878215]
[0.05486220493912697]
[0.010079282335937023]
[0.01606082357466221]
[0.0023329772520810366]
[0.1039811298251152]
[0.02324867993593216]
[0.07005372643470764]
[0.0035291186068207026]
[0.00035839417250826955]
[0.034301646053791046]
[0.05963416025042534]
[0.0003579727199394256]
[0.01813923567533493]
[0.034502338618040085]
[0.024520814418792725]
[0.00130281422752887]
[0.006962757557630539]
[0.005323608405888081]
[0.09456051886081696]
[0.07005903124809265]
[0.015023353509604931]
[0.02361377328634262]
[0.0019738678820431232]
[0.1482623815536499]
[0.07441336661577225]
[0.04079544171690941]
[0.0995505303144455]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.07003356516361237]
[0.20046357810497284]
[0.00615162868052721]
[0.0036064758896827698]
[0.07001632452011108]
[0.007352926302701235]
[0.0018146957736462355]
[0.03867148235440254]
[0.001945412252098322]
[0.002366888802498579]
[0.00038896239129826427]
[0.06995110213756561]
[0.17402620613574982]
[0.0003648385754786432]
[0.1988695114850998]
[0.31388136744499207]
[0.06986815482378006]
[0.04985383525490761]
[0.00036183197516947985]
[0.0007074722088873386]
[0.11505955457687378]
[0.00036049113259650767]
[0.07426051050424576]
[0.0019857215229421854]
[0.016346676275134087]
[0.0697304978966713]
[0.09457516670227051]
[0.14318424463272095]
[0.06968890875577927]
[0.0005840163212269545]
[0.2222542017698288]
[0.3725760579109192]
[0.0006331554614007473]
[0.03239299729466438]
[0.002061336301267147]
[0.013348144479095936]
[0.023204464465379715]
[0.0006112375995144248]
[0.1164233461022377]
[0.0003780654806178063]
[0.057767607271671295]
[0.028353530913591385]
[0.005439102184027433]
[0.007845204323530197]
[0.20172761380672455]
[0.0006808486068621278]
[0.00769122876226902]
[0.08081217855215073]
[0.39488181471824646]
[0.00716958474367857]
[0.025606609880924225]
[0.06959007680416107]
[0.056108102202415466]
[0.0006012237281538546]
[0.0945400521159172]
[0.00037727001472376287]
[0.1275978535413742]
[0.0010320586152374744]
[0.00048151396913453937]
[0.0017554732039570808]
[0.1563682109117508]
[0.17742526531219482]
[0.011823310516774654]
[0.002602670807391405]
[0.003926721401512623]
[0.002478799782693386]
[0.00123332638759166]
[0.07971371710300446]
[0.00198257714509964]
[0.0003862723824568093]
[0.08116281777620316]
[0.00037579756462946534]
[0.0004009014228358865]
[0.004045980982482433]
[0.003210119903087616]
[0.0003858076815959066]
[0.01136530376970768]
[0.13566428422927856]
[0.10795441269874573]
[0.04812897741794586]
[0.10943226516246796]
[0.00665793614462018]
[0.0003786147281061858]
[0.0003799095284193754]
[0.0031146847177296877]
[0.06973914802074432]
[0.1033831387758255]
[0.03900298476219177]
[0.01477150246500969]
[0.0019827077630907297]
[0.0022341636940836906]
[0.0006189291016198695]
[0.01710205152630806]
[0.000411352317314595]
[0.0003861099248751998]
[0.0005033189081586897]
[0.0005172474775463343]
[0.0006339378887787461]
[0.0004740867007058114]
[0.06977220624685287]
[0.06975815445184708]
[0.06972943991422653]
[0.00200355495326221]
[0.0003927244106307626]
[0.00046604470117017627]
[0.0003872496308758855]
[0.0180976539850235]
[0.0023959744721651077]
[0.06952060014009476]
[0.03845240920782089]
[0.06945530325174332]
[0.021632160991430283]
[0.07735998928546906]
[0.005908426828682423]
[0.0006050052470527589]
[0.06928465515375137]
[0.03461381793022156]
[0.21840502321720123]
[0.07222364097833633]
[0.0030605923384428024]
[0.017696896567940712]
[0.0034540235064923763]
[0.002057259436696768]
[0.039560358971357346]
[0.003877191338688135]
[0.0071237655356526375]
[0.06906943023204803]
[0.15241874754428864]
[0.0020987973548471928]
[0.04219987988471985]
[0.011814546771347523]
[0.005967640317976475]
[0.0032637903932482004]
[0.0036850888282060623]
[0.0020966699812561274]
[0.021850740537047386]
[0.0003516454598866403]
[0.08069709688425064]
[0.20473206043243408]
[0.07450749725103378]
[0.007801298517733812]
[0.03719562664628029]
[0.004055781289935112]
[0.0139359962195158]
[0.029744131490588188]
[0.0037102163769304752]
[0.0023615651298314333]
[0.16654206812381744]
[0.2016388177871704]
[0.001997818239033222]
[0.06904604285955429]
[0.4020828604698181]
[0.0918862596154213]
[0.007247716188430786]
[0.018070286139845848]
[0.002022507833316922]
[0.003745816880837083]
[0.002015102654695511]
[0.30367520451545715]
[0.1354479193687439]
[0.06908635795116425]
[0.07625821232795715]
[0.18189792335033417]
[0.3531390428543091]
[0.00037785383756272495]
[0.12076906859874725]
[0.002024375833570957]
[0.06906266510486603]
[0.00037974640144966543]
[0.003924759104847908]
[0.00208950019441545]
[0.09824307262897491]
[0.09555593132972717]
[0.06900736689567566]
[0.005111929029226303]
[0.007808241993188858]
[0.04915912076830864]
[0.00037608444108627737]
[0.046983007341623306]
[0.02109880931675434]
[0.0473540797829628]
[0.04103589430451393]
[0.003881431883201003]
[0.00033801133395172656]
[0.07407274097204208]
[0.03577854111790657]
[0.014721835032105446]
[0.009367972612380981]
[0.03454645723104477]
[0.005328280385583639]
[0.004818580113351345]
[0.0014430859591811895]
[0.0020197159610688686]
[0.001262583420611918]
[0.044188905507326126]
[0.0003502363688312471]
[0.0024034688249230385]
[0.0003475905687082559]
[0.09464378654956818]
[0.027782468125224113]
[0.003628883045166731]
[0.006102870684117079]
[0.004122368525713682]
[0.013981545343995094]
[0.0019454811699688435]
[0.252750426530838]
[0.07413632422685623]
[0.0019940847996622324]
[1.657476544380188]
[0.00034563764347694814]
[0.003848311258479953]
[0.08560477197170258]
[0.06905308365821838]
[0.22259525954723358]
[0.034730490297079086]
[0.03600888326764107]
[0.0003650174185167998]
[0.04206666350364685]
[0.07412790507078171]
[0.0660371407866478]
[0.003617584705352783]
[0.0021565884817391634]
[0.03047018311917782]
[0.06898998469114304]
[0.06897519528865814]
[0.0035268941428512335]
[0.09278231859207153]
[0.07647315412759781]
[0.0020607244223356247]
[0.10008958727121353]
[0.015749812126159668]
[0.0177301112562418]
[0.004194674082100391]
[0.02288677915930748]
[0.07426987588405609]
[0.0011825020192191005]
[0.03783416375517845]
[0.05004741996526718]
[0.06884422898292542]
[0.002414894290268421]
[0.08832521736621857]
[0.07814547419548035]
[0.03605274483561516]
[0.0003358050889801234]
[0.00033643818460404873]
[0.0038974767085164785]
[0.017547938972711563]
[0.0036127837374806404]
[0.0037455004639923573]
[0.0024479427374899387]
[0.00036814610939472914]
[0.011779683642089367]
[0.006015320308506489]
[0.06881333887577057]
[0.03968361020088196]
[0.0005662336479872465]
[0.0020585195161402225]
[0.07671603560447693]
[0.03495432063937187]
[0.004394193179905415]
[0.0003731738543137908]
[0.03528613969683647]
[0.010692290030419827]
[0.002072177128866315]
[0.002006114926189184]
[0.05324714630842209]
[0.0024171851109713316]
[0.0003434921381995082]
[0.0003425572067499161]
[0.04165207967162132]
[0.020246613770723343]
[0.01637015864253044]
[0.0036223239731043577]
[0.00048444117419421673]
[0.16189910471439362]
[0.15722879767417908]
[0.00034480553586035967]
[0.02393755502998829]
[0.00037608391721732914]
[0.03770962357521057]
[0.0019852404948323965]
[0.03272261098027229]
[0.06894250959157944]
[0.03896746784448624]
[0.00136910704895854]
[0.1120552271604538]
[0.07400888949632645]
[0.00732804648578167]
[0.30151134729385376]
[0.06891633570194244]
[0.0023801729548722506]
[0.0241723470389843]
[0.01375960186123848]
[0.00037537276512011886]
[0.00033787384745664895]
[0.06887343525886536]
[0.06885334849357605]
[0.002929562935605645]
[0.02282319962978363]
[0.09479986131191254]
[0.03899826109409332]
[0.046696070581674576]
[0.012065552175045013]
[0.01901688612997532]
[0.009073179215192795]
[0.0018596553709357977]
[0.0003384603187441826]
[0.0686236098408699]
[0.0076648336835205555]
[0.06857872009277344]
[0.06042763590812683]
[0.003746292321011424]
[0.06849481910467148]
[0.019459860399365425]
[0.00033764311228878796]
[0.006950956769287586]
[0.0683739185333252]
[0.06833623349666595]
[0.0030776159837841988]
[0.3879530727863312]
[0.002127213403582573]
[0.08611053228378296]
[0.000397627882193774]
[0.0017122082645073533]
[0.004521371331065893]
[0.06611383706331253]
[0.0018596951849758625]
[0.003750853007659316]
[0.10837293416261673]
[0.0038328354712575674]
[0.012599642388522625]
[0.01379864476621151]
[0.0009193937294185162]
[0.10026863217353821]
[0.006730344146490097]
[0.06801147758960724]
[0.19490352272987366]
[0.0037426138296723366]
[0.0005491463234648108]
[0.09451904147863388]
[0.002595990663394332]
[0.0005428275326266885]
[0.0403643399477005]
[0.000331238959915936]
[0.05367106571793556]
[0.08314701914787292]
[0.0003349177131894976]
[0.0021149758249521255]
[0.06773894280195236]
[0.000321736850310117]
[0.050640739500522614]
[0.010018778033554554]
[0.12360087037086487]
[0.0676676332950592]
[0.1658257097005844]
[0.006092529743909836]
[0.0003208253183402121]
[0.000754955573938787]
[0.0004570193705148995]
[0.03097064048051834]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.4100252091884613]
[0.158725768327713]
[0.012863370589911938]
[0.05053379014134407]
[0.0025545263197273016]
[0.005375546868890524]
[0.0073353988118469715]
[0.009107489138841629]
[0.005046627018600702]
[0.04354410246014595]
[0.13670487701892853]
[0.13390840590000153]
[0.0044648610055446625]
[0.002166589256376028]
[0.004105501342564821]
[0.03500986844301224]
[0.07680366188287735]
[0.07974619418382645]
[0.00041518680518493056]
[0.06522774696350098]
[0.04149525240063667]
[0.0692913755774498]
[0.003302469151094556]
[0.0011039864039048553]
[0.0003383618895895779]
[0.00040013674879446626]
[0.00032971109612844884]
[0.029509680345654488]
[0.0036256597377359867]
[0.00039783469401299953]
[0.0042035519145429134]
[0.07879292219877243]
[0.06793094426393509]
[0.0006325188442133367]
[0.0004960598889738321]
[0.3032252788543701]
[0.00030362402321770787]
[0.06793922185897827]
[0.00033692774013616145]
[0.0026988110039383173]
[0.006296892650425434]
[0.06173637881875038]
[0.07441452890634537]
[0.06895970553159714]
[0.0458076037466526]
[0.11730961501598358]
[0.1926104873418808]
[0.19241659343242645]
[0.0005568082560785115]
[0.325002521276474]
[0.06746663898229599]
[0.0004005327355116606]
[0.02676709182560444]
[0.0018521096790209413]
[0.012655862607061863]
[0.002124836202710867]
[0.02740142121911049]
[0.0021168687380850315]
[0.0025645315181463957]
[0.02888019010424614]
[0.10871317982673645]
[0.026599016040563583]
[0.07364343851804733]
[0.025239430367946625]
[0.0009685590630397201]
[0.0908098965883255]
[0.11395461857318878]
[0.3650434613227844]
[0.14063379168510437]
[0.18919214606285095]
[0.004064599983394146]
[0.004053269512951374]
[0.07380809634923935]
[0.03791947662830353]
[0.0009984681382775307]
[0.0427573099732399]
[0.005895212758332491]
[0.0020812773145735264]
[0.15981337428092957]
[0.06822745501995087]
[0.06822067499160767]
[0.06819882243871689]
[0.2374323606491089]
[0.11097461730241776]
[0.08033247292041779]
[0.0009474389953538775]
[0.36149778962135315]
[0.07504204660654068]
[0.018652362748980522]
[0.4002787470817566]
[0.0010284247109666467]
[0.0020829427521675825]
[0.024354994297027588]
[0.0003824450832325965]
[0.06797410547733307]
[0.03036675415933132]
[0.0006944869528524578]
[0.016496559605002403]
[0.0037814259994775057]
[0.03241753205657005]
[0.0003936415887437761]
[0.0021303340326994658]
[0.0023882717359811068]
[0.0032997250091284513]
[0.03060350939631462]
[0.0013904828811064363]
[0.002334828022867441]
[0.026817485690116882]
[0.16771717369556427]
[0.002091524889692664]
[0.035046208649873734]
[0.0678529441356659]
[0.011851340532302856]
[0.001785022672265768]
[0.0020944939460605383]
[0.0021286294795572758]
[0.025687463581562042]
[0.024294234812259674]
[0.0012408839538693428]
[0.00036278716288506985]
[0.004200423136353493]
[0.006449307780712843]
[0.0011927674058824778]
[0.0017959135584533215]
[0.07362104207277298]
[0.0009247623383998871]
[0.06781361997127533]
[0.002452488522976637]
[0.12844181060791016]
[0.015473288483917713]
[0.0012620592024177313]
[0.0024474896490573883]
[0.0677400603890419]
[0.03462597355246544]
[0.026155905798077583]
[0.006469932850450277]
[0.013012070208787918]
[0.0007786888163536787]
[0.011816777288913727]
[0.10131122916936874]
[0.003331366227939725]
[0.0038439100608229637]
[0.015474651008844376]
[0.021475721150636673]
[0.04699341207742691]
[0.0029075578786432743]
[0.0021280916407704353]
[0.029448237270116806]
[0.0003770370385609567]
[0.004430146422237158]
[0.0023554416839033365]
[0.06758169084787369]
[0.00200540735386312]
[0.0007303374004550278]
[0.015030665323138237]
[0.0003881628508679569]
[0.0003613569715525955]
[0.0021148831583559513]
[0.06753943860530853]
[0.0003742498520296067]
[0.056588005274534225]
[0.0005183554021641612]
[0.024692758917808533]
[0.018781162798404694]
[0.0170164592564106]
[0.1128087118268013]
[0.0007538583595305681]
[0.06743291020393372]
[0.3167893886566162]
[0.0016658965032547712]
[0.013520690612494946]
[0.010341431014239788]
[0.0008549756603315473]
[0.0397028848528862]
[0.3286060690879822]
[0.0015045924810692668]
[0.07457447797060013]
[0.0003474153345450759]
[0.005500088445842266]
[0.01919635944068432]
[0.2333967089653015]
[0.013273950666189194]
[0.044051580131053925]
[0.0070305801928043365]
[0.01705261506140232]
[0.0006962844636291265]
[0.06725769490003586]
[0.01855369284749031]
[0.06722231209278107]
[0.0016829490195959806]
[0.0003039149451069534]
[0.0017652669921517372]
[0.06710550934076309]
[0.20709466934204102]
[0.006441023200750351]
[0.01652998849749565]
[0.0947464257478714]
[0.002543303882703185]
[0.08134720474481583]
[0.0007754554389975965]
[0.01395945530384779]
[0.0026169412303715944]
[0.18002977967262268]
[0.17707711458206177]
[0.1460975706577301]
[0.10180918872356415]
[0.0008169639040715992]
[0.19467571377754211]
[0.21231399476528168]
[1.0160011053085327]
[0.00033602811163291335]
[0.0005771228461526334]
[0.2738594114780426]
[0.0003750133910216391]
[0.16497237980365753]
[0.27199459075927734]
[0.002242396818473935]
[0.0293955747038126]
[0.0022342016454786062]
[0.00759078748524189]
[0.002095454838126898]
[0.01430102065205574]
[0.15808123350143433]
[0.15479014813899994]
[0.0012252363376319408]
[0.10197458416223526]
[0.004941144026815891]
[0.00921053159981966]
[0.0023058385122567415]
[0.05849218741059303]
[0.04323559254407883]
[0.016541896387934685]
[0.0022441467735916376]
[0.002214086940512061]
[0.034804150462150574]
[0.09394634515047073]
[0.17295876145362854]
[0.009789017029106617]
[0.005406809970736504]
[0.06710649281740189]
[0.0030333874747157097]
[0.0007554562180303037]
[0.10375091433525085]
[0.1215299516916275]
[0.03175060451030731]
[0.1404869705438614]
[0.003936926368623972]
[0.0021933941170573235]
[0.016595927998423576]
[0.003467630362138152]
[0.07170680165290833]
[0.07447352260351181]
[0.0008581451838836074]
[0.06798138469457626]
[0.09431373327970505]
[0.07951140403747559]
[0.051479242742061615]
[0.0020243108738213778]
[0.015540212392807007]
[0.09193654358386993]
[0.0020636797416955233]
[0.002628467744216323]
[0.2068740427494049]
[0.007842758670449257]
[0.00038396072341129184]
[0.02610136941075325]
[0.00038840240449644625]
[0.06717745959758759]
[0.16047635674476624]
[0.0018729883013293147]
[0.0021919275168329477]
[0.06715958565473557]
[0.022159893065690994]
[0.0018361237598583102]
[0.001867193030193448]
[0.0671110451221466]
[0.0004061300423927605]
[0.0638052374124527]
[0.06788253039121628]
[0.000525044510141015]
[0.0003882726305164397]
[0.0015972632681950927]
[0.04072800651192665]
[0.01565263606607914]
[0.0669703260064125]
[0.06694089621305466]
[0.01851104572415352]
[0.09412146359682083]
[0.10585596412420273]
[0.013744440861046314]
[0.001263912650756538]
[0.0023411987349390984]
[0.004952250514179468]
[0.0022280041594058275]
[0.0010065245442092419]
[0.09396646171808243]
[0.022899340838193893]
[0.06326650083065033]
[0.15851488709449768]
[0.0010325314942747355]
[0.10781510174274445]
[0.07682568579912186]
[0.00040989264380186796]
[0.06947118043899536]
[0.24485331773757935]
[0.0028245754074305296]
[0.13897942006587982]
[0.002326620975509286]
[0.41141223907470703]
[0.35607609152793884]
[0.040385112166404724]
[0.0003990459081251174]
[0.00230101915076375]
[0.00037131152930669487]
[0.31043541431427]
[0.06668829917907715]
[0.07368826121091843]
[0.0024718958884477615]
[0.0036715453024953604]
[0.18133562803268433]
[0.10373947024345398]
[0.05719221755862236]
[0.07369577884674072]
[0.0050032371655106544]
[0.06667454540729523]
[0.06666657328605652]
[0.07364072650671005]
[0.034484315663576126]
[0.04360130801796913]
[0.45219963788986206]
[0.0020615404937416315]
[0.15441066026687622]
[0.0023140227422118187]
[0.0003213996533304453]
[0.0004022908105980605]
[0.002259688451886177]
[0.002140844939276576]
[0.6939706206321716]
[0.000763473566621542]
[0.06659281998872757]
[0.0022399076260626316]
[0.015574092045426369]
[0.00040786396129988134]
[0.7640748023986816]
[0.0022473179269582033]
[0.01608918234705925]
[0.0018189873080700636]
[0.0017122491262853146]
[0.06654234975576401]
[0.02182561717927456]
[0.1335398107767105]
[0.0003985297225881368]
[0.002309536561369896]
[0.06585119664669037]
[0.05197553709149361]
[0.6479750275611877]
[0.06651836633682251]
[0.02263636514544487]
[0.02504551410675049]
[0.06460022181272507]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0357193648815155]
[0.011001762002706528]
[0.0017831457080319524]
[0.03821474686264992]
[0.00037787359906360507]
[0.0020490619353950024]
[0.028145067393779755]
[0.002618426689878106]
[0.06644456088542938]
[0.0006834569503553212]
[0.0038595388177782297]
[0.02217935398221016]
[0.06639961898326874]
[0.04905896261334419]
[0.04231269285082817]
[0.0019063317449763417]
[0.01598101668059826]
[0.01650080643594265]
[0.04272971674799919]
[0.8720553517341614]
[0.5581993460655212]
[0.041480861604213715]
[0.0012276996858417988]
[0.0007675595697946846]
[0.001143768080510199]
[0.41746029257774353]
[0.0766642689704895]
[0.005296383984386921]
[0.14438210427761078]
[0.8062286376953125]
[0.0005469855386763811]
[0.0868065133690834]
[0.10250558704137802]
[0.02588195726275444]
[0.0035047836136072874]
[0.0013986199628561735]
[0.01047266274690628]
[0.11796241998672485]
[0.3243114948272705]
[0.06632975488901138]
[0.006271156016737223]
[0.0004170970350969583]
[1.1053658723831177]
[0.01174878515303135]
[0.16807737946510315]
[0.06626230478286743]
[0.06623798608779907]
[0.12137975543737411]
[0.06617067754268646]
[0.0014457209035754204]
[0.2555534839630127]
[0.13501496613025665]
[0.0003781848354265094]
[0.09421759843826294]
[0.550911545753479]
[0.0010451683774590492]
[0.0003811921051237732]
[0.00046814378583803773]
[0.43395400047302246]
[0.012449263595044613]
[0.0003290768072474748]
[0.06598081439733505]
[0.04288606718182564]
[0.00042232152190990746]
[0.031504690647125244]
[0.0005058134556747973]
[0.023532915860414505]
[0.000635451462585479]
[0.0024317072238773108]
[0.00037316602538339794]
[0.06593085825443268]
[0.06591237336397171]
[0.33621132373809814]
[0.004226873628795147]
[0.1265021562576294]
[0.06577250361442566]
[0.03389604017138481]
[0.0004574019694700837]
[0.02686818316578865]
[0.04823385179042816]
[0.0031797850970178843]
[0.0016304064774885774]
[0.00040501271723769605]
[0.00250055524520576]
[0.5941355228424072]
[0.038874756544828415]
[0.0028636676725000143]
[0.01635569892823696]
[0.06556996703147888]
[0.0027400776743888855]
[0.0007183899870142341]
[0.0024166246876120567]
[0.0034663742408156395]
[0.0004349503724370152]
[0.0741487517952919]
[0.0007761708693578839]
[0.0655374825000763]
[0.04255177453160286]
[1.237328052520752]
[0.05349747836589813]
[0.00037784239975735545]
[0.000728001119568944]
[0.17425930500030518]
[0.04158478230237961]
[0.046621061861515045]
[0.0018946826457977295]
[0.014833846129477024]
[0.10360690206289291]
[0.1101255789399147]
[0.003983751870691776]
[0.05773096904158592]
[0.07235348969697952]
[0.042965248227119446]
[0.004500244278460741]
[0.07757191359996796]
[0.0031042685732245445]
[0.0038837618194520473]
[0.15821710228919983]
[0.0006392892682924867]
[0.0003960703033953905]
[0.010230165906250477]
[0.045987728983163834]
[0.22887477278709412]
[0.0017694149864837527]
[0.04342646524310112]
[0.0005225716740824282]
[0.29133766889572144]
[0.000770635437220335]
[0.0019675421062856913]
[0.002701990306377411]
[0.00043808133341372013]
[0.000498878420330584]
[0.0003270839515607804]
[0.06567602604627609]
[0.06566213816404343]
[0.1341703087091446]
[0.005000176839530468]
[0.11172281205654144]
[0.0655733272433281]
[0.06554332375526428]
[0.02866430953145027]
[0.0012720734812319279]
[0.014020273461937904]
[0.003919087816029787]
[0.0005324435769580305]
[0.027916252613067627]
[0.018918439745903015]
[0.06533125787973404]
[0.003927122335880995]
[0.004167447332292795]
[0.19345642626285553]
[0.00041313274414278567]
[0.00752208661288023]
[0.004172903019934893]
[0.031121937558054924]
[0.005003513768315315]
[0.013989145867526531]
[0.0025275989901274443]
[0.026068322360515594]
[0.009631656110286713]
[0.14202630519866943]
[0.059638991951942444]
[0.004031877964735031]
[0.007856353186070919]
[0.06503329426050186]
[0.11845527589321136]
[0.06303764134645462]
[0.0002995156974066049]
[0.10402467846870422]
[0.0027362045366317034]
[0.0005089892656542361]
[0.06499437987804413]
[0.004002866800874472]
[0.00042452107300050557]
[0.0017866073176264763]
[0.08085831999778748]
[0.0033868043683469296]
[0.024256568402051926]
[0.0025000532623380423]
[0.1416422426700592]
[0.00033893942600116134]
[0.14602130651474]
[0.07384511083364487]
[0.002496198285371065]
[0.25261208415031433]
[0.18783128261566162]
[0.0005871553439646959]
[0.023209718987345695]
[0.20203173160552979]
[0.0027004180010408163]
[0.06483462452888489]
[0.0019300873391330242]
[0.0026844236999750137]
[0.040777288377285004]
[0.04712441936135292]
[0.03524570167064667]
[0.00044067547423765063]
[0.04628213495016098]
[0.0006816710811108351]
[0.00041604426223784685]
[0.002524153096601367]
[0.009053406305611134]
[0.037153009325265884]
[0.06473707407712936]
[0.0009320646640844643]
[0.15967315435409546]
[0.1352880448102951]
[0.11888597160577774]
[0.013048292137682438]
[0.1620531678199768]
[0.02699236385524273]
[0.06683216989040375]
[0.05009196326136589]
[0.2015814334154129]
[0.26621919870376587]
[0.0015055733965709805]
[0.06341732293367386]
[0.0011381356744095683]
[0.0017705921782180667]
[0.001730748568661511]
[0.09537869691848755]
[0.033447638154029846]
[0.0029439833015203476]
[0.26631900668144226]
[0.15283691883087158]
[0.0017462159739807248]
[0.037456464022397995]
[0.00038641903665848076]
[0.07595410943031311]
[0.000655804411508143]
[0.038823820650577545]
[0.06503736972808838]
[0.12233591079711914]
[0.09506440162658691]
[0.06288954615592957]
[0.0045018685050308704]
[0.01942436210811138]
[0.00047246942995116115]
[0.021824810653924942]
[0.012377872131764889]
[0.003395739709958434]
[0.03353535383939743]
[0.02423103153705597]
[0.004918452352285385]
[0.004291261080652475]
[0.018795572221279144]
[0.06502511352300644]
[0.0018739327788352966]
[0.18677274882793427]
[0.007671245839446783]
[0.0018358612433075905]
[0.0004000755143351853]
[0.11590705811977386]
[0.19554710388183594]
[0.031981609761714935]
[0.14833904802799225]
[0.0022892027627676725]
[0.0008312886347994208]
[0.0737377256155014]
[0.00218930933624506]
[0.0028438784647732973]
[0.01904684118926525]
[0.024019138887524605]
[0.003074687672778964]
[0.06512517482042313]
[0.07605908066034317]
[0.025250419974327087]
[0.0021088970825076103]
[0.005674643442034721]
[0.07568295300006866]
[0.0014893128536641598]
[0.004646826535463333]
[0.06515658646821976]
[0.06514695286750793]
[0.13139708340168]
[0.0018656478496268392]
[0.0033110883086919785]
[0.0005565515020862222]
[0.000614533550105989]
[0.07623972743749619]
[0.0028797953855246305]
[0.0016918032197281718]
[0.06502557545900345]
[0.02503514289855957]
[0.05388761684298515]
[0.012565510347485542]
[0.0005554714589379728]
[0.00331001915037632]
[0.023507408797740936]
[0.0009447744232602417]
[0.00034381874138489366]
[0.1453595608472824]
[0.0019062715582549572]
[0.0010194764472544193]
[0.000518149056006223]
[0.032301176339387894]
[0.0026204781606793404]
[0.0004854164144489914]
[0.0005162262823432684]
[0.0018875490641221404]
[0.06485534459352493]
[0.001963002374395728]
[0.0033874469809234142]
[0.049102164804935455]
[0.0002589621290098876]
[0.036183346062898636]
[0.0005555009702220559]
[0.00238750409334898]
[0.013704107142984867]
[0.03953073173761368]
[0.00026034825714305043]
[0.0030712455045431852]
[0.005539959762245417]
[0.02142210304737091]
[0.19883178174495697]
[0.05712724104523659]
[0.00042439400567673147]
[0.10681042075157166]
[0.04566078633069992]
[0.06476086378097534]
[0.04281585291028023]
[0.026833543553948402]
[0.0004579192027449608]
[0.002519016619771719]
[0.00028673006454482675]
[0.007420500740408897]
[0.07335521280765533]
[0.0018738189246505499]
[0.0012730867601931095]
[0.06474997103214264]
[0.004253026098012924]
[0.02931324392557144]
[0.0019937593024224043]
[0.024391720071434975]
[0.0004904715460725129]
[0.001350277685560286]
[0.19939111173152924]
[0.19878314435482025]
[0.0020999445114284754]
[0.004685405641794205]
[0.0003925202472601086]
[0.0005728755495510995]
[0.06463409215211868]
[0.017428051680326462]
[0.000488503195811063]
[0.0018471234943717718]
[0.07581812888383865]
[0.013323605991899967]
[0.0004929052083753049]
[0.0023344915825873613]
[0.07314889132976532]
[0.08762479573488235]
[0.005066673271358013]
[0.06455378234386444]
[0.047812458127737045]
[0.002500658854842186]
[0.00037218056968413293]
[0.013121498748660088]
[0.3977772891521454]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.06451249122619629]
[0.03579801321029663]
[0.0009005062165670097]
[0.02590120956301689]
[0.001366041717119515]
[0.0004809125966858119]
[0.022244932129979134]
[0.03078806959092617]
[0.02984064817428589]
[0.09292714297771454]
[0.17357364296913147]
[0.0005141946021467447]
[0.1773647516965866]
[0.004327402450144291]
[0.06293720752000809]
[0.0007878675824031234]
[0.003213970921933651]
[0.03082248941063881]
[0.029770391061902046]
[0.00032533661578781903]
[0.005352452863007784]
[0.12674836814403534]
[0.0007989553268998861]
[0.14319957792758942]
[0.020379461348056793]
[0.0022626526188105345]
[0.0010575419291853905]
[0.06445889174938202]
[0.015431762672960758]
[0.00037574980524368584]
[0.000317599275149405]
[0.0644247978925705]
[0.005690700840204954]
[0.0544595941901207]
[0.003523694584146142]
[0.0026314621791243553]
[0.0019190977327525616]
[0.11070288717746735]
[0.030285272747278214]
[0.07871334254741669]
[0.1177600771188736]
[0.0023456504568457603]
[0.7595715522766113]
[0.2735736072063446]
[0.001887576188892126]
[0.0018446764443069696]
[0.06430574506521225]
[0.0017098956741392612]
[0.0038883143570274115]
[0.0503852516412735]
[0.007082108408212662]
[0.0437128022313118]
[0.0034619984216988087]
[0.0817185789346695]
[0.0028562212828546762]
[0.07270168513059616]
[0.012318594381213188]
[0.048409074544906616]
[0.0008752037538215518]
[0.16971473395824432]
[0.039864432066679]
[0.0008785947575233877]
[0.1104515939950943]
[0.0006013132515363395]
[0.19038671255111694]
[0.0025611831806600094]
[0.0016268211184069514]
[0.06423532217741013]
[0.0020112404599785805]
[0.000389778841054067]
[0.06420290470123291]
[0.0005173601675778627]
[0.22661708295345306]
[0.027084186673164368]
[0.00035849970299750566]
[0.12237930297851562]
[0.06440208107233047]
[0.03414195403456688]
[0.029424870386719704]
[0.0015675772447139025]
[0.0006636560428887606]
[0.024962788447737694]
[0.0012321475660428405]
[0.0006531219114549458]
[0.006042399909347296]
[0.09984336793422699]
[0.038518741726875305]
[0.03544843569397926]
[0.00042546287295408547]
[0.1951693743467331]
[0.001839086995460093]
[0.10335872322320938]
[0.06414059549570084]
[0.005109867081046104]
[0.09877333045005798]
[0.0005045979632996023]
[0.020322285592556]
[0.0004372783296275884]
[0.08973538130521774]
[0.06406877189874649]
[0.19088923931121826]
[0.0025096447207033634]
[0.05107375979423523]
[0.0030841645784676075]
[0.000797281798440963]
[0.07274822145700455]
[0.06402219831943512]
[0.0484834685921669]
[0.02637551724910736]
[0.11401892453432083]
[0.06327345222234726]
[0.0003701525565702468]
[0.11328551918268204]
[0.025581147521734238]
[0.001980151981115341]
[0.09470169246196747]
[0.06399854272603989]
[0.0003991744597442448]
[0.06397098302841187]
[0.046598777174949646]
[0.0021939307916909456]
[0.00040483337943442166]
[0.06388162821531296]
[0.0005515101365745068]
[0.06381900608539581]
[0.003957213368266821]
[0.034682825207710266]
[0.0005325564998202026]
[0.11284828186035156]
[0.2005457729101181]
[0.002748718950897455]
[0.0006508837686851621]
[0.00047558598453179]
[0.1793149709701538]
[0.0006614987505599856]
[0.0027062720619142056]
[0.06342725455760956]
[0.0005185849731788039]
[0.012751292437314987]
[0.00045913559733889997]
[0.07268239557743073]
[0.09966206550598145]
[0.06330261379480362]
[0.0004248831537552178]
[0.0007351352251134813]
[0.48386821150779724]
[1.0888736248016357]
[0.06300834566354752]
[0.0005385717959143221]
[0.006377747748047113]
[0.06321429461240768]
[0.003750518197193742]
[0.016059542074799538]
[0.1580851823091507]
[0.04742135852575302]
[0.019942017272114754]
[0.10185850411653519]
[0.10928422957658768]
[0.00920061394572258]
[0.0016919942572712898]
[0.13411462306976318]
[0.06758542358875275]
[0.07595816254615784]
[0.053397420793771744]
[0.33686280250549316]
[0.0006426320178434253]
[0.05154208093881607]
[0.00047670610365457833]
[0.2838362753391266]
[0.007885972037911415]
[0.004397167358547449]
[0.017160221934318542]
[0.0005407934077084064]
[0.1006709560751915]
[0.0007134554325602949]
[0.17220155894756317]
[0.06329082697629929]
[0.09504146873950958]
[0.011941450648009777]
[0.05456969141960144]
[0.0023758483584970236]
[0.058551665395498276]
[0.08213972300291061]
[0.027089357376098633]
[0.024543963372707367]
[0.13132888078689575]
[0.0007138709770515561]
[0.0013985034311190248]
[0.0018663150258362293]
[0.0004030144482385367]
[0.0026276176795363426]
[0.04059779271483421]
[0.0020181576255708933]
[0.039760589599609375]
[0.11439399421215057]
[0.11047546565532684]
[0.06330931931734085]
[0.002956175711005926]
[0.0033972538076341152]
[0.047182198613882065]
[0.0632641464471817]
[0.0004602239350788295]
[0.022242069244384766]
[0.11340253800153732]
[0.0005217341240495443]
[0.0005222292966209352]
[0.0028882334008812904]
[0.0035872578155249357]
[0.002102260012179613]
[0.0005194892873987556]
[0.07255333662033081]
[0.06205445155501366]
[0.008515706285834312]
[0.00035060924710705876]
[0.008563799783587456]
[0.003927694633603096]
[0.000983611447736621]
[0.6847274899482727]
[0.0015554768033325672]
[0.15471968054771423]
[0.011806868016719818]
[0.009301147423684597]
[0.11667261272668839]
[0.0018912488594651222]
[0.0005538275581784546]
[0.19971631467342377]
[0.016280751675367355]
[0.00032624826417304575]
[0.0020917451474815607]
[1.2060997486114502]
[0.0005646898061968386]
[0.00033372410689480603]
[0.06733376532793045]
[0.41604509949684143]
[0.00034294879878871143]
[0.00033304025419056416]
[0.0006610248819924891]
[0.02385464496910572]
[0.0005692749982699752]
[0.0031767634209245443]
[0.0003186938993167132]
[0.06327574700117111]
[0.001972452038899064]
[0.00046273236512206495]
[0.0012393902288749814]
[1.7584303617477417]
[0.6670987606048584]
[0.05223800241947174]
[0.0014277114532887936]
[0.0013225640868768096]
[0.06328089535236359]
[0.0012690061703324318]
[0.002283083274960518]
[0.041732680052518845]
[0.021374978125095367]
[0.003036755369976163]
[0.009104964323341846]
[0.00311782443895936]
[0.03255358710885048]
[0.5943514108657837]
[0.09124775230884552]
[0.12847758829593658]
[0.29812175035476685]
[0.08253820240497589]
[0.00044903368689119816]
[0.6602518558502197]
[0.004286938812583685]
[0.16446922719478607]
[0.06734858453273773]
[0.14232273399829865]
[0.013123882934451103]
[0.002646340522915125]
[0.04437302425503731]
[0.17598280310630798]
[0.10067681223154068]
[0.06336081027984619]
[0.30579036474227905]
[0.07212937623262405]
[0.003776088124141097]
[0.004221572540700436]
[0.021932775154709816]
[0.1311092972755432]
[0.09749694913625717]
[0.06326589733362198]
[0.005014868453145027]
[0.06321778148412704]
[0.13992901146411896]
[0.03621445968747139]
[0.006206085905432701]
[0.16335390508174896]
[0.07212495058774948]
[0.02589554525911808]
[0.11982662975788116]
[0.22380311787128448]
[0.0007635362562723458]
[0.004957215394824743]
[0.05395015329122543]
[0.09425683319568634]
[0.17627927660942078]
[0.06309998780488968]
[0.06309418380260468]
[0.0016883306670933962]
[0.038374077528715134]
[0.063046894967556]
[0.03615754842758179]
[0.0003243869578000158]
[0.002699571894481778]
[0.04080476239323616]
[0.0026965364813804626]
[0.002705864841118455]
[0.003461305983364582]
[0.0629391223192215]
[0.000663365179207176]
[0.1710273027420044]
[0.01677238754928112]
[0.0015650327550247312]
[0.0022266211453825235]
[0.0027137049473822117]
[0.05864124000072479]
[0.20646236836910248]
[0.06281089037656784]
[0.05959056317806244]
[0.05012910068035126]
[0.04261056333780289]
[0.00029043981339782476]
[0.00029041641391813755]
[0.03687610477209091]
[0.05433090031147003]
[0.0018465562025085092]
[0.0022257145028561354]
[0.06272272765636444]
[0.036752473562955856]
[0.003190588438883424]
[0.0031244999263435602]
[0.0035369873512536287]
[0.584945023059845]
[0.0005461189430207014]
[0.0385146290063858]
[0.03189300745725632]
[0.0006749858148396015]
[0.02202758379280567]
[0.1647171974182129]
[0.006499314680695534]
[0.03514034301042557]
[0.021620607003569603]
[0.0017668291693553329]
[0.04874537140130997]
[0.0005148136988282204]
[0.0007081402582116425]
[0.0014683459885418415]
[0.3934517204761505]
[0.06286566704511642]
[0.00109363894443959]
[0.008427073247730732]
[0.0006812723586335778]
[0.0004593476187437773]
[0.2335401177406311]
[0.0027227867394685745]
[0.0006810285267420113]
[0.0005471832118928432]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.02998487651348114]
[0.0027466928586363792]
[0.003967436030507088]
[0.0725138783454895]
[0.004502051509916782]
[0.0027372296899557114]
[0.0010637211380526423]
[0.0008084162836894393]
[0.0005109040648676455]
[0.06272117048501968]
[0.10344124585390091]
[0.01578659936785698]
[0.039509519934654236]
[0.07205457240343094]
[0.04829233139753342]
[0.004451819229871035]
[0.012274989858269691]
[0.027478113770484924]
[0.02848123572766781]
[0.5270438194274902]
[0.0010997408535331488]
[0.000819133420009166]
[0.06277801096439362]
[0.0005898743984289467]
[0.07165936380624771]
[0.005025678779929876]
[0.00287281209602952]
[0.16913940012454987]
[0.10862997174263]
[0.0038184665609151125]
[0.21679414808750153]
[0.0008374005556106567]
[0.011625062674283981]
[0.023371219635009766]
[0.011704833246767521]
[0.0027289479039609432]
[0.02689277194440365]
[0.16386720538139343]
[0.0028367640916258097]
[0.06281992793083191]
[0.16762520372867584]
[0.04792679846286774]
[0.0004980603698641062]
[0.002473468892276287]
[0.0005790067370980978]
[0.34208518266677856]
[0.08234056830406189]
[0.06006327643990517]
[0.12488748878240585]
[0.07254238426685333]
[0.0008266839431598783]
[0.1669122278690338]
[0.040269747376441956]
[0.03273613378405571]
[0.4278886020183563]
[0.0046750339679419994]
[0.0008279283065348864]
[0.004443247802555561]
[0.005902834702283144]
[0.06286867707967758]
[0.048024848103523254]
[0.0715334564447403]
[0.002893242286518216]
[0.06283837556838989]
[0.06281907111406326]
[0.21456171572208405]
[0.0026734897401183844]
[0.004905914422124624]
[0.002662425395101309]
[0.0721174031496048]
[0.09890025854110718]
[0.06269421428442001]
[0.004426025785505772]
[0.012756972573697567]
[0.07202611863613129]
[0.11990232765674591]
[0.0034695598296821117]
[0.010751750320196152]
[0.12640570104122162]
[0.0006007491610944271]
[0.1161198690533638]
[0.005066640209406614]
[0.00044851124403066933]
[0.004422415979206562]
[0.19559969007968903]
[0.07007948309183121]
[0.009308007545769215]
[0.0036034283693879843]
[0.09450051933526993]
[0.018825512379407883]
[0.0017678560689091682]
[0.00084792694542557]
[0.08488880842924118]
[0.0029841249343007803]
[0.0006134231807664037]
[0.0020607407204806805]
[0.002012984361499548]
[0.0008854931802488863]
[0.00515012489631772]
[0.0005331994034349918]
[0.0005026604048907757]
[0.0010655791265890002]
[0.0031427701469510794]
[0.49328863620758057]
[0.0027305090334266424]
[0.0056799594312906265]
[0.05240682139992714]
[0.08458522707223892]
[0.4201129972934723]
[0.06284776329994202]
[0.0004176312650088221]
[0.05782651901245117]
[0.005279081873595715]
[0.03980376943945885]
[0.006055055186152458]
[0.05494501069188118]
[0.04118195176124573]
[0.0011358256451785564]
[0.0006942669278942049]
[0.0629095584154129]
[0.0030620810575783253]
[0.028926366940140724]
[0.06290365755558014]
[0.0026292374823242426]
[0.003182893618941307]
[0.009161284193396568]
[0.0026719302404671907]
[0.0024080805014818907]
[0.1434316486120224]
[0.003727526403963566]
[0.37132030725479126]
[0.0030402885749936104]
[0.09427700936794281]
[0.21707914769649506]
[0.06287424266338348]
[0.21320922672748566]
[0.2328454852104187]
[0.3260810971260071]
[0.024697259068489075]
[0.08189824968576431]
[0.19666223227977753]
[0.1312772035598755]
[0.0006829808698967099]
[0.011354397982358932]
[0.002119737910106778]
[0.11272764205932617]
[0.018105877563357353]
[0.0011158912675455213]
[0.1721658557653427]
[0.003729615593329072]
[0.000576663063839078]
[0.06286745518445969]
[0.0004952537128701806]
[0.0005393087049014866]
[0.0026507398579269648]
[0.002995355986058712]
[0.04980405792593956]
[0.017782095819711685]
[0.192518413066864]
[0.03331834822893143]
[0.1935202181339264]
[0.00048020624672062695]
[0.0003786082670558244]
[0.006214603781700134]
[0.0023094594944268465]
[0.03563869372010231]
[0.3149164021015167]
[0.0038880575448274612]
[0.11694348603487015]
[0.24413429200649261]
[0.0006650686846114695]
[0.026751168072223663]
[0.06290925294160843]
[0.00028890115208923817]
[0.06288781762123108]
[0.0009060458978638053]
[0.020123086869716644]
[0.016699720174074173]
[0.000988328130915761]
[0.01940842904150486]
[0.006030712742358446]
[0.004274814855307341]
[0.0027832738123834133]
[0.0026535389479249716]
[0.1538534313440323]
[0.002085441257804632]
[0.0015003562439233065]
[0.0006688599241897464]
[0.01505238190293312]
[0.005144818220287561]
[0.005176599603146315]
[0.015596938319504261]
[0.06271151453256607]
[0.0014154870295897126]
[0.018927615135908127]
[0.023661185055971146]
[0.001318522379733622]
[0.06595873832702637]
[0.00486468942835927]
[0.0006419073324650526]
[0.004967954475432634]
[0.0029523668345063925]
[0.0005209396476857364]
[0.7592662572860718]
[0.0021024392917752266]
[0.00043739861575886607]
[0.0005459586391225457]
[0.25781992077827454]
[0.11735128611326218]
[0.0626605823636055]
[0.01734408177435398]
[0.0010033997241407633]
[0.13483771681785583]
[0.0004761137533932924]
[0.02986435405910015]
[0.15099671483039856]
[0.01395735889673233]
[0.002604213310405612]
[0.0002852111356332898]
[0.40641918778419495]
[0.4964645802974701]
[0.006051016505807638]
[0.08657544106245041]
[0.018885524943470955]
[0.00033901873393915594]
[0.05219881236553192]
[0.04950792342424393]
[0.0022582830861210823]
[0.0002397866774117574]
[0.11281734704971313]
[0.0511271134018898]
[0.0005293814465403557]
[0.003075534477829933]
[0.0003524200583342463]
[0.06275846809148788]
[0.0005977507098577917]
[0.0028750395867973566]
[0.0005998094566166401]
[0.15379175543785095]
[0.24959096312522888]
[0.002603819128125906]
[0.056694213300943375]
[0.028493523597717285]
[0.0496973842382431]
[0.09439686685800552]
[0.0019085996318608522]
[0.03215647116303444]
[0.00048781282384879887]
[0.06266872584819794]
[0.05150527134537697]
[0.0005609618965536356]
[0.043470095843076706]
[0.0005825049593113363]
[0.04190484434366226]
[0.0008964632288552821]
[0.09873294830322266]
[0.005310447420924902]
[0.0033535913098603487]
[0.004391298163682222]
[0.0007243773434311152]
[0.00032085328712128103]
[0.16725146770477295]
[0.05449662357568741]
[0.0009610988199710846]
[0.16694581508636475]
[0.1430603414773941]
[0.0020751289557665586]
[0.0027170695830136538]
[0.0004914122982881963]
[0.06175287812948227]
[0.000580929103307426]
[0.0004989351727999747]
[0.0025918008759617805]
[0.0032940388191491365]
[0.002474800683557987]
[0.0019972589798271656]
[0.004294910468161106]
[0.015540910884737968]
[0.04203401505947113]
[0.0006247129058465362]
[0.01762881875038147]
[0.010090241208672523]
[0.0018075252883136272]
[0.0018803863786160946]
[0.0023310689721256495]
[0.13374373316764832]
[0.1256473809480667]
[0.09351544082164764]
[0.0012035039253532887]
[0.0934247374534607]
[0.044757600873708725]
[0.056460317224264145]
[0.0017880831146612763]
[0.08914273977279663]
[0.0005124176968820393]
[0.26061439514160156]
[0.0015535913407802582]
[0.0005611124797724187]
[0.06285178661346436]
[0.06284570693969727]
[0.0019719991832971573]
[0.06280718743801117]
[0.055212993174791336]
[0.09302356839179993]
[0.0026594684459269047]
[0.002883437555283308]
[0.0723702609539032]
[0.2189282774925232]
[0.0018807703163474798]
[0.005751054268330336]
[0.011691574938595295]
[0.0006238689529709518]
[0.21548137068748474]
[0.10416490584611893]
[0.06524249911308289]
[0.0006909423391334713]
[0.039482079446315765]
[0.00397740351036191]
[0.0017486149445176125]
[0.0009763836860656738]
[0.0026276165153831244]
[2.288816213607788]
[0.0018299659714102745]
[0.0008788494160398841]
[0.01816955953836441]
[0.0026222127489745617]
[0.02695004642009735]
[0.11489956080913544]
[0.002416993724182248]
[0.007335133384913206]
[0.0005208368529565632]
[0.0009203855879604816]
[0.0003533714625518769]
[0.06275035440921783]
[0.28737571835517883]
[0.09228169173002243]
[0.04102133587002754]
[0.00211259420029819]
[0.34032177925109863]
[0.04263700172305107]
[0.008784080855548382]
[0.002769081387668848]
[0.0032589442562311888]
[0.0005075901281088591]
[0.010144080966711044]
[0.006011962424963713]
[0.0005693410057574511]
[0.09098324179649353]
[0.013737675733864307]
[0.00674065388739109]
[0.002640967257320881]
[0.048207029700279236]
[0.009511872194707394]
[0.02386743389070034]
[0.00443422794342041]
[0.17896531522274017]
[0.002158032264560461]
[0.15529486536979675]
[0.0017163342563435435]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.002908199792727828]
[0.0006274203187786043]
[0.004917269106954336]
[0.05196363106369972]
[0.13714632391929626]
[0.049433741718530655]
[0.0582929365336895]
[0.07300421595573425]
[0.0012729738373309374]
[1.1350560188293457]
[0.06653536111116409]
[0.0373031347990036]
[0.0630238801240921]
[0.08418631553649902]
[0.0006616419414058328]
[0.0006653830641880631]
[0.7965495586395264]
[0.016079163178801537]
[0.004887117072939873]
[0.004288821015506983]
[0.004044715315103531]
[0.0028432204853743315]
[0.047385334968566895]
[0.01879200153052807]
[0.021112853661179543]
[0.06299993395805359]
[0.12038793414831161]
[0.11839661747217178]
[0.0011013374896720052]
[0.044075507670640945]
[0.0027746581472456455]
[0.126150444149971]
[0.002303615678101778]
[0.10414845496416092]
[0.0006026990013197064]
[0.17557179927825928]
[0.018664145842194557]
[0.07665277272462845]
[0.07305223494768143]
[0.4420991837978363]
[0.0027278221677988768]
[0.06292136758565903]
[0.0005696099833585322]
[0.0019080358324572444]
[0.0007742447196505964]
[0.007264251820743084]
[0.0035912010353058577]
[0.001330256462097168]
[0.8872193098068237]
[0.0025024167262017727]
[0.0005494961515069008]
[0.0007601467659696937]
[0.002028074348345399]
[0.0005577523843385279]
[0.14545071125030518]
[0.0004711217770818621]
[0.0005642374162562191]
[0.3309364318847656]
[0.1651953160762787]
[0.16108806431293488]
[0.017528662458062172]
[0.003375349333509803]
[0.1386968344449997]
[0.07322364300489426]
[0.03213385492563248]
[0.00041902519296854734]
[0.06295857578516006]
[0.06295640021562576]
[0.027914326637983322]
[0.13879723846912384]
[0.019283095374703407]
[0.00572589598596096]
[0.029416440054774284]
[0.044408801943063736]
[0.029448676854372025]
[0.0008577951812185347]
[0.00533044058829546]
[0.0016414938727393746]
[0.0005965469172224402]
[0.4752907454967499]
[0.0011036185314878821]
[0.06283862888813019]
[0.003032088978216052]
[0.028353435918688774]
[0.02008957229554653]
[0.017803050577640533]
[0.06275677680969238]
[0.017000799998641014]
[0.09263665229082108]
[0.07687098532915115]
[0.06127696856856346]
[0.06266887485980988]
[0.0732327252626419]
[0.04040522873401642]
[0.0005570350331254303]
[0.003187925321981311]
[0.02823535166680813]
[0.06257562339305878]
[0.14506228268146515]
[0.2471340298652649]
[0.003987065050750971]
[0.015385042876005173]
[0.0004384269705042243]
[0.018037354573607445]
[0.002852327423170209]
[0.06247229874134064]
[0.0050812684930861]
[0.0015253103338181973]
[0.005836700089275837]
[0.27523571252822876]
[0.0003739417588803917]
[0.0005881296820007265]
[0.048638854175806046]
[0.0790029987692833]
[0.0007501462823711336]
[0.0011011516908183694]
[0.03413187339901924]
[0.38192132115364075]
[0.0021118768490850925]
[0.0003892355307471007]
[0.0021172959823161364]
[0.0009194019949063659]
[0.18287797272205353]
[0.06228988617658615]
[0.0048689390532672405]
[0.13179482519626617]
[0.006416646298021078]
[0.12702888250350952]
[0.15845538675785065]
[0.07783719897270203]
[0.013482848182320595]
[0.005217323079705238]
[0.06226534768939018]
[0.0006028981297276914]
[0.0012621344067156315]
[0.002319818129763007]
[0.062243975698947906]
[0.07306163012981415]
[0.07888742536306381]
[0.0005820057704113424]
[0.07536670565605164]
[0.0019275457598268986]
[0.0005510605406016111]
[0.0010338028660044074]
[0.055594395846128464]
[0.07086918503046036]
[0.0006005204049870372]
[0.001782687148079276]
[0.018458228558301926]
[0.10181631147861481]
[0.0017866322305053473]
[0.07291130721569061]
[0.0018058146815747023]
[0.0006605213275179267]
[0.016435731202363968]
[0.014233349822461605]
[0.036174509674310684]
[0.0470743291079998]
[0.0016995992045849562]
[0.004092295654118061]
[0.0006498969160020351]
[0.0623062402009964]
[0.007241150364279747]
[0.004564416129142046]
[0.005525320302695036]
[0.006679181009531021]
[0.0023042233660817146]
[0.062249455600976944]
[0.01158194337040186]
[0.25142499804496765]
[0.0012373204808682203]
[0.02184358984231949]
[0.0008080264669843018]
[0.1971137821674347]
[0.0004817430744878948]
[0.0621301494538784]
[0.07284720242023468]
[0.00044972277828492224]
[0.0007271303911693394]
[0.060843855142593384]
[0.062037743628025055]
[0.053318411111831665]
[0.11412364989519119]
[0.01584096997976303]
[0.02548389695584774]
[0.2010180503129959]
[0.0030652908608317375]
[0.43030238151550293]
[0.013258167542517185]
[0.07669603824615479]
[0.0702076107263565]
[0.00041386214434169233]
[0.061947084963321686]
[0.0005556423566304147]
[0.04465135931968689]
[0.0640343651175499]
[0.0027030000928789377]
[0.0033203093335032463]
[0.0005691254045814276]
[0.0016340103466063738]
[0.037644967436790466]
[0.00464968103915453]
[0.09396633505821228]
[0.061874017119407654]
[0.06289540976285934]
[0.002139356918632984]
[0.06183498352766037]
[0.0013008791720494628]
[0.0004436239250935614]
[0.006958076264709234]
[0.10250452160835266]
[0.002990114036947489]
[0.04600419104099274]
[0.038551215082407]
[0.061705704778432846]
[0.06168080493807793]
[0.0027566382195800543]
[0.10703232884407043]
[0.19330346584320068]
[0.061567697674036026]
[0.001931605744175613]
[0.000490540056489408]
[0.04367717728018761]
[0.0006518830196000636]
[0.02241690456867218]
[0.09500319510698318]
[0.07283215969800949]
[0.10544786602258682]
[0.0006681507802568376]
[0.0011399934301152825]
[0.0006957093137316406]
[0.002580326749011874]
[0.12247318029403687]
[0.06106824427843094]
[0.0016980116488412023]
[0.22241893410682678]
[0.001777066383510828]
[0.04463814198970795]
[0.20900651812553406]
[0.0028501146007329226]
[0.011509672738611698]
[0.002508272184059024]
[0.08696276694536209]
[0.00798610970377922]
[0.14154817163944244]
[0.017498917877674103]
[0.0728607177734375]
[0.01715737022459507]
[0.04487858712673187]
[0.0019377885619178414]
[0.0004966259584762156]
[0.0006470555090345442]
[0.4540881812572479]
[0.003058789297938347]
[0.21377654373645782]
[0.06143457815051079]
[0.0014019075315445662]
[0.01629818044602871]
[0.0019087273394688964]
[0.0016766163753345609]
[0.0004498469934333116]
[0.13122574985027313]
[0.004162139724940062]
[0.05312781035900116]
[0.09370680153369904]
[0.0006458551506511867]
[0.0003900034062098712]
[0.04249386861920357]
[0.036552105098962784]
[0.004282878711819649]
[0.0022707232274115086]
[0.004496308043599129]
[0.0010776419658213854]
[0.0005380345392040908]
[0.07234513759613037]
[0.0021022011060267687]
[0.040870439261198044]
[0.003425611648708582]
[0.0014987322501838207]
[0.18672072887420654]
[0.0012918274151161313]
[0.17171330749988556]
[0.2445717304944992]
[0.10266896337270737]
[0.004422939382493496]
[0.12498262524604797]
[0.002582584274932742]
[0.002902479376643896]
[0.0005592782981693745]
[0.0020611309446394444]
[0.0012262283125892282]
[0.0005452845362015069]
[0.054907940328121185]
[0.009693646803498268]
[0.0009297225042246282]
[0.004013019613921642]
[0.0006583596696145833]
[0.0007126893615350127]
[0.08143772929906845]
[0.16337457299232483]
[0.0572386309504509]
[0.004459037911146879]
[0.06894037872552872]
[0.11777422577142715]
[0.053206779062747955]
[0.03869391977787018]
[0.10468655824661255]
[0.002157325390726328]
[0.04512486979365349]
[0.0019868151284754276]
[0.03636190667748451]
[0.06115895137190819]
[0.009293530136346817]
[0.0006923758191987872]
[0.06298097223043442]
[0.175913468003273]
[0.0010691897477954626]
[0.00525929918512702]
[0.00507284514605999]
[0.03382391482591629]
[0.09365976601839066]
[0.00037036454887129366]
[0.1121092289686203]
[0.06900319457054138]
[0.0006965242209844291]
[0.061101607978343964]
[0.002757128793746233]
[0.000764665543101728]
[0.003035100642591715]
[0.024333901703357697]
[0.0014468840090557933]
[0.0028443497139960527]
[0.10046694427728653]
[0.0027088343631476164]
[0.0010751077206805348]
[0.07899996638298035]
[0.0028443876653909683]
[0.03874322772026062]
[0.0014873190084472299]
[0.3094920814037323]
[0.06111207976937294]
[0.0027054515667259693]
[0.00040522980270907283]
[0.06634920090436935]
[0.0006884272443130612]
[0.004394989460706711]
[0.0006081277970224619]
[0.40782269835472107]
[0.00400216318666935]
[0.03750334307551384]
[0.027653563767671585]
[0.0013166724238544703]
[0.0005172922974452376]
[0.00046211955486796796]
[0.06107101961970329]
[0.0005784269887953997]
[0.0005610885564237833]
[0.00487935496494174]
[0.12784016132354736]
[0.0007518298225477338]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0019994170870631933]
[0.07257843017578125]
[0.0026907508727163076]
[0.002179950475692749]
[0.14086931943893433]
[0.11875918507575989]
[0.04411813244223595]
[0.06101062893867493]
[0.0003688737051561475]
[0.09843986481428146]
[0.010637790895998478]
[0.003004610538482666]
[0.003855463583022356]
[0.2609979808330536]
[0.03162408247590065]
[0.06098277121782303]
[0.0032246492337435484]
[0.008244894444942474]
[0.007305212784558535]
[0.0031779007986187935]
[0.2016424685716629]
[0.26739072799682617]
[0.026489512994885445]
[0.032311663031578064]
[0.06093146279454231]
[0.07245318591594696]
[0.0007927664555609226]
[0.0009512672550044954]
[0.10153834521770477]
[0.005519753787666559]
[0.02212274633347988]
[0.002294509671628475]
[0.056148529052734375]
[0.0012605562806129456]
[0.060891732573509216]
[0.002721842611208558]
[0.00147282297257334]
[0.012313535436987877]
[0.05874141305685043]
[0.003174808109179139]
[0.0004045043606311083]
[0.0034212260507047176]
[0.0010145427659153938]
[0.002751941094174981]
[0.0009544661734253168]
[0.08561144769191742]
[0.00062072544824332]
[0.008843354880809784]
[0.002207143697887659]
[0.11226146668195724]
[0.06078760325908661]
[0.04386211931705475]
[0.24332734942436218]
[0.0005504960427060723]
[0.010080230422317982]
[0.037091389298439026]
[0.00037301014526747167]
[0.011396233923733234]
[0.0007131994352675974]
[0.39593860507011414]
[0.0028874692507088184]
[0.005537427496165037]
[0.0029806261882185936]
[0.09098140895366669]
[0.0027378075756132603]
[0.07214052230119705]
[0.04678024724125862]
[0.0027359460946172476]
[0.00048073928337544203]
[0.06069514900445938]
[0.12359645217657089]
[0.001209039124660194]
[0.023172788321971893]
[0.010423855856060982]
[0.10460587590932846]
[0.23880428075790405]
[0.12704649567604065]
[0.037551399320364]
[0.01018309686332941]
[0.00309769157320261]
[0.0006723403930664062]
[0.000754626642446965]
[0.0006184933008626103]
[0.0006259714718908072]
[0.03685060888528824]
[0.006472778506577015]
[0.0013174304040148854]
[0.0006284373230300844]
[0.16439078748226166]
[0.19841879606246948]
[0.0526391826570034]
[0.003070061095058918]
[0.00855613686144352]
[0.0004312864621169865]
[0.4083267152309418]
[0.0010043926304206252]
[0.0011241817846894264]
[0.02221524715423584]
[0.002493076492100954]
[0.002500651404261589]
[0.0487993061542511]
[0.0019229825120419264]
[0.029802920296788216]
[0.06054259464144707]
[0.003148747608065605]
[0.3123650848865509]
[0.04896533861756325]
[0.06122910603880882]
[0.00040950969560071826]
[0.0186984334141016]
[0.060475464910268784]
[0.13729557394981384]
[0.06044062599539757]
[0.06041218712925911]
[0.027762047946453094]
[0.06033850833773613]
[0.0023721931502223015]
[0.0034355137031525373]
[0.20158448815345764]
[0.03863045573234558]
[0.0020757820457220078]
[0.36669617891311646]
[0.20980298519134521]
[0.058063678443431854]
[0.062314342707395554]
[0.0022803712636232376]
[0.0024182016495615244]
[0.06006423383951187]
[0.0037418606225401163]
[0.033897239714860916]
[0.0006233800668269396]
[0.17656053602695465]
[0.0038300699088722467]
[0.002247872296720743]
[0.0020859548822045326]
[0.020760977640748024]
[0.006705354433506727]
[0.0746593028306961]
[0.17525488138198853]
[0.018649274483323097]
[0.061828598380088806]
[0.005859933327883482]
[0.0021085082553327084]
[0.00043029195512644947]
[0.013565386645495892]
[0.03161284327507019]
[0.05993787199258804]
[0.0821753516793251]
[0.001429869094863534]
[0.07249081879854202]
[0.0019706212915480137]
[0.09351403266191483]
[0.00043655873741954565]
[0.12161419540643692]
[0.011579548008739948]
[0.004608435090631247]
[0.0183966476470232]
[0.05994126945734024]
[0.007012063171714544]
[0.0004428390820976347]
[0.04830789938569069]
[0.4373653531074524]
[0.0821574404835701]
[0.14260491728782654]
[0.24426323175430298]
[0.044351011514663696]
[0.05468188226222992]
[0.0932895764708519]
[0.09324939548969269]
[0.0026346102822571993]
[0.005017036106437445]
[0.0038147899322211742]
[0.001089935889467597]
[0.12845012545585632]
[0.12830325961112976]
[0.24254177510738373]
[0.059961967170238495]
[0.04692525789141655]
[0.0006356978556141257]
[0.09279846400022507]
[0.014713854528963566]
[0.016326451674103737]
[0.0024550706148147583]
[0.09468313306570053]
[0.025891177356243134]
[0.03287748247385025]
[0.002716266782954335]
[0.09702692925930023]
[0.0292753167450428]
[0.0028943377546966076]
[0.0010333530372008681]
[0.060078009963035583]
[0.0024945896584540606]
[0.001317326445132494]
[0.001253160065971315]
[0.0028741101268678904]
[0.0010264592710882425]
[0.048114050179719925]
[0.19986039400100708]
[0.2557657063007355]
[0.0017887529684230685]
[0.17119936645030975]
[0.060078077018260956]
[0.015193650498986244]
[0.18643878400325775]
[0.2495989352464676]
[0.0030668131075799465]
[0.013253338634967804]
[0.06000421196222305]
[0.0006395662785507739]
[0.001799272489733994]
[0.0952252745628357]
[0.0017599560087546706]
[0.20430855453014374]
[0.03580323979258537]
[0.0029366263188421726]
[0.0036227391101419926]
[0.02406611293554306]
[0.07889579981565475]
[0.0007176556391641498]
[0.0018408495234325528]
[0.040438972413539886]
[0.03390026465058327]
[0.19834288954734802]
[0.12282902002334595]
[0.003480573883280158]
[0.007234121672809124]
[0.07287228107452393]
[0.004464080557227135]
[0.000797107582911849]
[0.013811453245580196]
[0.05261063203215599]
[0.07283548265695572]
[0.0007142323884181678]
[0.072791188955307]
[0.05489860102534294]
[0.3301979899406433]
[0.0015533070545643568]
[0.0036026728339493275]
[0.17624631524085999]
[0.1546379029750824]
[0.0007132394821383059]
[0.0017431534361094236]
[0.0428929440677166]
[0.09158210456371307]
[0.018055923283100128]
[0.060194794088602066]
[0.0023775824811309576]
[0.18521739542484283]
[0.021177859976887703]
[0.037558168172836304]
[0.0029044265393167734]
[0.004342823289334774]
[0.03045063465833664]
[0.00594366667792201]
[0.0014954182552173734]
[0.00343420566059649]
[0.06025233119726181]
[0.19930130243301392]
[0.03552008420228958]
[0.0006638261838816106]
[0.0015283956890925765]
[0.024489374831318855]
[0.14627574384212494]
[0.003324575023725629]
[0.10856413096189499]
[0.20111674070358276]
[0.043022532016038895]
[0.060240887105464935]
[0.023671986535191536]
[0.06023920699954033]
[0.43238529562950134]
[0.0007101076189428568]
[0.06020371615886688]
[0.0018122754991054535]
[0.0009687868296168745]
[0.08166683465242386]
[0.0006491917301900685]
[0.01200655847787857]
[0.012142837978899479]
[0.07238713651895523]
[0.017797667533159256]
[0.0006400285055860877]
[0.017258815467357635]
[0.1739441454410553]
[0.0007358462316915393]
[0.14677220582962036]
[0.0006216334877535701]
[0.06785257160663605]
[0.05997190997004509]
[0.05214796960353851]
[0.00276214350014925]
[0.05093284696340561]
[0.03357686102390289]
[0.031792063266038895]
[0.004929803777486086]
[0.03335599601268768]
[0.0005786098190583289]
[0.0015069162473082542]
[0.05991506204009056]
[0.005053391680121422]
[0.025078196078538895]
[0.001177429687231779]
[0.09815419465303421]
[0.059861406683921814]
[0.008733662776648998]
[0.0010709625203162432]
[0.059809327125549316]
[0.07565195858478546]
[0.05736790597438812]
[0.0011146836914122105]
[0.025973523035645485]
[0.11524418741464615]
[0.0035501825623214245]
[0.095061294734478]
[0.0027287397533655167]
[0.01544402725994587]
[1.135767936706543]
[0.2855392098426819]
[0.01653679460287094]
[0.0029910858720541]
[0.000736701360438019]
[0.028362156823277473]
[0.002865377115085721]
[0.009120605885982513]
[0.05130075290799141]
[0.05237765237689018]
[0.05686235427856445]
[0.000747034908272326]
[0.05965634435415268]
[0.001706963637843728]
[0.0030584651976823807]
[0.0005646285135298967]
[0.018505092710256577]
[0.059588149189949036]
[0.05956300348043442]
[0.005608052015304565]
[0.030695684254169464]
[0.0047411369159817696]
[0.02463526278734207]
[0.0026571962516754866]
[0.0922609269618988]
[0.0593966543674469]
[0.20821599662303925]
[0.10501109808683395]
[0.02914487197995186]
[0.059320904314517975]
[0.0016908188117668033]
[0.0027561308816075325]
[0.009449704550206661]
[0.09321516752243042]
[0.10590428113937378]
[0.03247135132551193]
[0.00307184224948287]
[0.25166213512420654]
[0.05915192514657974]
[0.14817756414413452]
[0.17997035384178162]
[0.000545984017662704]
[0.1681685447692871]
[0.004044633824378252]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.24488286674022675]
[0.04288890212774277]
[0.05893779173493385]
[0.058909155428409576]
[0.20242613554000854]
[0.019164878875017166]
[0.00474655581638217]
[0.23600661754608154]
[0.0917062759399414]
[0.05875081568956375]
[0.05509138107299805]
[0.058708306401968]
[0.0034485626965761185]
[0.04750297591090202]
[0.09164265543222427]
[0.008741690777242184]
[0.002128956839442253]
[0.004342121072113514]
[0.003639437025412917]
[0.0700007975101471]
[0.2670760452747345]
[0.05169041082262993]
[0.10118334740400314]
[0.1023261621594429]
[0.29301413893699646]
[0.5911745429039001]
[0.07614897191524506]
[0.04026953876018524]
[0.0011889709858223796]
[0.0006246570264920592]
[0.0008309311233460903]
[0.17700576782226562]
[0.3352489471435547]
[0.0008881972753442824]
[0.04317322373390198]
[0.20747314393520355]
[0.0038363952189683914]
[0.003138330765068531]
[0.05592968314886093]
[0.15114162862300873]
[0.0007801734027452767]
[0.0007823125342838466]
[0.0020583707373589277]
[0.0037798902485519648]
[0.07255449146032333]
[0.040606580674648285]
[0.05866990610957146]
[0.0034487824887037277]
[0.09107412397861481]
[0.045486535876989365]
[0.0035857046023011208]
[0.0008511655032634735]
[0.0008337907493114471]
[0.0008316115126945078]
[0.07611128687858582]
[0.0007322614546865225]
[0.06881792843341827]
[0.09436175227165222]
[0.003298155264928937]
[0.07378450036048889]
[0.003485923632979393]
[0.002110881032422185]
[0.0021132035180926323]
[0.0030509009957313538]
[0.1429755538702011]
[0.058713674545288086]
[0.0520629845559597]
[0.10143204033374786]
[0.27942171692848206]
[0.058644093573093414]
[0.0031684821005910635]
[0.09719973802566528]
[0.0032847814727574587]
[0.035207346081733704]
[0.0729798972606659]
[0.0035317849833518267]
[0.0035306725185364485]
[0.044837698340415955]
[0.1189391240477562]
[0.0034603187814354897]
[0.0012799404794350266]
[0.0015144417993724346]
[0.09050467610359192]
[0.0007257163524627686]
[0.017987992614507675]
[0.05855822190642357]
[0.0007705739699304104]
[0.0018646834651008248]
[0.0007289999630302191]
[0.04795055091381073]
[0.003024378791451454]
[0.002928568981587887]
[0.35796916484832764]
[0.0007272415678016841]
[0.10738512873649597]
[0.21069426834583282]
[0.0016504317754879594]
[0.0026698389556258917]
[0.14407485723495483]
[0.10390931367874146]
[0.0017355841118842363]
[0.0016527367988601327]
[0.13719682395458221]
[0.006200603675097227]
[0.015058271586894989]
[0.0006258500507101417]
[0.0027175643481314182]
[0.01794346794486046]
[0.002773390617221594]
[0.05867656692862511]
[0.0007254935917444527]
[0.03662780672311783]
[0.04976440966129303]
[0.0007225801236927509]
[0.000738421396818012]
[0.0006935493438504636]
[0.05867020785808563]
[0.5393714904785156]
[0.0024885234888643026]
[0.01780497282743454]
[0.002294485457241535]
[0.0018362132832407951]
[0.037245020270347595]
[0.01995685324072838]
[0.14338144659996033]
[0.0660611093044281]
[0.0036836666986346245]
[0.004078029189258814]
[0.329853892326355]
[0.022400038316845894]
[0.046684373170137405]
[0.03448646888136864]
[0.10337577015161514]
[0.1330813616514206]
[0.12817665934562683]
[0.0008899957756511867]
[0.05870619788765907]
[0.029881954193115234]
[0.05233830586075783]
[0.058705590665340424]
[0.003848183434456587]
[0.23724475502967834]
[0.058674830943346024]
[0.08996381610631943]
[0.06536851078271866]
[0.0011902335099875927]
[0.07728338986635208]
[0.23751948773860931]
[0.0013092857552692294]
[0.09230820834636688]
[0.007349218707531691]
[0.07577401399612427]
[0.07658372819423676]
[0.23482924699783325]
[0.03241613507270813]
[0.03854154050350189]
[0.05189130827784538]
[0.0017456423956900835]
[0.003630310297012329]
[0.01973983459174633]
[0.04319361224770546]
[0.058518681675195694]
[0.00312783382833004]
[0.0006137637537904084]
[0.01781429350376129]
[0.0018677802290767431]
[0.013268761336803436]
[0.058469489216804504]
[0.10886915028095245]
[0.006952260155230761]
[0.10544630140066147]
[0.10434441268444061]
[0.15532250702381134]
[0.1893126666545868]
[0.002287345938384533]
[0.17332465946674347]
[0.001470052171498537]
[0.002483004704117775]
[0.0007605631835758686]
[0.03519929572939873]
[0.0010105755645781755]
[0.2956802248954773]
[0.0008571476209908724]
[0.09604308009147644]
[0.05293997377157211]
[0.05843197926878929]
[0.0016929437406361103]
[0.0025760200805962086]
[0.22613069415092468]
[0.0006080257007852197]
[0.001126352814026177]
[0.002324729925021529]
[0.03855515643954277]
[0.0006324389833025634]
[0.0025770061183720827]
[0.0008075588848441839]
[0.06746856123209]
[0.0009131401893682778]
[0.029058121144771576]
[0.0626174658536911]
[0.04861549288034439]
[0.0009512305841781199]
[0.0030117109417915344]
[11.252633094787598]
[0.08925642818212509]
[0.009263431653380394]
[0.0005758835468441248]
[0.004720915574580431]
[0.07060570269823074]
[0.0006231245934031904]
[0.07642333209514618]
[0.1709381490945816]
[0.03858231008052826]
[0.4098166525363922]
[0.10580550879240036]
[0.07609923183917999]
[0.05883044749498367]
[0.02229626476764679]
[0.05760841816663742]
[0.016126379370689392]
[0.005138118751347065]
[0.0012507024221122265]
[0.0008479734533466399]
[0.004135575145483017]
[0.05884017422795296]
[0.05882976949214935]
[0.0843878909945488]
[0.10406646877527237]
[0.058750953525304794]
[0.082587830722332]
[0.03762214630842209]
[0.058680590242147446]
[0.0008775120368227363]
[0.05861996114253998]
[0.047889336943626404]
[0.06770674884319305]
[0.0008875014609657228]
[0.3047969937324524]
[0.1818842738866806]
[0.0007201960543170571]
[0.021166346967220306]
[0.0007367012440226972]
[0.0027683686930686235]
[0.17151443660259247]
[0.01339879259467125]
[0.0036318579223006964]
[0.19873109459877014]
[0.002177345799282193]
[0.017025893554091454]
[0.023554734885692596]
[0.0026779798790812492]
[0.000988268875516951]
[0.0028590180445462465]
[0.0064751505851745605]
[0.0014654005644842982]
[0.021324001252651215]
[0.09937776625156403]
[0.06731855869293213]
[0.13253232836723328]
[0.0005051265470683575]
[0.09722787141799927]
[0.003680182620882988]
[0.0013544842367991805]
[0.0010817238362506032]
[0.0022521314676851034]
[0.0011763718212023377]
[0.0059541636146605015]
[0.0020305539947003126]
[0.024188177660107613]
[0.03128558397293091]
[0.08975865691900253]
[0.0035376388113945723]
[0.024184318259358406]
[0.07367942482233047]
[0.07366101443767548]
[0.0010600071400403976]
[0.0035631509963423014]
[0.22766707837581635]
[0.02774728089570999]
[0.0931033119559288]
[0.012800876051187515]
[0.058670345693826675]
[0.05867132171988487]
[0.3547380864620209]
[0.0012881108559668064]
[0.13744457066059113]
[0.0016090432181954384]
[0.03629908338189125]
[0.4360503852367401]
[0.2850881814956665]
[0.001039004186168313]
[0.03068348579108715]
[0.022409455850720406]
[0.0009278312209062278]
[0.03168407082557678]
[0.0012762976111844182]
[0.11653956770896912]
[0.19286468625068665]
[0.0034936259035021067]
[0.2137949913740158]
[0.09358861297369003]
[0.03077687695622444]
[0.0034804895985871553]
[0.028979836031794548]
[0.039354704320430756]
[0.13675557076931]
[0.006001188885420561]
[0.05853148549795151]
[0.058530956506729126]
[0.006553526967763901]
[0.0017267197836190462]
[0.0043330565094947815]
[0.001127415569499135]
[0.032115109264850616]
[0.020243335515260696]
[0.001275428687222302]
[0.007434546481817961]
[0.0035432102158665657]
[0.07361048460006714]
[0.004925545770674944]
[0.00410627294331789]
[0.0010011926060542464]
[0.03757874295115471]
[0.0049278754740953445]
[0.006004095543175936]
[0.08975719660520554]
[0.10384392738342285]
[0.03535955399274826]
[0.005433627869933844]
[0.05860203877091408]
[0.10226108878850937]
[0.05617961287498474]
[0.07154135406017303]
[0.00794695783406496]
[0.0022138641215860844]
[0.005085415672510862]
[0.038442205637693405]
[0.00479326443746686]
[0.058695293962955475]
[0.058694470673799515]
[0.017533868551254272]
[0.005276652052998543]
[0.058662716299295425]
[0.0288411695510149]
[0.0014540934935212135]
[0.0033168706577271223]
[0.001471271039918065]
[0.03451437130570412]
[0.12321149557828903]
[0.02032250165939331]
[0.0009171297424472868]
[0.10409822314977646]
[0.0032737019937485456]
[0.003020353615283966]
[0.005323763471096754]
[0.029314465820789337]
[0.05859939754009247]
[0.003885208396241069]
[0.14437149465084076]
[0.022340428084135056]
[0.03821215033531189]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.05858432874083519]
[0.07316479831933975]
[0.0011463223490864038]
[0.003235273063182831]
[0.0008791748550720513]
[0.19326511025428772]
[0.005340399220585823]
[0.012247332371771336]
[0.0511661060154438]
[0.040850844234228134]
[0.003212470095604658]
[0.046397365629673004]
[0.2971230447292328]
[0.058552756905555725]
[0.0013986394042149186]
[0.025551462545990944]
[0.0013974360190331936]
[0.002811095444485545]
[0.000863954599481076]
[0.006159083917737007]
[0.05849204584956169]
[0.005248628091067076]
[0.0335109643638134]
[0.5864850282669067]
[0.0024522042367607355]
[0.058430999517440796]
[0.1104438379406929]
[0.0009517201106064022]
[0.3205665946006775]
[0.012503692880272865]
[0.10830315947532654]
[0.04741305857896805]
[0.0010981105733662844]
[0.004776258487254381]
[0.04177498817443848]
[0.0051088775508105755]
[0.1529388129711151]
[0.08078012615442276]
[0.025956807658076286]
[0.26444923877716064]
[0.00490594282746315]
[0.0020571486093103886]
[0.004674462601542473]
[0.11696720868349075]
[0.0043214187026023865]
[0.0040945569053292274]
[0.05846795067191124]
[0.004643825814127922]
[0.0007627230370417237]
[0.0008808862185105681]
[0.004521593917161226]
[0.0007924835663288832]
[0.05848584324121475]
[0.00807830598205328]
[0.004349211696535349]
[0.003967684227973223]
[0.016587190330028534]
[0.07007074356079102]
[0.004117581527680159]
[0.004619057290256023]
[0.06379952281713486]
[0.10902353376150131]
[0.07989988476037979]
[0.05851968750357628]
[0.03612920269370079]
[0.0005787256523035467]
[0.09459304064512253]
[0.08966714143753052]
[0.004470385145395994]
[0.0012996153673157096]
[0.00402664951980114]
[0.0010489452397450805]
[0.09602750092744827]
[0.0010207223240286112]
[0.7249914407730103]
[0.0018767729634419084]
[0.08930006623268127]
[0.04569898173213005]
[0.07318270206451416]
[0.013306203298270702]
[0.12081612646579742]
[0.5564684867858887]
[0.23898597061634064]
[0.4582120180130005]
[0.02725239098072052]
[0.10418405383825302]
[0.6859509348869324]
[0.0009229956776835024]
[0.6604850888252258]
[0.003038934664800763]
[0.004740959033370018]
[0.0678810328245163]
[0.0034756562672555447]
[0.0033341841772198677]
[0.05894587188959122]
[0.0010854770662263036]
[0.25134503841400146]
[0.0005994114326313138]
[0.0512734018266201]
[0.0016162166139110923]
[0.07913830876350403]
[0.05905621871352196]
[0.0022448820527642965]
[0.0021036977414041758]
[0.3727567195892334]
[0.003590709762647748]
[2.4319941997528076]
[0.001106546726077795]
[1.026861548423767]
[0.0015164045616984367]
[0.0018015679670497775]
[0.9874886870384216]
[0.15134583413600922]
[0.008322088979184628]
[0.027984637767076492]
[0.7812080979347229]
[0.00281248870305717]
[0.0817171111702919]
[0.13435983657836914]
[0.2259870022535324]
[0.0031486465595662594]
[0.513767421245575]
[0.24108585715293884]
[0.5174401998519897]
[0.09703098982572556]
[0.11156783998012543]
[0.004077857825905085]
[0.00361077138222754]
[0.0031835762783885]
[0.043218061327934265]
[0.40506210923194885]
[0.0021651366259902716]
[0.0013133996399119496]
[0.04757852479815483]
[0.5989489555358887]
[0.3785246014595032]
[0.0011734610889106989]
[0.1134663000702858]
[0.05925040692090988]
[0.1770215779542923]
[0.36413928866386414]
[0.010283607058227062]
[0.0023165999446064234]
[0.08635333925485611]
[0.004047671798616648]
[0.07308278977870941]
[0.001305946847423911]
[0.07351420074701309]
[0.4719512462615967]
[0.017720717936754227]
[0.13342943787574768]
[0.08977008610963821]
[0.0594174899160862]
[0.3710399568080902]
[0.06062440946698189]
[0.003753709839656949]
[0.001139794010668993]
[0.003460675710812211]
[0.0033991190139204264]
[0.30216890573501587]
[0.02108333259820938]
[0.003320299321785569]
[0.045461829751729965]
[0.0016159317456185818]
[0.0012073827674612403]
[0.10307825356721878]
[0.0071549867279827595]
[2.7696707248687744]
[0.029542002826929092]
[0.058059290051460266]
[0.3434271514415741]
[0.035204239189624786]
[0.001414444879628718]
[0.003687901422381401]
[0.3497501313686371]
[0.003047344973310828]
[0.10354812443256378]
[0.6871545910835266]
[0.3165072500705719]
[0.0030689307022839785]
[0.0041847797110676765]
[0.004088335204869509]
[0.014064837247133255]
[0.0009880955331027508]
[0.0012025453615933657]
[0.059682779014110565]
[0.015915516763925552]
[0.002584310481324792]
[0.09643533080816269]
[0.0033663567155599594]
[0.5374429821968079]
[0.07279103994369507]
[0.6637067198753357]
[2.068704128265381]
[0.18006892502307892]
[0.059977564960718155]
[0.004668356850743294]
[0.060099124908447266]
[0.0034105265513062477]
[0.004737095441669226]
[0.21373721957206726]
[0.003456949256360531]
[0.7912350296974182]
[0.10908620804548264]
[0.5476639270782471]
[0.00577433779835701]
[0.05802234634757042]
[0.28439176082611084]
[0.0049328990280628204]
[0.16286373138427734]
[0.08357786387205124]
[0.7142009139060974]
[0.08747874945402145]
[0.10693658143281937]
[0.06778352707624435]
[0.018288277089595795]
[0.061647411435842514]
[0.0070011853240430355]
[0.08195455372333527]
[0.004074185620993376]
[0.06698784977197647]
[0.054175518453121185]
[0.02000867761671543]
[0.07152777910232544]
[0.03075064904987812]
[0.09166564047336578]
[0.07375691086053848]
[0.0019318072590976954]
[0.006116964388638735]
[0.0065327975898981094]
[0.09970167279243469]
[0.003957050386816263]
[0.027178991585969925]
[0.0038777035661041737]
[0.06117379665374756]
[0.001955246552824974]
[0.22719410061836243]
[0.0023564614821225405]
[0.12101494520902634]
[0.014757663942873478]
[0.002331139286980033]
[0.0018998708110302687]
[0.006578761152923107]
[0.16270901262760162]
[0.006293959449976683]
[0.11327213048934937]
[0.005345224868506193]
[0.06137524172663689]
[0.001935750711709261]
[0.0018919494468718767]
[0.037410296499729156]
[0.47055983543395996]
[0.21569864451885223]
[0.0019346576882526278]
[0.010745122097432613]
[0.10260102897882462]
[0.037499696016311646]
[0.034524478018283844]
[0.0907321646809578]
[0.23770089447498322]
[0.008282518945634365]
[0.004021978005766869]
[0.029277918860316277]
[0.0038171089254319668]
[0.003827327862381935]
[0.13942913711071014]
[0.004293272737413645]
[0.0037075418513268232]
[0.0037078929599374533]
[0.14581933617591858]
[0.006631786003708839]
[0.03111109510064125]
[0.10050938278436661]
[0.001784597523510456]
[0.002149126259610057]
[0.028253842145204544]
[0.005086519289761782]
[0.00496221799403429]
[0.031806837767362595]
[0.0017729796236380935]
[0.0017079004319384694]
[0.12722179293632507]
[0.0035502559039741755]
[0.14855369925498962]
[0.004886156879365444]
[0.027186768129467964]
[0.3098350465297699]
[0.061543434858322144]
[0.18943361937999725]
[0.01925448328256607]
[0.0016471120761707425]
[0.06151661276817322]
[0.06149629130959511]
[0.07319191098213196]
[0.20507116615772247]
[0.004991593305021524]
[0.0613933689892292]
[0.20245353877544403]
[0.07315916568040848]
[0.2664269506931305]
[0.05259840935468674]
[0.001555327675305307]
[0.003473655553534627]
[0.03491182252764702]
[0.00159759062808007]
[0.0017918014200404286]
[0.3848120868206024]
[0.003550668014213443]
[0.005014057271182537]
[0.0018019197741523385]
[0.06432848423719406]
[0.05365826562047005]
[0.004838671535253525]
[0.173032745718956]
[0.061197537928819656]
[0.25770899653434753]
[0.0015180761693045497]
[0.003445445327088237]
[0.005014937371015549]
[0.00372435268945992]
[0.005828474182635546]
[0.0036205619107931852]
[0.07347359508275986]
[0.004704901482909918]
[0.03108135424554348]
[0.0013662369456142187]
[0.07817995548248291]
[0.00159260886721313]
[0.060984306037425995]
[0.0013802532339468598]
[0.0032709145452827215]
[0.0013654361246153712]
[0.060929056257009506]
[0.07176204025745392]
[0.005842093378305435]
[0.11321476846933365]
[0.0033154324628412724]
[0.09484797716140747]
[0.4407702386379242]
[0.7395321130752563]
[0.0013392551336437464]
[0.025503065437078476]
[0.05419327691197395]
[0.2718135714530945]
[0.16903428733348846]
[0.07301788032054901]
[0.06095452606678009]
[0.008383862674236298]
[0.06092924252152443]
[0.06090230867266655]
[0.0014577481197193265]
[0.08453076332807541]
[0.004837853834033012]
[0.20417848229408264]
[0.05157271400094032]
[0.0032749322708696127]
[0.22014670073986053]
[0.004019962158054113]
[0.06057702377438545]
[0.18070703744888306]
[0.07405377924442291]
[0.006996471434831619]
[0.11158566176891327]
[0.20846347510814667]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.08049977570772171]
[0.09016302973031998]
[0.2502407133579254]
[0.06964629143476486]
[0.09000690281391144]
[0.07814472913742065]
[0.04893854260444641]
[0.023997146636247635]
[0.0045091332867741585]
[0.004500358831137419]
[0.24299846589565277]
[0.07303276658058167]
[0.010975071229040623]
[0.04143236204981804]
[0.6466772556304932]
[0.0033064770977944136]
[0.012516850605607033]
[0.004503436386585236]
[0.004527604207396507]
[0.0011502986308187246]
[0.055776577442884445]
[0.2251187115907669]
[0.05687062442302704]
[0.0010980776278302073]
[0.02893979847431183]
[0.0030029781628400087]
[0.0030409786850214005]
[0.0014939673710614443]
[0.009288020431995392]
[0.04819081351161003]
[0.003461450571194291]
[1.167704463005066]
[0.055227164179086685]
[0.0029071972239762545]
[0.042403869330883026]
[0.00288278516381979]
[0.06013533100485802]
[0.7713514566421509]
[0.17261557281017303]
[0.0013880665646865964]
[0.7384942770004272]
[0.004388247616589069]
[0.3369200527667999]
[0.04515429958701134]
[0.0029132049530744553]
[0.003998639993369579]
[0.001093055005185306]
[0.041608259081840515]
[0.0606076680123806]
[0.13280920684337616]
[0.007125562056899071]
[0.0029461863450706005]
[0.0010652733035385609]
[0.0029043855611234903]
[0.04882869869470596]
[0.010545973666012287]
[0.01051605585962534]
[0.0007994776824489236]
[0.06063040718436241]
[0.001085947034880519]
[0.1262741982936859]
[0.0014845271361991763]
[0.16349220275878906]
[0.05352581664919853]
[0.015563742257654667]
[0.005358252674341202]
[0.01688464544713497]
[0.04444850981235504]
[0.01366441696882248]
[0.0068696485832333565]
[0.002884616842493415]
[0.0012482914607971907]
[0.10086944699287415]
[0.006010354030877352]
[0.04755740612745285]
[0.0009935555281117558]
[0.03479553759098053]
[0.005001391284167767]
[0.029909228906035423]
[0.0017437755595892668]
[0.060444027185440063]
[0.0009545511566102505]
[0.03046475164592266]
[0.000946946267504245]
[0.15759967267513275]
[0.060367513447999954]
[0.0009979119058698416]
[0.024494994431734085]
[0.00282744737342]
[0.000991168199107051]
[0.10451991856098175]
[0.013874299824237823]
[0.014004893600940704]
[0.0009206382092088461]
[0.003753118449822068]
[0.0171810295432806]
[0.004318030085414648]
[0.0037594137247651815]
[0.0009712667670100927]
[0.06591352820396423]
[0.01248665526509285]
[0.0032121173571795225]
[0.028666352853178978]
[0.024898700416088104]
[0.0010680222185328603]
[0.03108840622007847]
[0.0724216178059578]
[0.006005904171615839]
[0.002548907184973359]
[0.05381617695093155]
[0.023619670420885086]
[0.02303476072847843]
[0.0027212798595428467]
[0.04044770821928978]
[0.005725175607949495]
[0.014145716093480587]
[0.02087513357400894]
[0.02326318435370922]
[0.0034069654066115618]
[0.002638024277985096]
[0.15476858615875244]
[0.06046777591109276]
[0.015339759178459644]
[0.007417834363877773]
[0.001291506690904498]
[0.15059703588485718]
[0.072481669485569]
[0.0027358008082956076]
[0.0009286387357860804]
[0.027451274916529655]
[0.0008685945649631321]
[0.021701525896787643]
[0.0009690567385405302]
[0.04414402320981026]
[0.034278735518455505]
[0.005657592322677374]
[0.003538748947903514]
[0.0010421607876196504]
[0.5819312930107117]
[0.0009211786091327667]
[0.0009254973847419024]
[0.10732147097587585]
[0.00383243290707469]
[0.0015819204272702336]
[0.26251932978630066]
[0.06064336746931076]
[2.886409282684326]
[0.004204252734780312]
[0.06067715957760811]
[0.0017535622464492917]
[0.004721583798527718]
[0.07207601517438889]
[0.0009677298949100077]
[0.060707397758960724]
[0.1646951287984848]
[0.09469625353813171]
[0.004258381202816963]
[0.12563839554786682]
[0.1290290653705597]
[0.0027192009147256613]
[0.2566739320755005]
[0.07246433943510056]
[0.0606880821287632]
[0.23856863379478455]
[0.0025990542490035295]
[0.0010968834394589067]
[0.00365559128113091]
[0.0027348229195922613]
[0.11389683932065964]
[0.003986316733062267]
[0.004143063444644213]
[0.002723712008446455]
[0.033949047327041626]
[0.04108377546072006]
[0.0028225320857018232]
[0.0011126864701509476]
[0.0056757209822535515]
[0.0817078948020935]
[0.02744448184967041]
[0.06062459573149681]
[0.0028319605626165867]
[0.001741970656439662]
[0.7243927121162415]
[0.0008666658541187644]
[0.0026956358924508095]
[0.29595744609832764]
[0.0008798459894023836]
[0.020615920424461365]
[0.060579150915145874]
[0.005626485217362642]
[0.0027193718124181032]
[0.19818849861621857]
[0.05598165839910507]
[0.07573775947093964]
[0.13749699294567108]
[0.024246329441666603]
[0.0017124712467193604]
[0.0605655238032341]
[0.0723511129617691]
[0.05740495026111603]
[0.00281394156627357]
[0.004018452018499374]
[0.0010666641173884273]
[0.09092883765697479]
[0.08238820731639862]
[0.0008730576373636723]
[0.0026663588359951973]
[0.026878604665398598]
[0.09768795222043991]
[0.06642211973667145]
[0.013428687117993832]
[0.0008820057846605778]
[0.09411777555942535]
[0.06057722121477127]
[0.08885413408279419]
[0.00299244886264205]
[0.2691919207572937]
[0.04603073000907898]
[0.027333270758390427]
[0.13294154405593872]
[0.004928026348352432]
[0.014622761867940426]
[0.010646921582520008]
[0.001889217528514564]
[0.06054740399122238]
[0.000842639128677547]
[0.060518451035022736]
[0.043028488755226135]
[0.08837264776229858]
[0.15907195210456848]
[0.004102123901247978]
[0.004271391779184341]
[0.005686057731509209]
[0.060357071459293365]
[0.2782023847103119]
[0.08819261193275452]
[0.0032125788275152445]
[0.0036106363404542208]
[0.019181353971362114]
[0.22327643632888794]
[0.08802197128534317]
[0.003955306485295296]
[0.0010826499201357365]
[0.47935786843299866]
[0.060217589139938354]
[0.0008905454888008535]
[0.0027829641476273537]
[0.001026507350616157]
[0.06016768142580986]
[0.05336134508252144]
[0.0027826856821775436]
[0.0010398081503808498]
[0.07269196212291718]
[0.0009197465260513127]
[0.27189531922340393]
[0.003422433976083994]
[0.0034846323542296886]
[0.0008668221416883171]
[0.05169074237346649]
[0.08769206702709198]
[0.15769009292125702]
[0.005235722288489342]
[0.0012673446908593178]
[0.0009406764293089509]
[0.05376943200826645]
[0.06962599605321884]
[0.05482350289821625]
[0.200091153383255]
[0.003493310883641243]
[0.06015705689787865]
[0.0028660485986620188]
[0.034329287707805634]
[0.04613906890153885]
[0.060140304267406464]
[0.00394462700933218]
[0.19861522316932678]
[0.0008636228740215302]
[0.155572310090065]
[0.11484844237565994]
[0.0033856797963380814]
[0.07256040722131729]
[0.47933143377304077]
[0.026189200580120087]
[0.0013302263105288148]
[0.2371707409620285]
[0.3659069836139679]
[0.005216237157583237]
[0.03537632152438164]
[0.07261284440755844]
[0.28669974207878113]
[0.1005360409617424]
[0.08659566938877106]
[0.09218277782201767]
[0.1887229084968567]
[0.07258785516023636]
[0.004226517863571644]
[0.0010770742082968354]
[0.04488229751586914]
[0.059741124510765076]
[0.054842714220285416]
[0.0009142315248027444]
[0.029374124482274055]
[0.029137665405869484]
[0.012697292491793633]
[0.059693317860364914]
[0.014950402081012726]
[0.00590245658531785]
[0.0724460631608963]
[0.0009214274468831718]
[0.0011484306305646896]
[0.0011758795008063316]
[0.15000365674495697]
[0.011612636037170887]
[0.0029095241334289312]
[0.07270891964435577]
[0.11058614403009415]
[0.0036490720231086016]
[0.0008413296891376376]
[0.2708185315132141]
[0.0008726785308681428]
[0.01595439203083515]
[0.05972563847899437]
[0.0033854616340249777]
[0.002769856248050928]
[0.055687274783849716]
[0.000826170202344656]
[0.004106564912945032]
[0.0008649846422486007]
[0.008070355281233788]
[0.0029272721149027348]
[0.052301522344350815]
[0.00094936991808936]
[0.0148625448346138]
[0.0017593682277947664]
[0.002674303250387311]
[0.00491564953699708]
[0.0048290640115737915]
[0.05980881303548813]
[0.009686638601124287]
[0.02454252913594246]
[0.011295296251773834]
[0.031124703586101532]
[0.006132524460554123]
[0.013916424475610256]
[0.021886678412556648]
[0.05982771888375282]
[0.004135961178690195]
[0.004066758323460817]
[0.002646131906658411]
[0.05982017517089844]
[0.002848564414307475]
[0.07205067574977875]
[0.0007753702811896801]
[0.047368645668029785]
[0.06271573156118393]
[0.0034589003771543503]
[0.059781454503536224]
[0.004094244446605444]
[0.05707338824868202]
[0.05974476411938667]
[0.0007384279160760343]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0009457895066589117]
[0.00834084302186966]
[0.0011553834192454815]
[0.10255811363458633]
[0.004571731202304363]
[0.05789313465356827]
[0.005081945564597845]
[0.004671478644013405]
[0.0007624922436662018]
[0.05342072993516922]
[0.00848578941076994]
[0.0009399881237186491]
[0.0007583507103845477]
[0.01692698523402214]
[0.005829627625644207]
[0.04565408080816269]
[0.00401017302647233]
[0.19699451327323914]
[0.3734678328037262]
[0.001157231512479484]
[0.0011474702041596174]
[0.0721818208694458]
[0.0008228474180214107]
[0.019142460078001022]
[0.0055254725739359856]
[0.0007857959717512131]
[0.059777356684207916]
[0.059770774096250534]
[0.2183222770690918]
[0.25284335017204285]
[0.0027196230366826057]
[0.0007264951127581298]
[0.1349920928478241]
[0.0029434107709676027]
[0.0011510084150359035]
[0.0009254445903934538]
[0.018987981602549553]
[0.11405113339424133]
[0.15764908492565155]
[0.13498559594154358]
[9.2832612991333]
[0.05942627787590027]
[0.07634999603033066]
[0.0009117425070144236]
[0.07193319499492645]
[0.0007267052424140275]
[0.0037741861306130886]
[0.013672718778252602]
[0.0026413986925035715]
[0.02151590585708618]
[0.0041287560015916824]
[0.005624542944133282]
[0.002786099212244153]
[0.08781260251998901]
[0.9016531109809875]
[0.05925477668642998]
[0.33278965950012207]
[1.9402673244476318]
[0.28168416023254395]
[0.07115717232227325]
[0.3328624963760376]
[0.08905317634344101]
[0.006350198294967413]
[0.03799416497349739]
[0.0011277880985289812]
[0.013314587064087391]
[0.05919435992836952]
[0.20885911583900452]
[0.0026143938302993774]
[0.0027088152710348368]
[0.0026884505059570074]
[0.0007403961499221623]
[0.0008115990203805268]
[0.0007481874781660736]
[0.0007486199028789997]
[0.4076882302761078]
[0.6111162304878235]
[0.0753442645072937]
[0.0029001415241509676]
[0.20160843431949615]
[0.053008031100034714]
[0.05909902602434158]
[0.0008090299088507891]
[0.013452908955514431]
[0.0007469943375326693]
[0.0101588424295187]
[0.2278546392917633]
[0.0015660520875826478]
[0.09135983139276505]
[0.017964042723178864]
[0.11086798459291458]
[0.011204277165234089]
[0.005418038461357355]
[0.002733004279434681]
[0.31220269203186035]
[0.05887085944414139]
[0.2006702870130539]
[0.0289385374635458]
[0.0027459878474473953]
[0.39650261402130127]
[0.08808418363332748]
[1.140776515007019]
[0.15099330246448517]
[0.058842625468969345]
[0.008385542780160904]
[0.20002637803554535]
[0.0034883045591413975]
[0.3309665024280548]
[0.22922399640083313]
[0.08795054256916046]
[0.021663963794708252]
[0.00479594012722373]
[0.002736183349043131]
[1.2578980922698975]
[0.0027553068939596415]
[0.002748387400060892]
[0.7707318067550659]
[0.7156983017921448]
[0.005451990757137537]
[0.08774790912866592]
[0.06639733910560608]
[0.0008769876440055668]
[0.0008127035689540207]
[0.018420763313770294]
[0.0008879155502654612]
[0.919664740562439]
[0.001021952135488391]
[0.019115164875984192]
[0.000806878786534071]
[0.5550495386123657]
[0.3449690639972687]
[0.0008652422111481428]
[0.0038896040059626102]
[0.11987807601690292]
[0.10845552384853363]
[0.003760315477848053]
[0.0008848580182529986]
[0.2571621835231781]
[0.0921383947134018]
[0.0878898873925209]
[0.03976662456989288]
[0.05933346599340439]
[0.0015888182679191232]
[0.35453593730926514]
[0.13578273355960846]
[0.0024925286415964365]
[0.040428951382637024]
[0.059426143765449524]
[0.0026841408107429743]
[0.003662100760266185]
[0.059423256665468216]
[0.0011624416802078485]
[0.002874310128390789]
[0.01064283587038517]
[0.059384264051914215]
[0.12594705820083618]
[0.0024056395050138235]
[0.38576480746269226]
[0.05931419879198074]
[0.0877656564116478]
[0.08774174004793167]
[0.0009146584779955447]
[0.048417530953884125]
[0.15605638921260834]
[0.08758152276277542]
[0.06865350157022476]
[0.3375312387943268]
[0.07242472469806671]
[0.0028898371383547783]
[0.12018898129463196]
[0.08944261819124222]
[0.059272151440382004]
[0.27201157808303833]
[0.00515572726726532]
[0.0010018025059252977]
[0.08873173594474792]
[0.004310122225433588]
[0.0919141098856926]
[0.04498865082859993]
[0.07235357910394669]
[0.059319429099559784]
[0.06066744402050972]
[0.005058503244072199]
[0.0019903723150491714]
[0.00441707530990243]
[0.0029205617029219866]
[0.000951887690462172]
[0.0028538585174828768]
[0.004884801805019379]
[0.07226365059614182]
[0.003014321904629469]
[0.015135927125811577]
[0.04036495089530945]
[0.07218670845031738]
[0.004818643443286419]
[0.00673437537625432]
[0.005198295693844557]
[0.002774561755359173]
[0.005115090403705835]
[0.08724629133939743]
[0.037593383342027664]
[0.0050086393021047115]
[0.010986259207129478]
[0.08712168782949448]
[0.05951263755559921]
[0.06685475260019302]
[0.005029728636145592]
[0.06391242146492004]
[0.004001026041805744]
[0.0030803007539361715]
[0.025197148323059082]
[0.02209082432091236]
[0.0028240347746759653]
[0.15348438918590546]
[0.019277431070804596]
[0.004214594140648842]
[0.0028402749449014664]
[0.0029625871684402227]
[0.03478673845529556]
[0.22773288190364838]
[0.47370898723602295]
[0.0403987318277359]
[0.002924548927694559]
[0.003010848769918084]
[0.15958473086357117]
[0.004956933669745922]
[0.0010016037849709392]
[0.002601431217044592]
[0.0009988137753680348]
[0.7782491445541382]
[0.07212687283754349]
[0.018509596586227417]
[0.024606065824627876]
[0.00131628243252635]
[0.0028089096304029226]
[0.001032806234434247]
[0.0029415427707135677]
[0.002805577125400305]
[0.0035601570270955563]
[0.0010358557337895036]
[0.0028402262832969427]
[0.02206980437040329]
[0.0013764735776931047]
[0.04589235410094261]
[0.004160591866821051]
[0.0011219624429941177]
[0.0011001790408045053]
[0.04219026118516922]
[0.014226878061890602]
[0.2329457700252533]
[0.05686495453119278]
[0.003616524627432227]
[0.004578412976115942]
[0.030929792672395706]
[0.15786877274513245]
[0.0009569419198669493]
[0.005900093819946051]
[0.0009510907693766057]
[0.0012350607430562377]
[0.0012406365713104606]
[0.21036125719547272]
[0.2871790826320648]
[0.06014365702867508]
[0.0008937171660363674]
[0.000939991616178304]
[0.2579588294029236]
[0.0009402548312209547]
[0.0033627417869865894]
[0.0601758249104023]
[0.0884772390127182]
[0.0009399426053278148]
[0.11284814774990082]
[0.0009399920818395913]
[0.06015674024820328]
[0.0033283608499914408]
[0.32301968336105347]
[0.001219558296725154]
[0.00406156899407506]
[0.006659212056547403]
[0.05532281845808029]
[0.004624413326382637]
[0.06011554226279259]
[0.1502971202135086]
[0.0059857796877622604]
[0.0009469275246374309]
[0.09012796729803085]
[0.0012459609424695373]
[0.004342738538980484]
[0.0601026713848114]
[0.0038669619243592024]
[0.04589739814400673]
[0.060081008821725845]
[0.04998846352100372]
[0.0029783034697175026]
[0.001254005474038422]
[0.008458070456981659]
[0.01298486813902855]
[0.003757982747629285]
[0.22042837738990784]
[0.0023579122498631477]
[0.06395616382360458]
[0.004065816756337881]
[0.0008914546924643219]
[0.0022483523935079575]
[0.06001611053943634]
[0.04802174121141434]
[0.11032722145318985]
[0.005077083129435778]
[0.059991274029016495]
[0.0599764883518219]
[0.4102412462234497]
[0.002635152544826269]
[0.1814335435628891]
[0.031441595405340195]
[0.007089179940521717]
[0.038010116666555405]
[0.8037641644477844]
[0.004883470945060253]
[0.05967983603477478]
[0.07178708910942078]
[0.10335414111614227]
[0.01684224046766758]
[0.0008895988576114178]
[0.1892247051000595]
[0.08847787976264954]
[0.03402456268668175]
[0.03239941969513893]
[0.004099100362509489]
[0.0009167175740003586]
[0.0025969916023314]
[0.08926878869533539]
[0.010622560977935791]
[0.002688097767531872]
[1.1701321601867676]
[0.11821430176496506]
[0.043993230909109116]
[0.0011141205905005336]
[0.0053561036475002766]
[0.0009908262873068452]
[0.0042490530759096146]
[0.0009190767887048423]
[0.003710647812113166]
[0.002632331335917115]
[0.006577540189027786]
[0.1066121831536293]
[0.001722053624689579]
[0.0022046759258955717]
[0.000965827377513051]
[0.05986505374312401]
[0.0024394516367465258]
[0.030888965353369713]
[0.059865206480026245]
[0.004016375169157982]
[0.010152834467589855]
[0.005372317973524332]
[0.07166658341884613]
[0.002636686200276017]
[0.00107365392614156]
[0.0012765629217028618]
[0.05984289571642876]
[0.6588919758796692]
[0.003415453713387251]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0027043395675718784]
[0.0008979091071523726]
[0.09522665292024612]
[0.0012824800796806812]
[0.07483810186386108]
[0.0008987618493847549]
[0.29876163601875305]
[0.0025770170614123344]
[0.09586101770401001]
[0.0066000474616885185]
[0.0008512178319506347]
[0.0025706745218485594]
[0.09808862954378128]
[0.07124554365873337]
[0.27861809730529785]
[0.0009259829530492425]
[0.0008754230802878737]
[0.16758222877979279]
[0.011620947159826756]
[0.002562645124271512]
[0.01959388703107834]
[0.058081354945898056]
[0.09868510067462921]
[0.007016341667622328]
[0.18879687786102295]
[0.05136564373970032]
[0.0017356150783598423]
[0.07127907872200012]
[0.05082353949546814]
[0.0009152601705864072]
[0.04038123041391373]
[0.0026523128617554903]
[0.004961902275681496]
[0.00102361966855824]
[0.08837366849184036]
[0.013741864822804928]
[0.05810468643903732]
[0.03910057246685028]
[0.00263602496124804]
[0.004128509201109409]
[0.02147950977087021]
[0.003927488811314106]
[0.0717027485370636]
[0.06004403159022331]
[0.07132051140069962]
[0.10703470557928085]
[0.0169189665466547]
[0.0399693138897419]
[0.5231461524963379]
[0.0024047705810517073]
[0.07109442353248596]
[0.002353576710447669]
[0.0025247023440897465]
[0.006568359676748514]
[0.06016550958156586]
[0.0010844640200957656]
[0.022405242547392845]
[0.004446467384696007]
[0.01367915142327547]
[0.022084956988692284]
[0.0009166377712972462]
[0.004825016018003225]
[0.0009203339577652514]
[0.004113026428967714]
[0.0012250127037987113]
[0.14483636617660522]
[0.010179189033806324]
[0.06149384006857872]
[0.005315463058650494]
[0.002473079366609454]
[0.002495556604117155]
[0.016607550904154778]
[0.003996191546320915]
[0.002468989696353674]
[0.0011432063765823841]
[0.724353015422821]
[0.02005608379840851]
[0.08766376227140427]
[0.002405100967735052]
[0.03480004146695137]
[0.00447186641395092]
[0.0007687120814807713]
[0.0023914771154522896]
[0.005313340574502945]
[0.0008839374640956521]
[0.0011663236655294895]
[0.06052492558956146]
[0.0009598452597856522]
[0.010420010425150394]
[0.012675626203417778]
[0.22336852550506592]
[0.0061654988676309586]
[0.08095323294401169]
[0.06054889038205147]
[0.060540035367012024]
[0.21561545133590698]
[0.0008586464682593942]
[0.017068862915039062]
[0.005751409102231264]
[0.060461368411779404]
[0.003313974943011999]
[0.0012244022218510509]
[0.0037852011155337095]
[0.0007859836332499981]
[0.003984685055911541]
[0.0007435171864926815]
[0.0550021268427372]
[0.10450451821088791]
[0.003967212978750467]
[0.06034544110298157]
[0.002111853566020727]
[0.06031561270356178]
[0.07101688534021378]
[0.11721188575029373]
[0.061902400106191635]
[0.0009215287864208221]
[0.0007670850027352571]
[0.05822421610355377]
[0.0602104626595974]
[0.06349263340234756]
[0.06016651168465614]
[0.0007383502088487148]
[0.04460462927818298]
[0.0078020114451646805]
[0.02044142410159111]
[0.0006926294881850481]
[0.11403244733810425]
[0.10270527005195618]
[0.07159176468849182]
[0.20847584307193756]
[0.1839129477739334]
[0.004652002360671759]
[0.007933703251183033]
[0.0008069712202996016]
[0.14190158247947693]
[0.002389345783740282]
[0.003786693327128887]
[0.0007418463937938213]
[0.08760669082403183]
[0.28774020075798035]
[0.020405983552336693]
[0.0008473776979371905]
[0.000981186400167644]
[0.0021204184740781784]
[0.0009039631695486605]
[0.0023623339366167784]
[0.06634720414876938]
[0.5849012136459351]
[0.049502819776535034]
[0.0007550849113613367]
[0.1814667284488678]
[0.005359669215977192]
[0.12413473427295685]
[0.004558169282972813]
[0.06497631222009659]
[0.004097925964742899]
[0.09565261006355286]
[0.13213878870010376]
[0.10203834623098373]
[0.011466072872281075]
[0.01769961416721344]
[0.01878984645009041]
[0.004658553749322891]
[0.002389585832133889]
[0.000769041187595576]
[0.06017022579908371]
[0.0007635867805220187]
[0.07130231708288193]
[0.002384081482887268]
[0.0024127913638949394]
[0.047212567180395126]
[0.28005534410476685]
[0.40595313906669617]
[0.10976283252239227]
[0.04860039800405502]
[0.005472593475133181]
[0.266476035118103]
[0.027233082801103592]
[0.07131621986627579]
[0.0007648963364772499]
[0.005742366891354322]
[0.0023421074729412794]
[0.0007122454699128866]
[0.0015324210980907083]
[0.13626372814178467]
[0.08281071484088898]
[0.018819794058799744]
[0.050217460840940475]
[0.039215486496686935]
[0.0025409201625734568]
[0.06009478494524956]
[0.0021109222434461117]
[0.0008678485173732042]
[0.0007119987276382744]
[0.1770857572555542]
[0.15970033407211304]
[0.000858577957842499]
[0.0031047509983181953]
[0.0010694932425394654]
[0.0007092526648193598]
[0.04170737788081169]
[0.0007076882757246494]
[0.053863849490880966]
[0.0010665447916835546]
[0.12386021763086319]
[0.20186442136764526]
[0.03680473193526268]
[0.004395602736622095]
[0.03550053387880325]
[0.004513288848102093]
[0.0016434263670817018]
[0.0007651299238204956]
[0.000528346688952297]
[0.002237737877294421]
[0.1536601334810257]
[0.06022418662905693]
[0.0007082006195560098]
[0.06021074950695038]
[0.0016266212332993746]
[0.0007533471216447651]
[0.0006936750723980367]
[0.06014713644981384]
[0.0022294968366622925]
[0.013738751411437988]
[0.0037105611991137266]
[0.060073066502809525]
[0.002313727280125022]
[0.005859040189534426]
[0.004353020340204239]
[0.0032951035536825657]
[0.003137007588520646]
[0.016229987144470215]
[0.004915737081319094]
[0.026912402361631393]
[0.039399515837430954]
[0.046137575060129166]
[0.004384913947433233]
[0.20241859555244446]
[0.0007987348944880068]
[0.000629663176368922]
[0.05388522148132324]
[0.23218412697315216]
[0.0004377861332613975]
[0.0006266969721764326]
[0.022386914119124413]
[0.0023183715529739857]
[0.007051962427794933]
[0.08781664073467255]
[0.004800774622708559]
[0.026560883969068527]
[0.0023286754731088877]
[0.0022398896981030703]
[0.0018876311369240284]
[0.07210083305835724]
[0.023792171850800514]
[0.003119600936770439]
[0.01047428883612156]
[0.016652191057801247]
[0.016057979315519333]
[0.0600522980093956]
[0.0006512137479148805]
[0.0031657577492296696]
[0.0470893532037735]
[0.22527147829532623]
[0.073793925344944]
[0.006933804135769606]
[0.4161074757575989]
[0.06387633085250854]
[0.0063876621425151825]
[0.011352438479661942]
[0.0006399538833647966]
[0.0006645609391853213]
[0.36312997341156006]
[0.04200582951307297]
[0.06022263690829277]
[0.09702982008457184]
[0.0047954595647752285]
[0.0010909878183156252]
[0.016500238329172134]
[0.18704625964164734]
[0.007265875115990639]
[0.002222993178293109]
[0.000710702093783766]
[0.06583204120397568]
[0.0006234997417777777]
[0.0009976738365367055]
[0.02566174790263176]
[0.001190850860439241]
[0.02801915444433689]
[0.07117108255624771]
[0.263482928276062]
[0.060973599553108215]
[0.04432735964655876]
[0.2932516038417816]
[0.060367997735738754]
[0.0007173093617893755]
[0.0056551978923380375]
[0.13101716339588165]
[0.0031230750028043985]
[0.0006645492394454777]
[0.004348116926848888]
[0.014833904802799225]
[0.003325613448396325]
[0.0009856629185378551]
[0.0007381769246421754]
[0.0029980831313878298]
[0.021939309313893318]
[0.0015587281668558717]
[0.06047995015978813]
[0.01344261970371008]
[0.0021298767533153296]
[0.06047222018241882]
[0.12884564697742462]
[0.06044816970825195]
[0.0005731174605898559]
[0.014691447839140892]
[0.0015605572843924165]
[0.0009730107267387211]
[0.004824420902878046]
[0.060356173664331436]
[0.0008066903683356941]
[0.0006769990432076156]
[0.08541271835565567]
[0.0029371564742177725]
[0.0022932724095880985]
[0.06026914715766907]
[0.21914899349212646]
[0.06023776903748512]
[0.002691584872081876]
[0.06019440293312073]
[0.026101617142558098]
[0.0706087052822113]
[0.05190695822238922]
[0.0022476473823189735]
[0.08817481249570847]
[0.001961240777745843]
[0.01897522062063217]
[0.003045604797080159]
[0.08809249103069305]
[0.0050508324056863785]
[0.12180623412132263]
[0.01931772381067276]
[0.0754074677824974]
[0.11615976691246033]
[0.0007319150608964264]
[0.04488429054617882]
[0.08783242851495743]
[0.0034213566686958075]
[0.030541567131876945]
[0.6984496116638184]
[0.026009390130639076]
[0.550570011138916]
[0.003379157977178693]
[0.07059140503406525]
[0.04597682133316994]
[0.09843900054693222]
[0.0006262272363528609]
[0.003229258581995964]
[0.038790151476860046]
[0.020475219935178757]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0022807703353464603]
[0.05997209623456001]
[0.0026296451687812805]
[0.04385038837790489]
[0.04111969843506813]
[0.2076149582862854]
[0.04714156687259674]
[0.05994623154401779]
[0.04257240146398544]
[0.0007728859782218933]
[0.4910346567630768]
[0.000866312999278307]
[0.10431357473134995]
[0.0020772286225110292]
[0.0008204641053453088]
[0.0557863712310791]
[0.0030559152364730835]
[0.05169137939810753]
[0.0034541559871286154]
[0.05986689403653145]
[0.1337309032678604]
[0.004791921470314264]
[0.0024363831616938114]
[0.0022585683036595583]
[0.0009021067526191473]
[0.2041396200656891]
[0.004945507273077965]
[0.004880167543888092]
[0.059837307780981064]
[0.000541627174243331]
[0.07374157756567001]
[0.05981901288032532]
[0.05980289354920387]
[0.06875984370708466]
[0.030528202652931213]
[0.0007712755468674004]
[0.2996164560317993]
[0.0022440028842538595]
[0.0021980179008096457]
[0.07085835188627243]
[0.0031579656060785055]
[0.19514429569244385]
[0.0030540910083800554]
[0.07084377110004425]
[0.033403608947992325]
[0.0006595744052901864]
[0.033386167138814926]
[0.07079929113388062]
[0.0028327961917966604]
[0.05966803431510925]
[0.0005995244719088078]
[0.0006540576578117907]
[0.03628401458263397]
[0.0006654069293290377]
[0.04191381484270096]
[0.0013705651508644223]
[0.5140031576156616]
[0.03374745696783066]
[0.3057611584663391]
[0.06914502382278442]
[0.005129897966980934]
[0.07071960717439651]
[0.0371684655547142]
[0.004178935661911964]
[0.05964435264468193]
[0.0019327689660713077]
[0.0024630313273519278]
[0.06991984695196152]
[0.011477179825305939]
[0.0022029555402696133]
[0.03584907576441765]
[0.0596226342022419]
[0.18545088171958923]
[0.0394473671913147]
[0.0007205740548670292]
[0.0007585043204016984]
[0.005169900134205818]
[0.12730379402637482]
[0.10766781866550446]
[0.05956968665122986]
[0.05955304577946663]
[0.0006975890137255192]
[0.0007303224410861731]
[0.0053768157958984375]
[0.0015388978645205498]
[0.1340346336364746]
[0.07491066306829453]
[0.05941331759095192]
[0.010561882518231869]
[0.0008547950419597328]
[0.002497434616088867]
[0.0877264142036438]
[0.0005145461182110012]
[0.005861287005245686]
[0.05631004646420479]
[0.1749269813299179]
[0.0035792591515928507]
[0.004133556969463825]
[0.0005924362922087312]
[0.052326932549476624]
[0.01094239205121994]
[0.1408141851425171]
[0.08474329113960266]
[0.10535373538732529]
[0.0006072839605621994]
[0.05647054687142372]
[0.00041719424189068377]
[0.003129821503534913]
[0.0026122203562408686]
[0.0870547890663147]
[0.04185440391302109]
[0.00044132687617093325]
[0.0023983006831258535]
[0.05934171751141548]
[0.0023173720110207796]
[0.0004536964697763324]
[0.2685195505619049]
[0.0006255510961636901]
[0.1550915390253067]
[0.0018981930334120989]
[0.08771505206823349]
[0.0031846449710428715]
[0.04627956449985504]
[0.0044019874185323715]
[0.0031168085988610983]
[0.0016780659789219499]
[0.03738681226968765]
[0.2377811223268509]
[0.00070664391387254]
[0.10471641272306442]
[0.03799259662628174]
[0.0005425408016890287]
[0.006312400568276644]
[0.002584231784567237]
[0.0006365007720887661]
[0.003852150170132518]
[0.059438057243824005]
[0.0012592599960044026]
[0.0004437047173269093]
[0.0009835041128098965]
[0.0546262264251709]
[0.01726255752146244]
[0.04505925998091698]
[0.004329439252614975]
[0.00047325214836746454]
[0.039824362844228745]
[0.0028042264748364687]
[0.0713101327419281]
[0.24031299352645874]
[0.09106338769197464]
[0.004060075152665377]
[0.059390176087617874]
[0.0006964456988498569]
[0.05937271565198898]
[0.002187730511650443]
[0.0006883011665195227]
[9.047595977783203]
[0.14643432199954987]
[0.2145940363407135]
[0.0004890678683295846]
[0.03638399764895439]
[0.04122079908847809]
[0.05945992469787598]
[0.000402558856876567]
[0.0006860058638267219]
[0.0037005217745900154]
[0.16711169481277466]
[0.11775491386651993]
[0.0004625170258805156]
[0.0033066067844629288]
[0.07100382447242737]
[0.0709928423166275]
[0.07096835970878601]
[0.0006096213473938406]
[0.0005552677903324366]
[0.0015257473569363356]
[0.0524025522172451]
[0.014371960423886776]
[0.003553466172888875]
[0.0008942296262830496]
[0.0007537310011684895]
[0.013136952184140682]
[0.05953231453895569]
[0.0003086624201387167]
[0.0005560899153351784]
[0.0007512889569625258]
[0.2709587812423706]
[0.0005919961258769035]
[0.2700759768486023]
[0.020795073360204697]
[0.009563879109919071]
[0.00039207402733154595]
[0.04645363986492157]
[0.001323555363342166]
[0.003655095351859927]
[0.026868822053074837]
[0.027322329580783844]
[0.2375311255455017]
[0.20191916823387146]
[0.33438605070114136]
[0.5601241588592529]
[0.0026714964769780636]
[0.08772057294845581]
[0.059686291962862015]
[0.03230337053537369]
[0.0034616885241121054]
[0.07545682787895203]
[0.0062797158025205135]
[0.05410182103514671]
[0.0004147457948420197]
[0.05976536124944687]
[0.16183628141880035]
[0.20184749364852905]
[0.003326276782900095]
[0.0012122371699661016]
[0.13344429433345795]
[0.0023419158533215523]
[0.3020560145378113]
[0.05962096527218819]
[0.002708031330257654]
[0.016854096204042435]
[0.02062007039785385]
[0.05617378279566765]
[0.0028079994954168797]
[0.011693604290485382]
[0.0008472518529742956]
[0.36934784054756165]
[0.023813040927052498]
[0.00459070922806859]
[0.004370398353785276]
[0.05947936698794365]
[0.11078140139579773]
[0.04346185550093651]
[0.10056192427873611]
[0.0005343612865544856]
[0.09582898765802383]
[0.3615613877773285]
[0.0009434609091840684]
[0.006948111578822136]
[0.059475112706422806]
[0.05946924537420273]
[0.5204821228981018]
[0.0490141399204731]
[0.21720486879348755]
[0.002361500635743141]
[0.0006672352319583297]
[0.059392355382442474]
[0.002288069576025009]
[0.23174051940441132]
[0.05933208763599396]
[0.0008996594697237015]
[0.0030185088980942965]
[0.0006467645871452987]
[0.01773802563548088]
[0.059213727712631226]
[0.030041135847568512]
[0.0023162781726568937]
[0.00090130785247311]
[0.049619659781455994]
[0.12052807211875916]
[0.009996002539992332]
[0.08815626055002213]
[0.004633684176951647]
[0.039131492376327515]
[0.0023400529753416777]
[0.0055480538867414]
[0.03952036052942276]
[0.11694113910198212]
[0.032724685966968536]
[0.012764565646648407]
[0.059001579880714417]
[0.0031429557129740715]
[0.0019093470182269812]
[0.11246828734874725]
[0.0016782826278358698]
[0.0007945653051137924]
[0.0006507444195449352]
[0.02894243784248829]
[0.08778836578130722]
[0.0006355499499477446]
[0.0010222644777968526]
[0.019664833322167397]
[0.07088775932788849]
[0.0006934204720892012]
[0.00727734575048089]
[0.07521677762269974]
[0.22699756920337677]
[0.05891764536499977]
[0.0004859064647462219]
[0.13579298555850983]
[0.0007517305202782154]
[0.0019462315831333399]
[0.07084695249795914]
[0.0026653101667761803]
[0.0023156278766691685]
[0.14844542741775513]
[0.0011907138396054506]
[0.0005077987443655729]
[0.00352130807004869]
[0.003490057308226824]
[0.0030306586995720863]
[0.0009998930618166924]
[0.061738476157188416]
[0.003401699475944042]
[0.0006907678907737136]
[0.05847670137882233]
[1.3870593309402466]
[0.05894240736961365]
[0.008626237511634827]
[0.057485710829496384]
[0.1604539453983307]
[0.10500301420688629]
[0.02503230795264244]
[0.24236269295215607]
[0.0005392822786234319]
[0.0952213779091835]
[0.014187897555530071]
[0.04216420650482178]
[0.0034453244879841805]
[0.0005401857779361308]
[0.02257833443582058]
[0.0011060190154239535]
[0.05895785242319107]
[0.21657444536685944]
[0.17916704714298248]
[0.0012451927177608013]
[0.0206344872713089]
[0.0022522604558616877]
[0.028517283499240875]
[0.05894014984369278]
[0.003594485577195883]
[0.0011528857285156846]
[0.14910605549812317]
[0.1683032065629959]
[0.1813182830810547]
[0.00038877688348293304]
[0.07073993235826492]
[0.003676128573715687]
[0.024792978540062904]
[0.02635902352631092]
[0.10458552092313766]
[0.024926910176873207]
[0.0029370691627264023]
[0.0004357142315711826]
[0.0007121455855667591]
[0.0007373623084276915]
[0.05894694849848747]
[0.003208726644515991]
[0.017225410789251328]
[0.0004754593828693032]
[0.05892234668135643]
[0.0003753517521545291]
[0.0339183583855629]
[0.0007669508340768516]
[0.006108402740210295]
[0.011284478940069675]
[0.02875162847340107]
[0.1690715253353119]
[0.12453322112560272]
[0.06344122439622879]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0023108201567083597]
[0.0020671836100518703]
[0.01784413307905197]
[0.07695849984884262]
[0.0016684941947460175]
[0.04578593745827675]
[0.002113877097144723]
[0.06479056924581528]
[0.07622338831424713]
[0.03243197500705719]
[0.18398694694042206]
[0.0035307256039232016]
[0.0168674997985363]
[0.4102470874786377]
[0.00037051684921607375]
[0.05794781818985939]
[0.0006990223191678524]
[0.0055299480445683]
[0.3469766676425934]
[0.0029856644105166197]
[0.04736705869436264]
[0.0005403209943324327]
[0.007020046003162861]
[0.05875585973262787]
[0.034358859062194824]
[0.09184933453798294]
[0.04366866499185562]
[0.048980336636304855]
[0.0006548736710101366]
[0.17027556896209717]
[0.023265037685632706]
[0.0020923097617924213]
[0.05603381246328354]
[0.06655559688806534]
[0.04221321642398834]
[0.042151059955358505]
[0.058804288506507874]
[0.0010636127553880215]
[0.0014928595628589392]
[0.005668346304446459]
[0.0016364135080948472]
[0.058756276965141296]
[0.0033473733346909285]
[0.051241759210824966]
[0.1984081119298935]
[0.00037273927591741085]
[0.030944911763072014]
[0.8622416853904724]
[0.03068927675485611]
[0.002528286073356867]
[0.03428327664732933]
[0.05860599875450134]
[0.0023273094557225704]
[0.012577611021697521]
[0.05855444446206093]
[0.014438704587519169]
[0.15252190828323364]
[0.058488696813583374]
[0.000703132594935596]
[0.08790905773639679]
[0.0003632687730714679]
[0.09057978540658951]
[0.0523972362279892]
[0.0003530862450134009]
[0.35157519578933716]
[0.0003603329823818058]
[0.002401175443083048]
[0.0030676343012601137]
[0.00039538968121632934]
[0.0007566347485408187]
[0.24914811551570892]
[0.12571565806865692]
[0.08401404321193695]
[0.030030591413378716]
[0.10370483994483948]
[0.13663190603256226]
[0.08752568066120148]
[0.0017048604786396027]
[0.00067420385312289]
[0.058413129299879074]
[0.00742647098377347]
[0.002190307481214404]
[0.05839963257312775]
[0.07346834987401962]
[0.47555798292160034]
[0.14756843447685242]
[0.06022839993238449]
[0.0032975124195218086]
[0.07061537355184555]
[0.0074248225428164005]
[0.0007648185128346086]
[0.0023380720522254705]
[0.0004110510926693678]
[0.053597379475831985]
[0.0008319310145452619]
[0.0011906196596100926]
[0.10462022572755814]
[0.010930592194199562]
[0.00044337939471006393]
[0.004158122465014458]
[0.0004046258982270956]
[0.05860473960638046]
[0.034545864909887314]
[0.0003342883719597012]
[0.0018572087865322828]
[0.043797507882118225]
[0.06092838943004608]
[0.0004403321072459221]
[0.000660075165797025]
[0.0004276046820450574]
[0.1445412039756775]
[0.1737716794013977]
[0.0030804139096289873]
[0.04788209870457649]
[0.05833516642451286]
[0.07896571606397629]
[0.05423405021429062]
[0.03530195355415344]
[0.01371066179126501]
[0.35171303153038025]
[0.002920800354331732]
[0.0019311840878799558]
[0.0006715835770592093]
[0.009440629743039608]
[0.0010410830145701766]
[0.0014832550659775734]
[0.11670820415019989]
[0.0873250886797905]
[0.00031500612385571003]
[0.2039206326007843]
[0.22348974645137787]
[0.000718092021998018]
[0.018632788211107254]
[0.0006507064681500196]
[0.0005986294709146023]
[0.13519901037216187]
[0.0007535084150731564]
[0.02247932367026806]
[0.0018813003553077579]
[0.018127761781215668]
[0.04449900984764099]
[0.033220984041690826]
[0.002992903580889106]
[0.13628406822681427]
[0.062018971890211105]
[0.13651491701602936]
[0.0007530992734245956]
[0.013099879957735538]
[0.4481011927127838]
[0.0006334292702376842]
[0.005265967920422554]
[0.01675298623740673]
[0.0013336560223251581]
[0.017070265486836433]
[0.04930087924003601]
[0.03332465514540672]
[0.07042916119098663]
[0.05836058035492897]
[0.058331068605184555]
[0.011627739295363426]
[0.002865665825083852]
[0.03434678167104721]
[0.00042374813347123563]
[0.015541629865765572]
[0.0004261193098500371]
[0.06390303373336792]
[0.002732123713940382]
[0.0007194599020294845]
[0.005807795561850071]
[0.10946191847324371]
[0.03558376431465149]
[0.18257170915603638]
[0.01877215877175331]
[0.017441298812627792]
[0.10189689695835114]
[0.0007699828711338341]
[0.044029153883457184]
[0.012059470638632774]
[0.17907468974590302]
[0.14273934066295624]
[0.005036496091634035]
[0.0032311943359673023]
[0.06187569722533226]
[0.24271494150161743]
[0.13740378618240356]
[0.0014344766968861222]
[0.0004547631833702326]
[0.08724409341812134]
[0.2502012550830841]
[0.10840065032243729]
[0.029296066612005234]
[0.006789901293814182]
[0.05841854214668274]
[0.0007932180888019502]
[0.0028261414263397455]
[0.0028093173168599606]
[0.0006848929915577173]
[0.05847274139523506]
[0.02036076970398426]
[0.0008662798209115863]
[0.05844661220908165]
[0.0723799541592598]
[0.0026394424494355917]
[0.03777742013335228]
[0.058414362370967865]
[0.0005721414345316589]
[0.08538205176591873]
[1.5572360754013062]
[0.0009371271589770913]
[0.11525067687034607]
[0.004166044294834137]
[0.22599512338638306]
[0.696573793888092]
[0.08679910004138947]
[0.0010147604625672102]
[0.8743948936462402]
[0.07568373531103134]
[0.3975260853767395]
[0.007018445059657097]
[0.002905799075961113]
[0.13692602515220642]
[0.09333331882953644]
[0.001893866341561079]
[0.04748281091451645]
[0.05811145156621933]
[0.17580589652061462]
[0.07551439106464386]
[0.03906649723649025]
[0.5235061049461365]
[0.05135764181613922]
[0.009660531766712666]
[0.00043499088496901095]
[0.041109636425971985]
[0.04705877602100372]
[0.04675284028053284]
[0.057976752519607544]
[0.00047128964797593653]
[0.20470362901687622]
[0.0033763337414711714]
[0.00042301983921788633]
[0.015977799892425537]
[0.0006735322531312704]
[0.035353533923625946]
[0.00048155413242056966]
[0.21174804866313934]
[0.03395131602883339]
[0.02757452055811882]
[0.0013662960845977068]
[0.0006348472670651972]
[0.030576739460229874]
[0.005784228444099426]
[0.08635946363210678]
[0.694225549697876]
[0.05706106126308441]
[0.0014029317535459995]
[0.3242679834365845]
[0.0005288419779390097]
[0.0033942407462745905]
[0.05611317604780197]
[0.03431963920593262]
[0.07610206305980682]
[0.0005410408484749496]
[0.0007363471668213606]
[0.03753707557916641]
[0.000752548105083406]
[0.0011013830080628395]
[0.028033671900629997]
[0.21585611999034882]
[0.0005756433238275349]
[0.022748282179236412]
[0.002103593898937106]
[0.03004194237291813]
[0.20550255477428436]
[0.3106919229030609]
[0.035060036927461624]
[0.0004550097219180316]
[0.14927081763744354]
[0.0017128633335232735]
[0.01922871731221676]
[0.02086786925792694]
[0.3331851661205292]
[0.09336239844560623]
[0.055810097604990005]
[0.11605246365070343]
[0.12796176970005035]
[0.039080675691366196]
[0.0004601429682224989]
[0.07033329457044601]
[0.04713060334324837]
[0.002828827127814293]
[0.05785621702671051]
[0.0009688830468803644]
[0.05784844979643822]
[0.03683556243777275]
[0.057817015796899796]
[0.03420516103506088]
[0.07092119008302689]
[0.0026401495561003685]
[0.40976113080978394]
[0.0004456358728930354]
[0.009319016709923744]
[0.011317049153149128]
[0.016623886302113533]
[0.023666538298130035]
[0.13955819606781006]
[0.009558653458952904]
[0.1478864550590515]
[0.0003804519074037671]
[0.02829713560640812]
[0.19460050761699677]
[0.07027914375066757]
[0.127265065908432]
[0.0495426207780838]
[0.04673974588513374]
[0.001938085537403822]
[0.07022964209318161]
[0.0006877974956296384]
[0.0006881423760205507]
[0.0034067602828145027]
[0.029560012742877007]
[0.036697886884212494]
[0.05769693851470947]
[0.3079715669155121]
[0.004024650901556015]
[0.012230086140334606]
[0.00041101043461821973]
[0.05767064914107323]
[0.05765538290143013]
[0.00034352432703599334]
[0.14713804423809052]
[0.22760477662086487]
[0.0017047113506123424]
[0.1814582496881485]
[0.05753946676850319]
[0.3426726162433624]
[0.00043963268399238586]
[0.02563103660941124]
[0.05723090097308159]
[0.02390240877866745]
[0.00043477892177179456]
[0.002365418942645192]
[0.0004940739599987864]
[0.23346616327762604]
[0.052982017397880554]
[0.0557473786175251]
[0.01561315543949604]
[0.0005996039253659546]
[0.009939882904291153]
[0.15806613862514496]
[0.00040443657780997455]
[0.19273705780506134]
[0.00037368384073488414]
[0.030100414529442787]
[0.09659728407859802]
[0.021390428766608238]
[0.0007051200373098254]
[0.057324185967445374]
[0.5429249405860901]
[0.09136494994163513]
[0.002432939363643527]
[0.00028627749998122454]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0186397023499012]
[0.1485261470079422]
[0.0002800417132675648]
[0.2863137722015381]
[0.00036806799471378326]
[0.0031951898708939552]
[0.03271276876330376]
[0.057295188307762146]
[0.00885078590363264]
[0.006473683752119541]
[0.0008120813872665167]
[0.06405158340930939]
[0.0002682886552065611]
[0.00019233347848057747]
[0.024219486862421036]
[0.18843165040016174]
[0.002850449178367853]
[0.1827099621295929]
[0.0005534508381970227]
[0.057250749319791794]
[0.003493189811706543]
[0.1676647812128067]
[0.0004334973928052932]
[0.002478873822838068]
[0.0007248924812301993]
[0.00022446650837082416]
[0.057228270918130875]
[0.005361889488995075]
[0.2216845154762268]
[0.06493198871612549]
[0.03410957008600235]
[0.0063722580671310425]
[0.06979387998580933]
[0.00030623518978245556]
[0.23300424218177795]
[0.0015495771076530218]
[0.19336284697055817]
[0.057099632918834686]
[0.0013302533188834786]
[0.02347538433969021]
[0.057021018117666245]
[0.009648178704082966]
[0.0004987309803254902]
[0.05693482980132103]
[0.08666954189538956]
[0.021324682980775833]
[0.05684593692421913]
[0.0033087455667555332]
[0.0004932256997562945]
[0.48147571086883545]
[0.048128385096788406]
[0.030356451869010925]
[0.4081672430038452]
[0.061584845185279846]
[0.47282832860946655]
[0.02180005982518196]
[0.27035999298095703]
[0.003532662056386471]
[0.05645617097616196]
[0.21269911527633667]
[0.015546896494925022]
[0.033361244946718216]
[0.014139804989099503]
[0.014182053506374359]
[0.06586378067731857]
[0.17791496217250824]
[0.07016176730394363]
[0.009756436571478844]
[0.00074812798993662]
[0.004780558869242668]
[0.009643768891692162]
[0.14732082188129425]
[0.06565539538860321]
[0.0008325065136887133]
[0.0006289807497523725]
[0.03230288252234459]
[0.38445109128952026]
[0.07430259883403778]
[0.019234659150242805]
[0.15146203339099884]
[0.0007315068505704403]
[0.030234938487410545]
[0.34105029702186584]
[0.05641261488199234]
[0.13810303807258606]
[0.0008229408995248377]
[0.026865677908062935]
[0.04052850604057312]
[0.007859664969146252]
[0.0341598242521286]
[0.08930246531963348]
[0.056436825543642044]
[0.004007773473858833]
[0.07146362960338593]
[0.0020553015638142824]
[0.0012655403697863221]
[0.055369630455970764]
[0.023264151066541672]
[0.000730283500161022]
[0.14650414884090424]
[0.09061840921640396]
[0.14156155288219452]
[0.020631808787584305]
[0.025730250403285027]
[0.0007264903397299349]
[0.023560497909784317]
[0.2086709439754486]
[0.003048762446269393]
[0.0024668872356414795]
[0.056539278477430344]
[0.0007357568829320371]
[0.00614641048014164]
[0.04431552812457085]
[0.0014211381785571575]
[0.0037449724040925503]
[0.02148621529340744]
[0.01519571803510189]
[0.04566635563969612]
[0.001262533012777567]
[0.029481925070285797]
[0.021158194169402122]
[0.0009850673377513885]
[0.0007213179487735033]
[0.010537439957261086]
[0.3598107099533081]
[0.004309528041630983]
[0.03340353071689606]
[0.2772548198699951]
[0.004196074791252613]
[0.00038060982478782535]
[0.09925388544797897]
[0.056616924703121185]
[0.05661150440573692]
[0.09438115358352661]
[0.0007249587215483189]
[0.07561793923377991]
[0.05655299499630928]
[0.019107019528746605]
[0.005085444543510675]
[0.0027351893950253725]
[0.0020927239675074816]
[0.10505195707082748]
[0.004878201987594366]
[0.018235141411423683]
[0.0581505186855793]
[0.02935801073908806]
[0.08282862603664398]
[0.0047710370272397995]
[0.019735481590032578]
[0.019058959558606148]
[0.0007133494946174324]
[0.019640294834971428]
[0.036997053772211075]
[0.05642009153962135]
[0.2706625759601593]
[0.738070011138916]
[0.00942079909145832]
[0.0029120254330337048]
[0.16847145557403564]
[0.1720733791589737]
[0.0009804123546928167]
[0.02413261868059635]
[0.003998301457613707]
[0.0025947571266442537]
[0.003949097823351622]
[0.06533242017030716]
[0.0006106647197157145]
[0.0019270735792815685]
[0.0008363069500774145]
[0.01580144092440605]
[0.058597952127456665]
[0.02906574308872223]
[0.012318277731537819]
[0.028788745403289795]
[0.0008336830069310963]
[0.0007324706530198455]
[0.059327758848667145]
[0.018025677651166916]
[0.18351444602012634]
[0.011734642088413239]
[0.0032936965581029654]
[0.0018086564959958196]
[0.0030770134180784225]
[0.05434153974056244]
[0.17417848110198975]
[0.02246181294322014]
[0.26291733980178833]
[0.00130120397079736]
[0.003583848476409912]
[0.003394322469830513]
[0.0008093122160062194]
[0.0016193038318306208]
[0.006161580793559551]
[0.003227622713893652]
[0.0035967216826975346]
[0.00260248314589262]
[0.05882164090871811]
[0.0006782574346289039]
[0.019295688718557358]
[0.005002459976822138]
[0.0007681442657485604]
[0.05673891678452492]
[0.0010377309517934918]
[0.00307062896899879]
[0.0012507394421845675]
[0.011164435185492039]
[0.042340412735939026]
[0.009148319251835346]
[0.05672968924045563]
[0.01641135662794113]
[0.003408765187487006]
[0.013155476190149784]
[0.2972606420516968]
[0.0006688178982585669]
[0.17081290483474731]
[0.0010672274511307478]
[0.012683290988206863]
[0.0009332497138530016]
[0.07457796484231949]
[0.058202918618917465]
[0.0029745555948466063]
[0.04791690781712532]
[0.0009452109225094318]
[0.0016241084085777402]
[0.0030029157642275095]
[0.011066367849707603]
[0.006776550319045782]
[0.004321566317230463]
[0.010449571534991264]
[0.005151465535163879]
[0.000758926325943321]
[0.0008976171957328916]
[0.1427030712366104]
[0.013446079567074776]
[0.009958806447684765]
[0.0007586533320136368]
[0.06478706747293472]
[0.0871434137225151]
[0.16424813866615295]
[0.01220022700726986]
[0.0777314156293869]
[0.011253811419010162]
[0.002413480542600155]
[0.009658687748014927]
[0.0023574810475111008]
[0.01273922249674797]
[0.22580356895923615]
[0.01279173418879509]
[0.2682178020477295]
[0.00345546193420887]
[0.06633495539426804]
[0.004691575653851032]
[0.013665658421814442]
[0.021160103380680084]
[0.33069485425949097]
[0.0006539401365444064]
[0.3639131486415863]
[0.04309405758976936]
[0.0002889595052693039]
[0.05513448268175125]
[0.03486274927854538]
[0.0007535482873208821]
[0.0011219040025025606]
[0.0702807605266571]
[0.06069200113415718]
[0.06342264264822006]
[0.09267085790634155]
[0.0007665968150831759]
[0.0006403805455192924]
[0.0029425208922475576]
[0.0022800082806497812]
[0.08217538148164749]
[0.13494451344013214]
[0.010667202062904835]
[0.002402440644800663]
[0.0026085677091032267]
[0.033968228846788406]
[0.053783126175403595]
[0.0006670420407317579]
[0.0005819795187562704]
[0.003710040356963873]
[0.07019973546266556]
[0.20011164247989655]
[0.016563836485147476]
[0.033777251839637756]
[0.025570832192897797]
[0.0034047334920614958]
[0.10011085867881775]
[0.0005592528032138944]
[0.0003638941852841526]
[0.05182541534304619]
[0.0005793037125840783]
[0.05688748508691788]
[0.11371054500341415]
[0.002011814620345831]
[0.05686165764927864]
[0.07023236155509949]
[0.006148240529000759]
[0.02215312048792839]
[0.062335047870874405]
[0.00440722331404686]
[0.05728037282824516]
[0.000673933420330286]
[0.09807897359132767]
[0.0004616054648067802]
[0.09770325571298599]
[0.09133896976709366]
[0.0014855716144666076]
[0.03043326549232006]
[0.013105150312185287]
[0.0006935466080904007]
[0.04949343577027321]
[0.056869860738515854]
[0.9758603572845459]
[0.0003622098302002996]
[0.0020894070621579885]
[0.017763400450348854]
[0.02299456112086773]
[0.15074963867664337]
[0.05686141923069954]
[0.00380770955234766]
[0.19849956035614014]
[0.010211789980530739]
[0.05683176964521408]
[0.00438724085688591]
[0.30672433972358704]
[0.0009209369891323149]
[0.05624423921108246]
[0.004132524132728577]
[0.0005913448985666037]
[0.0004399379249662161]
[0.11347897350788116]
[0.0042457859963178635]
[0.2972075641155243]
[0.05670688673853874]
[0.05668976902961731]
[0.03247959911823273]
[0.017671149224042892]
[0.07187768816947937]
[0.0005725167575292289]
[0.0008920655236579478]
[0.00024486309848725796]
[0.023436395451426506]
[0.02843048982322216]
[0.017458658665418625]
[0.0003448661300353706]
[0.006490756291896105]
[1.414864182472229]
[0.0006132243433967233]
[0.0022171884775161743]
[0.0023762211203575134]
[0.028288764879107475]
[0.012027460150420666]
[0.05899197980761528]
[0.03178999572992325]
[0.10250502824783325]
[0.09503715485334396]
[0.007874354720115662]
[0.0005698836757801473]
[0.22316260635852814]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.4518876373767853]
[0.3895206153392792]
[0.06595658510923386]
[0.050814151763916016]
[0.05654189735651016]
[0.009009900502860546]
[0.1937221735715866]
[0.15933549404144287]
[0.10947121679782867]
[0.10790388286113739]
[0.0029506224673241377]
[0.07281259447336197]
[0.0037269904278218746]
[0.056475475430488586]
[0.06843235343694687]
[0.05643985792994499]
[0.00710284523665905]
[0.09197487682104111]
[0.07028549164533615]
[0.05179205909371376]
[0.0031218344811350107]
[0.011418057605624199]
[0.005079435184597969]
[0.0021094768308103085]
[0.02614860236644745]
[0.0006860723369754851]
[0.004464407451450825]
[0.0915333479642868]
[0.07213201373815536]
[0.05634956434369087]
[0.06572199612855911]
[0.19149936735630035]
[0.010004333220422268]
[0.08709008246660233]
[0.04340390861034393]
[0.03296928107738495]
[0.035414908081293106]
[0.0006462062010541558]
[0.09601739794015884]
[0.025362687185406685]
[0.011972850188612938]
[0.10106063634157181]
[0.012640298344194889]
[0.10117990523576736]
[0.0006568602402694523]
[0.0014502893900498748]
[0.000629252812359482]
[0.05645148456096649]
[0.17479965090751648]
[0.017744485288858414]
[0.0012556565925478935]
[0.0007191210752353072]
[0.00047760974848642945]
[0.0005287803360261023]
[0.0005994768580421805]
[0.0005982776638120413]
[0.0026876695919781923]
[0.07497776299715042]
[0.000708177627529949]
[0.003237344091758132]
[0.011582385748624802]
[0.003987265285104513]
[0.10256082564592361]
[0.0012158961035311222]
[0.020844196900725365]
[0.047695450484752655]
[0.0006720942328684032]
[0.00038553145714104176]
[0.02496834099292755]
[0.06109421327710152]
[0.05647948384284973]
[0.14155688881874084]
[0.00042553668026812375]
[0.036640435457229614]
[0.10576548427343369]
[0.009373934008181095]
[0.0564163401722908]
[0.052046168595552444]
[0.041960932314395905]
[0.0219530388712883]
[0.0007371450774371624]
[0.0006011100485920906]
[0.0017430325970053673]
[0.03059319779276848]
[0.0256771519780159]
[0.0007172877085395157]
[0.00043573774746619165]
[0.0021451269276440144]
[0.04040397331118584]
[0.05624619498848915]
[0.0161304771900177]
[0.003062802366912365]
[0.08679316192865372]
[0.10492224991321564]
[0.00027210870757699013]
[0.00294691463932395]
[0.0007213865173980594]
[0.05616423487663269]
[0.0072495234198868275]
[0.00026434590108692646]
[0.0006139022880233824]
[0.02163591794669628]
[0.2949208617210388]
[0.004238530062139034]
[0.02084582857787609]
[0.27235323190689087]
[0.05607042461633682]
[0.06997871398925781]
[0.003006321843713522]
[0.044102735817432404]
[0.06660804897546768]
[0.029303813353180885]
[0.21933989226818085]
[0.004452439025044441]
[0.0003960305475629866]
[0.00029134636861272156]
[0.8105804324150085]
[0.0038791766855865717]
[0.0019455004949122667]
[0.02113933302462101]
[0.029305987060070038]
[0.2726314961910248]
[0.0006264551193453372]
[0.0019441774347797036]
[0.26390135288238525]
[0.0560423843562603]
[0.09893432259559631]
[0.0003675444459076971]
[0.05600208789110184]
[0.055977821350097656]
[0.00035023692180402577]
[0.02380736917257309]
[0.5874256491661072]
[0.0019343645544722676]
[0.07484215497970581]
[0.055716708302497864]
[0.17034760117530823]
[0.18311403691768646]
[0.0007395336870104074]
[0.0004848683893214911]
[0.05854596942663193]
[0.033432140946388245]
[0.028596514835953712]
[0.0008513398934155703]
[0.1861381083726883]
[0.0025547633413225412]
[0.0023078308440744877]
[0.04408837482333183]
[0.2035406231880188]
[0.018720407038927078]
[0.006483582314103842]
[0.0044534164480865]
[0.16729682683944702]
[0.1813013106584549]
[0.00974214170128107]
[0.05536886304616928]
[0.4754514992237091]
[0.05536390841007233]
[0.008645384572446346]
[0.7506307363510132]
[0.0046530901454389095]
[0.12571392953395844]
[0.0004840785404667258]
[0.0025014295242726803]
[0.0007508593844249845]
[0.002498829737305641]
[0.00047154436470009387]
[0.00035976068465970457]
[0.004686953499913216]
[0.03018553927540779]
[0.03407049551606178]
[0.00038335734279826283]
[0.0020034657791256905]
[0.34759262204170227]
[0.040369052439928055]
[0.1741018146276474]
[0.0005853035254403949]
[0.00047286893823184073]
[0.0016145706176757812]
[0.05542433634400368]
[0.10137346386909485]
[0.00044435623567551374]
[0.0006231596926227212]
[0.0005590607761405408]
[0.9343327283859253]
[0.9314928650856018]
[0.2590126097202301]
[0.001657185610383749]
[0.009157768450677395]
[0.011477365158498287]
[0.001881189993582666]
[0.0877990797162056]
[0.14166706800460815]
[0.4190722405910492]
[0.000540782290045172]
[0.0017049614107236266]
[0.0028762093279510736]
[0.01674582064151764]
[0.22477887570858002]
[0.002550640143454075]
[0.0051261852495372295]
[0.08763493597507477]
[0.24242587387561798]
[0.0008913184865377843]
[0.002458203351125121]
[0.013129684142768383]
[0.0034849918447434902]
[0.02477267198264599]
[0.0004324378678575158]
[0.08941297233104706]
[0.0015387451276183128]
[0.00044014782179147005]
[0.7154687643051147]
[0.05849704146385193]
[0.019003191962838173]
[0.053867362439632416]
[0.0027207648381590843]
[0.0005844918778166175]
[0.05552559718489647]
[0.011159778572618961]
[0.2669139802455902]
[0.022991834208369255]
[0.0012936282437294722]
[0.16669732332229614]
[0.010369230061769485]
[0.03605706989765167]
[0.05606425181031227]
[0.18890763819217682]
[0.9653606414794922]
[0.5131638050079346]
[0.01091910619288683]
[0.002508236560970545]
[0.5165470242500305]
[0.05551682785153389]
[0.02399034984409809]
[0.3219202756881714]
[0.01875329576432705]
[0.0029864441603422165]
[0.005805799271911383]
[0.13836440443992615]
[0.6466020941734314]
[0.002915663179010153]
[0.2274836152791977]
[0.00048206065548583865]
[0.7595435976982117]
[0.055535685271024704]
[0.01758764684200287]
[0.27549517154693604]
[0.0023978690151125193]
[0.0005990663194097579]
[0.0006173629080876708]
[0.0014988387702032924]
[0.01128445379436016]
[0.27941352128982544]
[0.20595504343509674]
[0.07440759241580963]
[0.001160323154181242]
[0.15022379159927368]
[0.005554616916924715]
[0.1136956661939621]
[0.04425035044550896]
[0.0005197739228606224]
[0.0018457925179973245]
[0.0006904755719006062]
[0.08698547631502151]
[0.0012545358622446656]
[0.16765561699867249]
[0.0005022534169256687]
[0.002930025802925229]
[0.03682893142104149]
[0.06564386934041977]
[0.03442080691456795]
[0.05529889091849327]
[0.020192313939332962]
[0.0833578109741211]
[0.0032741765026003122]
[0.055271074175834656]
[0.06130564212799072]
[0.2514064908027649]
[0.00313285319134593]
[0.0012451353250071406]
[0.05513551086187363]
[0.08604851365089417]
[0.030226653441786766]
[0.0013849069364368916]
[0.003070150502026081]
[0.0018504069885239005]
[0.0006351202027872205]
[0.03396933525800705]
[0.08586812019348145]
[0.05494731292128563]
[0.045470982789993286]
[0.05204492062330246]
[0.054904114454984665]
[0.0006274189217947423]
[0.0029193053487688303]
[0.02077045477926731]
[0.0028521367348730564]
[0.015439548529684544]
[0.06059644743800163]
[0.0006446359329856932]
[0.0005402361275628209]
[0.1742861568927765]
[0.604250431060791]
[0.012497336603701115]
[0.0014592823572456837]
[0.019747784361243248]
[0.05481342971324921]
[0.0005190686206333339]
[0.06732852756977081]
[0.04130729287862778]
[0.055028222501277924]
[0.04784040525555611]
[0.003044934244826436]
[0.6299195885658264]
[0.05477210134267807]
[0.05430673062801361]
[0.05474458634853363]
[0.020090384408831596]
[0.08541269600391388]
[0.0008927056915126741]
[0.054673124104738235]
[0.0013143452815711498]
[0.04373137652873993]
[0.0008168885833583772]
[0.3502642810344696]
[0.000617790559772402]
[0.009175092913210392]
[0.0019443393684923649]
[0.2600029706954956]
[0.0011263603810220957]
[0.0038567802403122187]
[0.00473588053137064]
[0.2423689216375351]
[0.12780004739761353]
[0.11320927739143372]
[0.007030338514596224]
[0.004051730968058109]
[0.055878326296806335]
[0.2864060699939728]
[0.04419664293527603]
[0.0005969482008367777]
[0.06968838721513748]
[0.25961560010910034]
[0.1419454663991928]
[0.0021340539678931236]
[0.05455413833260536]
[0.28114545345306396]
[0.0006021380540914834]
[0.0005571333458647132]
[0.001180182909592986]
[0.05166658014059067]
[0.001693746424280107]
[0.05449768528342247]
[0.0005188377108424902]
[0.004230214282870293]
[0.05445139855146408]
[0.00043938891030848026]
[0.022669553756713867]
[0.00043818779522553086]
[0.0005135432002134621]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.006747265346348286]
[0.03803086653351784]
[0.003933096304535866]
[0.049776867032051086]
[0.00034239637898281217]
[0.10613063722848892]
[0.04731988534331322]
[0.033138468861579895]
[0.030773574486374855]
[0.27290695905685425]
[0.019320739433169365]
[0.00036742218071594834]
[0.040584903210401535]
[0.03894990682601929]
[0.019546937197446823]
[0.026873242110013962]
[0.18708229064941406]
[0.10635161399841309]
[0.014146333560347557]
[0.08884460479021072]
[0.0542897954583168]
[0.0033972240053117275]
[0.0012710064183920622]
[0.00028421642491593957]
[0.02805744670331478]
[0.03560255840420723]
[0.013228589668869972]
[0.054263047873973846]
[0.03425543010234833]
[0.04789618030190468]
[0.012668687850236893]
[0.5437940955162048]
[0.20296524465084076]
[0.08402598649263382]
[0.0029002376832067966]
[0.020906195044517517]
[0.000414233683841303]
[0.004767028149217367]
[0.03375779837369919]
[0.008858570829033852]
[0.02023007720708847]
[0.07545213401317596]
[0.0011673449771478772]
[0.0003290954336989671]
[0.002567315474152565]
[0.4585973024368286]
[0.0003441502631176263]
[0.01927150785923004]
[0.22870862483978271]
[0.0003042017051484436]
[0.2944387197494507]
[0.054091669619083405]
[0.00025358900893479586]
[0.0013107608538120985]
[0.08561567962169647]
[0.020851001143455505]
[0.043020423501729965]
[0.053993310779333115]
[0.19601312279701233]
[0.0031396851409226656]
[0.05395233631134033]
[0.014487453736364841]
[0.13385657966136932]
[0.009945987723767757]
[0.1132533997297287]
[0.0017458765069022775]
[0.0538952462375164]
[0.013089741580188274]
[0.09487980604171753]
[0.0026040852535516024]
[0.05386563763022423]
[0.0002759133349172771]
[0.05383504927158356]
[0.00029961869586259127]
[0.0004167784354649484]
[0.01636185124516487]
[0.018862774595618248]
[0.05793575942516327]
[0.003671645885333419]
[0.10276976227760315]
[0.017376892268657684]
[0.13785023987293243]
[0.0022799710277467966]
[0.001826775842346251]
[0.07019960135221481]
[0.0046445210464298725]
[0.021013714373111725]
[0.14427787065505981]
[0.002598488237708807]
[0.0003380380221642554]
[0.17559021711349487]
[0.0006706804852001369]
[0.05373559519648552]
[0.004074115306138992]
[0.06452393531799316]
[0.002384508028626442]
[0.22259646654129028]
[0.009934348054230213]
[0.009017053991556168]
[0.0004214787913952023]
[0.06579064577817917]
[0.01004854403436184]
[0.0637625902891159]
[0.08566713333129883]
[0.1310454159975052]
[0.051434289664030075]
[0.013492715544998646]
[0.046294741332530975]
[0.003544683801010251]
[0.0065355258993804455]
[0.007225820329040289]
[0.00037669192533940077]
[0.05039381980895996]
[0.0027952874079346657]
[0.053809382021427155]
[0.003106605028733611]
[0.09707213193178177]
[0.047002192586660385]
[0.011463220231235027]
[0.0003438591957092285]
[0.0003422697773203254]
[0.6685430407524109]
[0.013018547557294369]
[0.08509362488985062]
[0.005235948134213686]
[0.0018691410077735782]
[0.012984624132514]
[0.00035349492100067437]
[0.04857463389635086]
[0.02986457757651806]
[0.07075179368257523]
[0.08360487222671509]
[0.05376637354493141]
[0.0035844447556883097]
[0.005147807765752077]
[0.00043570250272750854]
[0.007752040401101112]
[0.05374520272016525]
[0.0019062127685174346]
[0.055286116898059845]
[0.011985158547759056]
[0.04969831556081772]
[0.053669523447752]
[0.05364541709423065]
[0.08560766279697418]
[0.001115528168156743]
[0.03416936472058296]
[0.005103523842990398]
[0.0008845276315696537]
[0.014523601159453392]
[0.024437179788947105]
[0.1243191733956337]
[0.19393689930438995]
[0.10737083107233047]
[0.002834623446688056]
[0.0009094261913560331]
[0.005768038798123598]
[0.005188364535570145]
[0.075287826359272]
[0.01733226701617241]
[0.053439561277627945]
[0.0010353823890909553]
[0.11124900728464127]
[0.004723957274109125]
[0.005452828016132116]
[0.08539822697639465]
[0.26318320631980896]
[0.022661644965410233]
[0.29800140857696533]
[0.0010108737042173743]
[0.048229970037937164]
[0.1698341816663742]
[0.08561934530735016]
[0.007338025141507387]
[0.25260359048843384]
[0.012223451398313046]
[0.014976860024034977]
[0.004914551507681608]
[0.003398817265406251]
[0.2750464379787445]
[0.0009950479725375772]
[0.0015981380129233003]
[0.004013502970337868]
[0.0015470710350200534]
[0.18592418730258942]
[0.05356701463460922]
[0.053673554211854935]
[0.18035487830638885]
[0.024857208132743835]
[0.03653527423739433]
[0.0009820547420531511]
[0.09332902729511261]
[0.053573545068502426]
[0.060590267181396484]
[0.19116994738578796]
[0.0006237666821107268]
[0.0009858692064881325]
[0.1362197995185852]
[0.0011891670292243361]
[0.05353352427482605]
[0.002839799737557769]
[0.013425842858850956]
[0.0014846863923594356]
[0.05063870921730995]
[0.017921702936291695]
[0.0006584162474609911]
[0.013934153132140636]
[0.3672346770763397]
[0.020847076550126076]
[0.3228200674057007]
[0.05344950780272484]
[0.0038092411123216152]
[0.005265670828521252]
[0.0011597306001931429]
[0.038249336183071136]
[0.0008276526350528002]
[0.17148105800151825]
[0.0017450542654842138]
[0.03802089765667915]
[0.005072103813290596]
[0.003701352747157216]
[0.0027246526442468166]
[0.046429622918367386]
[0.01469383854418993]
[0.28772059082984924]
[0.07641701400279999]
[0.015470053069293499]
[0.053407154977321625]
[0.005182589869946241]
[0.03030410222709179]
[0.0008878406952135265]
[0.053380999714136124]
[0.004898035433143377]
[0.036205779761075974]
[0.1411430388689041]
[0.053326550871133804]
[0.008603961206972599]
[0.03172984719276428]
[0.008208678103983402]
[0.002647803630679846]
[0.19756251573562622]
[0.07131440937519073]
[0.053217820823192596]
[0.15224117040634155]
[0.07898946106433868]
[0.023283522576093674]
[0.0009708628640510142]
[0.004788486752659082]
[0.040243010967969894]
[0.03776460513472557]
[0.16812914609909058]
[0.001185678062029183]
[0.000838155101519078]
[0.027294175699353218]
[0.014848082326352596]
[0.0312880240380764]
[0.0008402570965699852]
[0.1728649139404297]
[0.020801357924938202]
[0.0009743281989358366]
[0.00505166407674551]
[0.0029054100159555674]
[0.11543025821447372]
[0.010655641555786133]
[0.0532551109790802]
[0.0008307276875711977]
[0.08603960275650024]
[0.004270988516509533]
[0.0023562454152852297]
[0.0041971527971327305]
[0.09659260511398315]
[0.001179600483737886]
[0.03618817403912544]
[0.025759313255548477]
[0.03198828548192978]
[0.05328358709812164]
[0.004053884651511908]
[0.004368700552731752]
[0.07143053412437439]
[0.0039461697451770306]
[0.0993894636631012]
[0.0008466274011880159]
[0.053266026079654694]
[0.030998582020401955]
[0.021639667451381683]
[0.014751505106687546]
[0.028773179277777672]
[0.025085804983973503]
[0.003506067208945751]
[0.002201685681939125]
[0.08759355545043945]
[0.021134376525878906]
[0.30906903743743896]
[0.0004309789219405502]
[0.0009327278239652514]
[0.0035673989914357662]
[0.0030399879906326532]
[0.0851374939084053]
[0.003375689499080181]
[0.1383746713399887]
[0.08497466892004013]
[0.0059653390198946]
[0.03450523689389229]
[0.053313761949539185]
[0.00431441143155098]
[0.027044128626585007]
[0.009777402505278587]
[0.15799422562122345]
[0.000995064852759242]
[0.6326513886451721]
[0.05333265662193298]
[0.0008556877728551626]
[0.24956442415714264]
[0.0006440635188482702]
[0.2582489848136902]
[0.0008614313555881381]
[0.031383320689201355]
[0.004713058937340975]
[0.0008834113250486553]
[0.003913232125341892]
[0.0028960248455405235]
[0.027622340247035027]
[0.05316063389182091]
[0.0006474845577031374]
[0.00293253967538476]
[0.022383837029337883]
[0.0018886097241193056]
[0.003687078133225441]
[0.013677298091351986]
[0.05309290438890457]
[0.0010213330388069153]
[0.008283402770757675]
[0.006832369603216648]
[0.05305019021034241]
[0.14091727137565613]
[0.013312212191522121]
[0.004690429661422968]
[0.03958417475223541]
[0.027911575511097908]
[0.0022675085347145796]
[0.052885502576828]
[0.0004969483707100153]
[0.05283670499920845]
[0.010201522149145603]
[0.001034520217217505]
[0.18216487765312195]
[0.10630826652050018]
[0.12345647811889648]
[0.11890660226345062]
[0.007892249152064323]
[0.05268227681517601]
[0.0023255718406289816]
[0.06541112065315247]
[0.01614098809659481]
[0.05262710154056549]
[0.0021645918022841215]
[0.002199954818934202]
[0.13580729067325592]
[0.0009000460850074887]
[0.0019590831361711025]
[0.0028007326181977987]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.012015189044177532]
[0.0026133782230317593]
[0.0972200483083725]
[0.0006338749662972987]
[0.17440639436244965]
[0.02544855885207653]
[0.05655750259757042]
[0.05788382887840271]
[0.04898614436388016]
[0.2780326008796692]
[0.00048359858919866383]
[0.052559174597263336]
[0.0010354520054534078]
[0.15837247669696808]
[0.009136329405009747]
[0.003046001773327589]
[0.00324257486499846]
[0.0004362307954579592]
[0.0011360942153260112]
[0.034037377685308456]
[0.02529936470091343]
[0.015032303519546986]
[0.11295713484287262]
[0.005820676684379578]
[0.4332827031612396]
[0.2598985731601715]
[0.00642037158831954]
[0.00116468477062881]
[0.003577959490939975]
[0.0009627917897887528]
[0.05245952680706978]
[0.0031180158257484436]
[0.07331562042236328]
[0.0003104124334640801]
[0.04511995241045952]
[0.001984367147088051]
[0.33997684717178345]
[0.0026962796691805124]
[0.014306358993053436]
[0.05237393081188202]
[0.15275834500789642]
[0.1524128019809723]
[0.05234602093696594]
[0.0009066769271157682]
[0.06875601410865784]
[0.0011362310033291578]
[0.0015030382201075554]
[0.002139107324182987]
[0.013661147095263004]
[0.06491662561893463]
[0.09007932990789413]
[0.04533079266548157]
[0.0032947815489023924]
[0.013982710428535938]
[0.0005246753571555018]
[0.07854929566383362]
[0.05228099972009659]
[0.047651272267103195]
[0.001084499410353601]
[0.0006801682757213712]
[0.17643916606903076]
[0.08546046912670135]
[0.0029309506062418222]
[0.1995716243982315]
[0.04291171953082085]
[0.05219830572605133]
[0.0006521434988826513]
[0.0009379350231029093]
[0.0226322952657938]
[0.01152881234884262]
[0.029877783730626106]
[0.0934310182929039]
[0.002696390962228179]
[0.020443756133317947]
[0.0017472140025347471]
[0.10579174757003784]
[0.028581390157341957]
[0.03271414712071419]
[0.0003831147332675755]
[0.08517752587795258]
[0.03251395747065544]
[0.0036074905656278133]
[0.002635862911120057]
[0.10128814727067947]
[0.08493845909833908]
[0.0006727095460519195]
[0.00838000699877739]
[0.026461411267518997]
[0.052118416875600815]
[0.028713896870613098]
[0.009686331264674664]
[0.14004448056221008]
[0.008288132026791573]
[0.0006982333143241704]
[0.013484425842761993]
[0.0005185249610804021]
[0.09007221460342407]
[0.011165683157742023]
[0.052132874727249146]
[0.00047797433217056096]
[0.05536707863211632]
[0.04915022477507591]
[0.8183639049530029]
[0.05210353806614876]
[0.0006281503010541201]
[0.03656623885035515]
[0.044039443135261536]
[0.025975890457630157]
[0.07498746365308762]
[0.012956362217664719]
[0.003074374981224537]
[0.1621033102273941]
[0.0020652166567742825]
[0.001034064800478518]
[0.003361923387274146]
[0.0018037274712696671]
[0.03604551777243614]
[0.05201157554984093]
[0.1783684492111206]
[0.10478740930557251]
[0.00045472069177776575]
[0.05197463557124138]
[0.0019900589250028133]
[0.0005512033239938319]
[0.051928214728832245]
[0.0019186224089935422]
[0.002761946991086006]
[0.0010160920210182667]
[0.04274364933371544]
[0.0181440319865942]
[0.09121812134981155]
[0.0006542509072460234]
[0.0025112093426287174]
[0.01883106119930744]
[0.15506567060947418]
[0.0006080782623030245]
[0.7069337964057922]
[0.05187727138400078]
[0.020801328122615814]
[0.003773847594857216]
[0.004481540527194738]
[0.032860949635505676]
[0.015614780597388744]
[0.0010442801285535097]
[0.002788216806948185]
[0.08404936641454697]
[0.0862434133887291]
[0.000559720559976995]
[0.18885768949985504]
[0.08680174499750137]
[0.1849982887506485]
[0.001208620029501617]
[0.05183226242661476]
[0.051833562552928925]
[0.10973060876131058]
[0.0017237201100215316]
[0.04807556793093681]
[0.04044625908136368]
[0.0034754478838294744]
[0.4584199786186218]
[0.001100047375075519]
[0.0021758275106549263]
[0.06905951350927353]
[0.013019481673836708]
[0.16585132479667664]
[0.06990917026996613]
[0.019068030640482903]
[0.006736860144883394]
[0.05187822878360748]
[0.08383996784687042]
[0.010507241822779179]
[0.000760513823479414]
[0.1422799974679947]
[0.0659419372677803]
[0.002221879782155156]
[0.0803801640868187]
[0.27030566334724426]
[0.05184241384267807]
[0.0005758815677836537]
[0.04314703866839409]
[0.08363363146781921]
[0.007107243407517672]
[0.0024904098827391863]
[0.0004672757931984961]
[0.001027778722345829]
[4.182082653045654]
[0.051803234964609146]
[0.05181324854493141]
[0.1426876336336136]
[0.00196479307487607]
[0.036125749349594116]
[0.11299876868724823]
[0.0006081158644519746]
[0.07278265804052353]
[0.05978156253695488]
[0.1188063994050026]
[0.03453821316361427]
[0.009047898463904858]
[0.0018697448540478945]
[0.23197972774505615]
[0.09698539972305298]
[0.03277987241744995]
[0.051812272518873215]
[0.05179773271083832]
[0.022554203867912292]
[0.0021051072981208563]
[0.0008742695208638906]
[0.004078334663063288]
[0.02790360525250435]
[0.0011749380500987172]
[0.35243356227874756]
[0.0005099561531096697]
[0.0011507851304486394]
[0.026076436042785645]
[0.1555730700492859]
[0.0036357585340738297]
[0.002865141723304987]
[0.1687954068183899]
[0.002144826576113701]
[0.007775268983095884]
[0.0005381213850341737]
[0.017402006313204765]
[0.006299695000052452]
[0.0007994927000254393]
[0.25883081555366516]
[0.16203251481056213]
[0.0008595756371505558]
[0.051622115075588226]
[0.0027625251095741987]
[0.1360500007867813]
[0.0005774014280177653]
[0.003479690058156848]
[0.009110105223953724]
[0.09990137815475464]
[0.030131870880723]
[0.1372029334306717]
[0.5656407475471497]
[0.09429892897605896]
[0.0007438550819642842]
[0.1039142981171608]
[0.002069279784336686]
[0.06618709862232208]
[0.05164525657892227]
[0.008047538809478283]
[0.0069222175516188145]
[0.0009492274839431047]
[0.09329403191804886]
[0.000913545023649931]
[0.031108122318983078]
[0.029489535838365555]
[0.057305995374917984]
[0.08370699733495712]
[0.042121682316064835]
[0.01574174128472805]
[0.08367353677749634]
[0.005057407543063164]
[0.15093421936035156]
[0.0010010871337726712]
[0.2864481210708618]
[0.05502717196941376]
[0.023427283391356468]
[0.0011046112049371004]
[0.041295286267995834]
[0.0011177420383319259]
[0.005136662162840366]
[0.005593316629528999]
[0.07748451828956604]
[0.28524458408355713]
[0.088823601603508]
[0.0011255197459831834]
[0.08548996597528458]
[0.004633807111531496]
[0.00425373949110508]
[0.004225514829158783]
[0.0009685021359473467]
[0.0028738644905388355]
[0.14780360460281372]
[0.001870773616246879]
[0.5237829685211182]
[0.004179425071924925]
[0.004195611458271742]
[0.0191209614276886]
[0.002571584191173315]
[0.0014485997380688787]
[0.0010985757689923048]
[0.004502883180975914]
[0.05187750235199928]
[0.1015399619936943]
[0.0813678726553917]
[0.0018368256278336048]
[0.04711327701807022]
[0.0011080126278102398]
[0.0010930935386568308]
[0.024542653933167458]
[0.234063059091568]
[0.009295103140175343]
[0.15851397812366486]
[0.0038679814897477627]
[0.0011204226175323129]
[0.38705188035964966]
[0.006126826629042625]
[0.004130196757614613]
[0.05295654758810997]
[0.023036545142531395]
[0.0029280250892043114]
[0.06407967209815979]
[0.0038520332891494036]
[0.19739559292793274]
[0.03443434089422226]
[0.0012419166741892695]
[0.0045876954682171345]
[0.08325686305761337]
[0.0016385135240852833]
[0.02951720729470253]
[0.018743377178907394]
[0.05207754671573639]
[0.08305361121892929]
[0.2105558216571808]
[0.04527285695075989]
[0.10516415536403656]
[0.05207626521587372]
[0.07230579107999802]
[0.0030705048702657223]
[0.0014273874694481492]
[0.0016494543524459004]
[0.23657569289207458]
[0.4037743806838989]
[0.05207500979304314]
[0.5145275592803955]
[0.006887685041874647]
[0.00407152995467186]
[0.026245202869176865]
[0.052061647176742554]
[0.05204973369836807]
[0.4953324794769287]
[0.0689871609210968]
[0.0005606467602774501]
[0.003956968896090984]
[0.03063184767961502]
[0.0012971041724085808]
[0.08287190645933151]
[0.06283038854598999]
[0.10635853558778763]
[0.05195499584078789]
[0.04778650775551796]
[0.23504289984703064]
[0.012776456773281097]
[0.05192948877811432]
[0.004635326098650694]
[0.31168049573898315]
[0.06585924327373505]
[0.056936394423246384]
[0.13824042677879333]
[0.0033343860413879156]
[0.11662739515304565]
[0.0055527579970657825]
[0.051852259784936905]
[0.0018777991645038128]
[0.0011648699874058366]
[0.060943156480789185]
[0.004101949278265238]
[0.12326474487781525]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.005454142112284899]
[0.0014218890573829412]
[0.0008860445814207196]
[0.0003902091411873698]
[0.0012966616777703166]
[0.0018693666206672788]
[0.004049450624734163]
[0.001904611592181027]
[0.03450154885649681]
[0.06404761970043182]
[0.0015782874543219805]
[0.0020919733215123415]
[0.00127027602866292]
[0.0019142086384817958]
[0.062379077076911926]
[0.03308923542499542]
[0.0012492500245571136]
[0.050062552094459534]
[0.026814008131623268]
[0.05185900628566742]
[0.004964068066328764]
[0.010321356356143951]
[0.20456033945083618]
[0.2650093138217926]
[0.0014703503111377358]
[0.17807558178901672]
[0.0008217686554417014]
[0.095171257853508]
[0.15102379024028778]
[0.00794275477528572]
[0.28572550415992737]
[0.048867128789424896]
[0.004718774929642677]
[0.004210130777209997]
[0.1312927007675171]
[0.003570892848074436]
[0.02928784303367138]
[0.0008510305196978152]
[0.08482582122087479]
[0.0018612126586958766]
[0.03043244034051895]
[0.06380932033061981]
[0.029709089547395706]
[0.15494577586650848]
[0.12350452691316605]
[0.004395252093672752]
[0.15340806543827057]
[0.003403790295124054]
[0.0011018712539225817]
[0.051738932728767395]
[0.04105346277356148]
[0.0031625377014279366]
[0.09037274122238159]
[0.021660737693309784]
[0.051713988184928894]
[0.011623106896877289]
[0.0047791264951229095]
[0.004726438783109188]
[0.0010746076004579663]
[0.02416209690272808]
[0.3694661855697632]
[0.001214930322021246]
[0.046595118939876556]
[0.0516863614320755]
[0.0017940017860382795]
[0.004164301324635744]
[0.4436028003692627]
[0.14178366959095]
[0.13085412979125977]
[0.044778380542993546]
[0.0040887389332056046]
[0.0030990568920969963]
[0.006146826781332493]
[0.033945146948099136]
[0.08297331631183624]
[0.003291364526376128]
[0.05167043209075928]
[0.06818925589323044]
[0.08587942272424698]
[0.013993027620017529]
[0.07939023524522781]
[0.051655545830726624]
[0.051643405109643936]
[0.0014225153718143702]
[0.0017658764263615012]
[0.10077781975269318]
[0.09536108374595642]
[0.004558587446808815]
[0.0242483988404274]
[0.0007834088173694909]
[0.001184506225399673]
[0.0011946437880396843]
[0.006860899738967419]
[0.0007864800281822681]
[0.08294162899255753]
[0.008860628120601177]
[0.0010551010491326451]
[0.15021628141403198]
[0.015035910531878471]
[0.00019776012049987912]
[0.2577122151851654]
[0.007469936739653349]
[0.03974045440554619]
[0.018987033516168594]
[0.003362235613167286]
[0.057504743337631226]
[0.012440361082553864]
[0.005511528812348843]
[0.0009428125340491533]
[0.004493431653827429]
[0.005517627578228712]
[0.009388200007379055]
[0.038121193647384644]
[0.0010629777098074555]
[0.006546854507178068]
[0.17550520598888397]
[0.051748622208833694]
[0.0027236323803663254]
[0.0010683173313736916]
[0.0010610802564769983]
[0.030169224366545677]
[0.0012607392854988575]
[0.0008121805731207132]
[0.0017657502321526408]
[0.0044348957017064095]
[0.036841291934251785]
[0.04661796614527702]
[0.21994037926197052]
[0.0032188689801841974]
[0.0031292850617319345]
[0.11457948386669159]
[0.0009007917833514512]
[0.17879199981689453]
[0.20977596938610077]
[0.17476722598075867]
[0.0022513519506901503]
[0.0012260392541065812]
[0.4545328915119171]
[0.005602689925581217]
[0.004052431788295507]
[0.05180131271481514]
[0.008805193938314915]
[0.00404755212366581]
[0.0003367065219208598]
[0.0010030361590906978]
[0.0026293941773474216]
[0.008380705490708351]
[0.0012104918714612722]
[0.07494115084409714]
[0.0035491615999490023]
[0.0014116608072072268]
[0.05178741365671158]
[0.05177721381187439]
[0.029342086985707283]
[0.0038575781509280205]
[0.08571113646030426]
[0.0009822878055274487]
[0.07481693476438522]
[0.055136583745479584]
[0.004064176231622696]
[0.004161577671766281]
[0.05163697898387909]
[0.008526128716766834]
[0.005288831423968077]
[0.05159550532698631]
[0.051573172211647034]
[0.00411741528660059]
[0.0018200143240392208]
[0.008163929916918278]
[0.0017715203575789928]
[0.0030453491490334272]
[0.0014028687728568912]
[0.06076084449887276]
[0.3532705307006836]
[0.08319983631372452]
[0.011047151871025562]
[0.001029461738653481]
[0.05459218472242355]
[0.0004933063173666596]
[0.0014219580916687846]
[0.08309581875801086]
[0.02252318151295185]
[0.009685244411230087]
[0.037251368165016174]
[0.0010446930537000299]
[0.002397228730842471]
[0.05140265077352524]
[0.08289507031440735]
[0.0036127185449004173]
[0.021706536412239075]
[0.0014078099047765136]
[0.05847973749041557]
[0.3197837471961975]
[0.0016836683498695493]
[0.030130872502923012]
[0.007296036928892136]
[0.009993728250265121]
[0.0015956717543303967]
[0.18929557502269745]
[0.0011805216781795025]
[0.0010351840173825622]
[0.0032508177682757378]
[0.0014232597313821316]
[0.004464419558644295]
[0.00317128817550838]
[0.02080170437693596]
[0.03315014764666557]
[0.0013618941884487867]
[0.0017828341806307435]
[0.05750056728720665]
[0.1639297902584076]
[0.002509927377104759]
[0.020817268639802933]
[0.08262255042791367]
[0.11504299938678741]
[0.0013943430967628956]
[0.0008098197868093848]
[0.31553447246551514]
[0.08578551560640335]
[0.0010233924258500338]
[0.2627565264701843]
[0.2681359052658081]
[0.024723194539546967]
[0.0020989214535802603]
[0.42927658557891846]
[0.14674215018749237]
[0.07154923677444458]
[0.0013882388593629003]
[0.0011856354540213943]
[0.001036334317177534]
[0.014794950373470783]
[0.02707804925739765]
[0.0011916947551071644]
[0.08614301681518555]
[0.004806028213351965]
[0.007596073672175407]
[0.051735639572143555]
[0.01751832477748394]
[0.004581580404192209]
[0.024356061592698097]
[0.11696529388427734]
[0.002830484416335821]
[0.004785012919455767]
[0.0031896112486720085]
[0.17284488677978516]
[0.0010347686475142837]
[0.01392851211130619]
[0.024669568985700607]
[0.0030629250686615705]
[0.003563881851732731]
[0.0035220556892454624]
[0.05179882422089577]
[0.004537266679108143]
[0.004541506990790367]
[0.003442708868533373]
[0.09440068155527115]
[0.013122346252202988]
[0.006275574676692486]
[0.004591058008372784]
[0.004579886328428984]
[0.14886674284934998]
[0.08424527198076248]
[0.0029827463440597057]
[0.0024578673765063286]
[0.0004174704372417182]
[0.2416626363992691]
[0.1603432595729828]
[0.051884908229112625]
[0.31850171089172363]
[0.0009913346730172634]
[0.0003993720456492156]
[0.01998339593410492]
[0.03808853030204773]
[0.0033154680859297514]
[0.0031421345192939043]
[0.000755377346649766]
[0.01812719739973545]
[0.051870688796043396]
[0.025354042649269104]
[0.014616790227591991]
[0.03371569886803627]
[0.012346520088613033]
[0.0023014231119304895]
[0.05181634798645973]
[0.012505458667874336]
[0.08211293071508408]
[0.0028363775927573442]
[0.1379384547472]
[0.0009871432557702065]
[0.15584123134613037]
[0.051743604242801666]
[0.010941391810774803]
[0.0016049012774601579]
[0.003164823167026043]
[0.0010032160207629204]
[0.020995400846004486]
[0.05167071521282196]
[0.009173732250928879]
[0.014553768560290337]
[0.004710618872195482]
[0.0005327670369297266]
[0.05160260573029518]
[0.0043332865461707115]
[0.0048673562705516815]
[0.0010004222858697176]
[0.003070616163313389]
[0.0388614758849144]
[0.017137903720140457]
[0.0032281307503581047]
[0.08201518654823303]
[0.02224132791161537]
[0.0009265418630093336]
[0.0008440539822913706]
[0.002989557571709156]
[0.003455567406490445]
[0.09931578487157822]
[0.013860460370779037]
[0.0029287294019013643]
[0.0011368527775630355]
[0.004713785368949175]
[0.05156184732913971]
[0.00044848601100966334]
[0.015794314444065094]
[0.0743313729763031]
[0.051534783095121384]
[0.001140186912380159]
[0.0006906145135872066]
[0.05149199068546295]
[0.00043198768980801105]
[0.04145769029855728]
[0.0030225899536162615]
[0.22082525491714478]
[0.2862837016582489]
[0.0007765383925288916]
[0.02862110547721386]
[0.05136120319366455]
[0.05134064331650734]
[0.05130970478057861]
[0.0512695349752903]
[0.0011887088185176253]
[0.0004045262176077813]
[0.3438481092453003]
[0.00649913540109992]
[0.4995619058609009]
[0.05101728439331055]
[0.002707642037421465]
[0.05089351162314415]
[0.07068245857954025]
[0.0012285656994208694]
[0.05072152242064476]
[0.07242238521575928]
[0.0012656094040721655]
[0.050570953637361526]
[0.00049348030006513]
[0.226437509059906]
[0.0012955606216564775]
[0.0007661214331164956]
[0.13662654161453247]
[0.05032188072800636]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.00617752131074667]
[0.04683966189622879]
[0.0007679123664274812]
[0.050211962312459946]
[0.00111472443677485]
[5.887889862060547]
[0.20299319922924042]
[0.11223122477531433]
[0.0013075704919174314]
[0.0032099932432174683]
[0.009356231428682804]
[0.0011914265342056751]
[0.022571949288249016]
[0.11173145473003387]
[0.33794867992401123]
[0.507387638092041]
[0.10397784411907196]
[0.09864336997270584]
[0.5476024150848389]
[0.08650834113359451]
[0.003998830448836088]
[0.049875009804964066]
[0.0007333026151172817]
[0.05135837942361832]
[0.03662984445691109]
[0.04956687614321709]
[0.004315701313316822]
[0.35573744773864746]
[0.21135564148426056]
[0.0008828181307762861]
[0.1068558469414711]
[0.0013518136693164706]
[0.0008233687840402126]
[0.41055381298065186]
[0.015009135939180851]
[0.0013412778498604894]
[0.019455451518297195]
[0.1526346653699875]
[0.04988059028983116]
[0.2362934648990631]
[0.04986634850502014]
[0.00045913434587419033]
[0.0021001677960157394]
[0.14323914051055908]
[0.17877651751041412]
[0.09111638367176056]
[0.30394095182418823]
[0.38427048921585083]
[0.04979437217116356]
[0.033782195299863815]
[0.1089576929807663]
[0.0016176480567082763]
[0.31541553139686584]
[0.0008864209521561861]
[0.0776064470410347]
[0.10082156211137772]
[0.0013490484561771154]
[0.08173444867134094]
[0.0008481772383674979]
[0.02335544303059578]
[0.0769953802227974]
[0.049699053168296814]
[0.039270371198654175]
[0.015441427007317543]
[0.5171961188316345]
[0.03511492535471916]
[0.004408643580973148]
[0.04073105379939079]
[0.025156134739518166]
[0.01824379526078701]
[0.03093225695192814]
[0.15389986336231232]
[0.018385842442512512]
[0.05303679406642914]
[0.05093712359666824]
[0.019456559792160988]
[0.001177377300336957]
[0.5252413153648376]
[0.01614684797823429]
[0.2042827159166336]
[0.005407565273344517]
[0.712526798248291]
[0.0013274741359055042]
[0.032281938940286636]
[0.049730084836483]
[0.001184825785458088]
[0.26437270641326904]
[0.08537891507148743]
[0.0006938825827091932]
[0.0042846910655498505]
[0.0032150177285075188]
[0.015321229584515095]
[0.01213595736771822]
[0.003499103244394064]
[0.01769937388598919]
[0.1343023180961609]
[0.1356125771999359]
[0.011796869337558746]
[0.11591269820928574]
[0.31104862689971924]
[0.00797926913946867]
[0.4819774329662323]
[0.0019696501549333334]
[0.004763997625559568]
[0.21731790900230408]
[0.0394710898399353]
[0.1762634813785553]
[0.4644264578819275]
[0.0020756334997713566]
[0.04981859028339386]
[0.1393110603094101]
[0.0813358873128891]
[0.002601572312414646]
[0.36748436093330383]
[0.0007790132076479495]
[0.00152892607729882]
[0.03145051375031471]
[0.03996778652071953]
[0.35230734944343567]
[0.011208725161850452]
[0.0012013274244964123]
[0.08319554477930069]
[0.0498267263174057]
[0.001847927225753665]
[0.0021473465021699667]
[0.015660975128412247]
[0.04981398582458496]
[0.017722558230161667]
[0.0006138259777799249]
[0.00076442607678473]
[0.00110440154094249]
[0.04183124378323555]
[0.0018589433748275042]
[0.5367484092712402]
[0.0260408166795969]
[0.02099224552512169]
[0.04151951149106026]
[0.05059487745165825]
[0.09952397644519806]
[0.08300045877695084]
[0.014551274478435516]
[0.0011851113522425294]
[0.04973817989230156]
[0.1277814358472824]
[0.0003468872746452689]
[0.0018006383907049894]
[0.0012317964574322104]
[0.013475869782269001]
[0.002727932296693325]
[0.0019231578335165977]
[0.004898289684206247]
[0.0009861172875389457]
[0.036220747977495193]
[0.00035082732210867107]
[0.08344237506389618]
[0.015857478603720665]
[0.0003840370336547494]
[0.01189156249165535]
[0.013183201663196087]
[0.049677371978759766]
[0.002538528759032488]
[0.028990978375077248]
[0.04972207546234131]
[0.0004080013604834676]
[0.0024136516731232405]
[0.00376409525051713]
[0.08263576775789261]
[0.007794556207954884]
[0.026031937450170517]
[0.0012168221874162555]
[0.008951904252171516]
[0.049722421914339066]
[0.04971497878432274]
[0.15194615721702576]
[0.020550768822431564]
[0.0005954635562375188]
[0.0010101578664034605]
[0.0008714616415090859]
[0.0033090936485677958]
[0.0015935359988361597]
[0.09704427421092987]
[0.05812830850481987]
[0.13597194850444794]
[0.010507132858037949]
[0.19978150725364685]
[0.001629565260373056]
[0.002568746916949749]
[0.007640758063644171]
[0.09166734665632248]
[0.035610441118478775]
[0.007782684173434973]
[0.04962606728076935]
[0.0011451839236542583]
[0.007325008977204561]
[0.0007290667854249477]
[0.0008119315025396645]
[0.01605379208922386]
[0.0005475437501445413]
[0.003360243048518896]
[0.008357707411050797]
[0.04957873001694679]
[0.0039857663214206696]
[0.030410610139369965]
[0.0023608130868524313]
[0.05940878391265869]
[0.04954259842634201]
[0.14339084923267365]
[0.0015599222388118505]
[0.0631101205945015]
[0.25195011496543884]
[0.001546125509776175]
[0.0862901583313942]
[0.001219015452079475]
[0.0010369679657742381]
[0.12056983262300491]
[0.0385868065059185]
[0.0030680482741445303]
[0.001960905734449625]
[0.052372731268405914]
[0.04932980611920357]
[0.05018073692917824]
[0.5014560222625732]
[0.0004194479843135923]
[0.32367026805877686]
[0.02270558290183544]
[0.011446046642959118]
[0.02211448922753334]
[0.004560999106615782]
[0.0019029129762202501]
[0.010585611686110497]
[0.008905673399567604]
[0.0005127794574946165]
[0.04921655356884003]
[0.0012968606315553188]
[0.0025495346635580063]
[0.04155604541301727]
[0.24114149808883667]
[0.013811013661324978]
[0.0016837940784171224]
[0.001993446843698621]
[0.0011779150227084756]
[0.006727554835379124]
[0.09346309304237366]
[0.2314416766166687]
[0.041344109922647476]
[0.08229301124811172]
[0.026663219556212425]
[0.03354794532060623]
[0.024636879563331604]
[0.08221685141324997]
[0.0007120362715795636]
[0.05172295868396759]
[0.00199966412037611]
[0.0030142166651785374]
[0.001659191562794149]
[0.019298125058412552]
[0.0014397484483197331]
[0.0009191676508635283]
[0.026766860857605934]
[0.0018023720476776361]
[0.09604129940271378]
[0.008956893347203732]
[0.0022419565357267857]
[0.028843708336353302]
[0.16141864657402039]
[0.000650117639452219]
[0.0072973002679646015]
[0.0004180270479992032]
[0.0007224543951451778]
[0.04924634471535683]
[0.012806781567633152]
[0.12349863350391388]
[0.03642768785357475]
[0.00035011046566069126]
[0.01780572347342968]
[0.007751076947897673]
[0.01904863677918911]
[0.0011131722712889314]
[0.025298090651631355]
[0.19154052436351776]
[0.027148447930812836]
[0.001177253550849855]
[0.029185660183429718]
[0.0009473995305597782]
[0.057099223136901855]
[0.0026360140182077885]
[0.014696999453008175]
[0.0023890354204922915]
[0.0749254822731018]
[0.21145828068256378]
[0.08214791119098663]
[0.009745513089001179]
[0.001332374638877809]
[0.0008324254886247218]
[0.005672907456755638]
[0.0029642742592841387]
[0.013741813600063324]
[0.0013305593747645617]
[0.12465591728687286]
[0.0017507895827293396]
[0.003162071341648698]
[0.07682271301746368]
[0.009035110473632812]
[0.11535408347845078]
[0.06555880606174469]
[0.038563016802072525]
[0.04208613932132721]
[0.08207770437002182]
[0.00802583247423172]
[0.20111681520938873]
[0.018835505470633507]
[0.5384334325790405]
[0.007522942032665014]
[0.03917423635721207]
[0.003533673472702503]
[0.0013045952655375004]
[0.005172892939299345]
[0.029450546950101852]
[0.07087162882089615]
[0.0045412806794047356]
[0.0014428773429244757]
[0.004558905493468046]
[0.022664004936814308]
[0.026513131335377693]
[0.04150089621543884]
[0.006973457522690296]
[0.07509317994117737]
[0.021704278886318207]
[0.024182258173823357]
[0.0014356912579387426]
[0.016584603115916252]
[0.09300210326910019]
[0.04940233379602432]
[0.007416795007884502]
[0.0029352507553994656]
[0.08198080211877823]
[0.005659849848598242]
[0.14368559420108795]
[0.005704742856323719]
[0.15189722180366516]
[0.049430154263973236]
[0.022931812331080437]
[0.025286046788096428]
[0.0011683490592986345]
[0.0010958951897919178]
[0.056499190628528595]
[0.0012612933060154319]
[0.005069462116807699]
[0.0014218151336535811]
[0.02432510443031788]
[0.022405972704291344]
[0.0027332028839737177]
[0.015704898163676262]
[0.09530308842658997]
[0.21971973776817322]
[0.021302087232470512]
[0.009306381456553936]
[0.017253423109650612]
[0.002129153348505497]
[0.03245771303772926]
[0.17593839764595032]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.026209091767668724]
[0.006970599759370089]
[0.22716733813285828]
[0.0019104982493445277]
[0.16857090592384338]
[0.22076904773712158]
[0.0819658562541008]
[0.004190956708043814]
[0.011312571354210377]
[0.0028095035813748837]
[0.0646122470498085]
[0.0033592144027352333]
[0.049676746129989624]
[0.009097060188651085]
[0.002059929771348834]
[0.001015593414194882]
[0.0011404964607208967]
[0.002130314940586686]
[0.0004490903520490974]
[0.0020858836360275745]
[0.03760281205177307]
[0.0006336626247502863]
[0.38266709446907043]
[0.001518053701147437]
[0.003583913203328848]
[0.008624717593193054]
[0.3790714740753174]
[0.01335029024630785]
[0.04965760558843613]
[0.05247829481959343]
[0.00042094619129784405]
[0.04958389699459076]
[0.13677820563316345]
[0.0884297788143158]
[0.0633106455206871]
[0.003505535190925002]
[0.010825472883880138]
[0.11617916822433472]
[0.004097031895071268]
[0.016870731487870216]
[0.0010994801996275783]
[0.024754364043474197]
[0.0043776798993349075]
[0.005029710009694099]
[0.0008474068599753082]
[0.034376855939626694]
[0.09232489764690399]
[0.004613569937646389]
[0.0979270488023758]
[0.0006476236740127206]
[0.33733630180358887]
[0.11702104657888412]
[0.000864214904140681]
[0.0035449438728392124]
[0.2120135873556137]
[0.003239464946091175]
[0.004957356955856085]
[0.10023355484008789]
[0.0012242054799571633]
[0.08184821158647537]
[0.003932051360607147]
[0.0014162110164761543]
[0.009116876870393753]
[0.0013140311930328608]
[0.044490572065114975]
[0.07493951916694641]
[0.0016516922041773796]
[0.0028243192937225103]
[0.0034318766556680202]
[0.0028647654689848423]
[0.02493644505739212]
[0.0034217005595564842]
[0.07271050661802292]
[0.0030475156381726265]
[0.16447563469409943]
[0.015517218969762325]
[0.0013951431028544903]
[0.026751546189188957]
[0.001219968544319272]
[0.004019817803055048]
[0.0496969111263752]
[0.0164041668176651]
[0.0036318302154541016]
[0.05004259571433067]
[0.013299964368343353]
[0.0013833519769832492]
[0.007774608675390482]
[0.0011374043533578515]
[0.4559011459350586]
[0.04863094910979271]
[0.004525463096797466]
[0.2185683399438858]
[0.023996079340577126]
[0.04512789845466614]
[0.013040147721767426]
[0.0013739349087700248]
[0.007790830917656422]
[0.0020317125599831343]
[0.5401126146316528]
[0.18600021302700043]
[0.0041478825733065605]
[0.004221773240715265]
[0.014472727663815022]
[0.08350598067045212]
[0.04633897915482521]
[0.0848136842250824]
[0.10245763510465622]
[0.017921339720487595]
[0.13947618007659912]
[0.049653973430395126]
[0.005329761654138565]
[0.020981764420866966]
[0.05185679346323013]
[0.023862790316343307]
[0.00426136888563633]
[0.0014120469568297267]
[0.0036661813501268625]
[0.02739454247057438]
[0.17150245606899261]
[0.003927205689251423]
[0.04976208508014679]
[0.0819433405995369]
[0.05428896099328995]
[0.005707461852580309]
[0.0030362368561327457]
[0.1171598806977272]
[0.0030606314539909363]
[0.049815792590379715]
[0.1568438857793808]
[0.001402702764607966]
[0.0498218908905983]
[0.04981255531311035]
[0.049792200326919556]
[0.0035711696837097406]
[0.11334790289402008]
[0.003146110102534294]
[0.04968205466866493]
[0.003284550504758954]
[0.04963183403015137]
[0.0093745281919837]
[0.18913400173187256]
[0.17326410114765167]
[0.0013769273646175861]
[0.012033483013510704]
[0.0015619619516655803]
[0.0022305864840745926]
[0.051675330847501755]
[0.17276571691036224]
[0.0040779560804367065]
[0.001204833621159196]
[0.135358065366745]
[0.0008320295601151884]
[0.05478893592953682]
[0.0010584036353975534]
[0.004052853677421808]
[0.003923306241631508]
[0.0016213394701480865]
[0.11517688632011414]
[0.2104819267988205]
[0.0016496533062309027]
[0.006799723487347364]
[0.0047941990196704865]
[0.00399247370660305]
[0.026984117925167084]
[0.0008104731678031385]
[0.14329524338245392]
[0.07342896610498428]
[0.004199889488518238]
[0.0012084768386557698]
[0.001202440937049687]
[0.0013445380609482527]
[0.1676393300294876]
[0.018787914887070656]
[0.018611842766404152]
[0.0031402045860886574]
[9.869900703430176]
[0.04148312658071518]
[0.04967447370290756]
[0.13535553216934204]
[0.030723875388503075]
[0.005145504605025053]
[0.11932481825351715]
[0.04345109313726425]
[0.22371700406074524]
[0.09746477007865906]
[0.0011232835240662098]
[0.001500106300227344]
[0.04993593320250511]
[0.049936987459659576]
[0.18633781373500824]
[0.004562770947813988]
[0.08414561301469803]
[0.08163642883300781]
[0.23464809358119965]
[0.00329295895062387]
[0.020801091566681862]
[0.004139305558055639]
[0.0014648002106696367]
[0.0011334330774843693]
[0.020055687054991722]
[0.002050504321232438]
[0.04195591062307358]
[0.0367412194609642]
[0.22975675761699677]
[0.38019734621047974]
[0.006457585841417313]
[0.026113921776413918]
[0.0013951833825558424]
[0.06272974610328674]
[0.017163224518299103]
[0.20967666804790497]
[0.019061926752328873]
[0.13377109169960022]
[0.04611699655652046]
[0.003562954952940345]
[0.07266798615455627]
[0.04430609196424484]
[0.02008391171693802]
[0.029667528346180916]
[0.153742715716362]
[0.002091068308800459]
[0.0027771014720201492]
[0.3760061264038086]
[0.001375592895783484]
[0.14114569127559662]
[0.0013594698393717408]
[0.0008529344922862947]
[0.0017876350320875645]
[0.0823589637875557]
[0.07259944826364517]
[0.0038872607983648777]
[0.01482060644775629]
[0.5062519311904907]
[0.0008406322449445724]
[0.0009369350736960769]
[1.2660530805587769]
[0.004490493331104517]
[0.06257041543722153]
[0.013510687276721]
[0.0014166079927235842]
[0.16327182948589325]
[0.0053246887400746346]
[0.0010567931458353996]
[0.06959713250398636]
[0.000936051772441715]
[0.08210303634405136]
[0.0043822769075632095]
[0.00879401434212923]
[0.21750231087207794]
[0.0730920359492302]
[0.0033044463489204645]
[0.008631039410829544]
[0.006603101268410683]
[0.0013545214897021651]
[0.004276867024600506]
[0.894511878490448]
[0.16593490540981293]
[0.050402216613292694]
[0.16790615022182465]
[0.0019518984481692314]
[0.03655378147959709]
[0.09936733543872833]
[0.05043173208832741]
[0.004544910043478012]
[0.13324052095413208]
[0.05042392387986183]
[0.001561970915645361]
[0.003911765292286873]
[0.050391875207424164]
[0.004129590466618538]
[0.004557277541607618]
[0.0034626564010977745]
[0.04201822355389595]
[0.05033399164676666]
[0.026368694379925728]
[0.1247580349445343]
[0.025608545169234276]
[0.006209181621670723]
[0.022146036848425865]
[0.0783143863081932]
[0.21991534531116486]
[0.294025719165802]
[0.019219355657696724]
[0.14147593080997467]
[0.14284747838974]
[0.014807437546551228]
[0.0013361372984945774]
[0.008817183785140514]
[0.004001265857368708]
[0.1443314105272293]
[0.003990655764937401]
[0.3100501000881195]
[0.01084805652499199]
[0.05026163533329964]
[0.4324028789997101]
[0.0056931269355118275]
[0.029320795089006424]
[0.011018279008567333]
[0.05024929344654083]
[0.0082966648042202]
[0.0031796726398169994]
[0.026972971856594086]
[0.006108369678258896]
[0.004483332391828299]
[0.004467535298317671]
[0.0033132729586213827]
[0.0012937219580635428]
[0.07395486533641815]
[0.0011380222858861089]
[0.006108295172452927]
[0.042769383639097214]
[0.029870683327317238]
[0.015515290200710297]
[0.00391448475420475]
[0.05028493329882622]
[0.0031849562656134367]
[0.031411703675985336]
[0.005861127283424139]
[0.08495809882879257]
[0.004604427143931389]
[0.001310372375883162]
[0.08230035752058029]
[0.08601141721010208]
[0.3445107340812683]
[0.006694227922707796]
[0.0011221771128475666]
[0.011857538484036922]
[0.05032222718000412]
[0.2953399419784546]
[0.050311338156461716]
[0.15194259583950043]
[0.0015411038184538484]
[0.013531366363167763]
[0.03737752139568329]
[0.07897994667291641]
[0.032620109617710114]
[0.011347856372594833]
[0.09330783784389496]
[0.004278329201042652]
[0.001003114040941]
[0.0011051360052078962]
[0.022403838112950325]
[0.00036948733031749725]
[0.0006831113714724779]
[0.019270524382591248]
[0.013304213061928749]
[0.05025554075837135]
[0.003708241507411003]
[0.17365099489688873]
[0.0214082058519125]
[0.004473523236811161]
[0.11103612929582596]
[0.0031162789091467857]
[0.006449222099035978]
[0.26445692777633667]
[0.004323028959333897]
[0.11471298336982727]
[0.6223227381706238]
[0.11578890681266785]
[0.042050328105688095]
[0.010592306964099407]
[0.005342490039765835]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.00187215197365731]
[0.0007807519286870956]
[0.10637563467025757]
[0.06612244993448257]
[0.0019545608665794134]
[0.1667521446943283]
[0.00462150014936924]
[0.007416825741529465]
[0.24032776057720184]
[0.0698985829949379]
[0.0011321030324324965]
[0.004268687218427658]
[0.003885789541527629]
[0.0011317093158140779]
[0.006293816026300192]
[0.0008910835022106767]
[0.0031891432590782642]
[0.0030226551461964846]
[0.0008392354939132929]
[0.004168379120528698]
[0.020945614203810692]
[0.03400386869907379]
[0.0008232405525632203]
[0.004556878004223108]
[0.05188826471567154]
[0.0011498529929667711]
[0.003639508970081806]
[0.083676278591156]
[0.05053149536252022]
[0.050533998757600784]
[0.04884696379303932]
[0.0013066251995041966]
[0.0024799800012260675]
[0.01348293200135231]
[0.30458003282546997]
[0.06551530212163925]
[0.1401972621679306]
[0.0008529025944881141]
[0.05410635098814964]
[0.04789836332201958]
[0.050884924829006195]
[0.23828285932540894]
[0.020737996324896812]
[0.0006205959361977875]
[0.011585390195250511]
[0.0012686516856774688]
[0.04241783544421196]
[0.034974463284015656]
[0.0005265189101919532]
[0.011040917597711086]
[0.35541489720344543]
[0.029668141156435013]
[0.010666094720363617]
[0.04090465232729912]
[0.03376280888915062]
[0.0006274291081354022]
[0.0011087279999628663]
[0.008876950480043888]
[0.005855877418071032]
[0.3564552068710327]
[0.004857969004660845]
[0.0846184715628624]
[0.0031454074196517467]
[0.0037340333219617605]
[0.26403045654296875]
[0.09052374958992004]
[0.003066322999075055]
[0.0021666870452463627]
[0.0023478695657104254]
[0.0015192392747849226]
[0.1503770500421524]
[0.0036228345707058907]
[0.00109309540130198]
[0.010646785609424114]
[0.16100937128067017]
[0.0008334560552611947]
[0.09221818298101425]
[0.003274264046922326]
[0.0021127890795469284]
[0.0364704355597496]
[0.0012450587237253785]
[0.021093688905239105]
[0.0003685344709083438]
[0.05078598111867905]
[0.05134110525250435]
[0.0012485077604651451]
[0.007413178216665983]
[0.03582782298326492]
[0.0007532967138104141]
[0.05078241229057312]
[0.00029390054987743497]
[0.00111347995698452]
[0.0008124755113385618]
[0.2558906078338623]
[0.013880109414458275]
[0.0010916644241660833]
[0.03459234535694122]
[0.052710823714733124]
[0.08166854828596115]
[0.0012349325697869062]
[0.01980108767747879]
[0.0010876016458496451]
[0.0003356098313815892]
[0.037192586809396744]
[0.09974250942468643]
[0.033735841512680054]
[0.001960286870598793]
[0.001341452938504517]
[0.07321011275053024]
[0.02420835569500923]
[0.08871293067932129]
[0.006610131822526455]
[0.00034216706990264356]
[0.018341761082410812]
[0.033327482640743256]
[0.0043058814480900764]
[0.002355707110837102]
[0.07301577180624008]
[0.003608600702136755]
[0.05078001320362091]
[0.13364467024803162]
[0.0027402511332184076]
[0.029871206730604172]
[0.031130921095609665]
[0.011537760496139526]
[0.35583046078681946]
[0.0003752931079361588]
[0.31578072905540466]
[0.0022928209509700537]
[0.13256794214248657]
[0.0007942257216200233]
[0.23489613831043243]
[0.0023831233847886324]
[0.011872835457324982]
[0.0006649332353845239]
[0.006934606935828924]
[0.0004302222514525056]
[0.0013765898765996099]
[0.00036884748260490596]
[0.08842574805021286]
[0.0012010406935587525]
[0.020740332081913948]
[0.011435410939157009]
[0.05077322572469711]
[0.030157022178173065]
[0.009950772859156132]
[0.20922783017158508]
[0.10553288459777832]
[0.002034719567745924]
[0.18771499395370483]
[0.0029158061370253563]
[0.000754444976337254]
[0.13978926837444305]
[0.25088220834732056]
[0.003117353655397892]
[0.023877697065472603]
[0.0038988806772977114]
[0.005166106391698122]
[0.1028776466846466]
[0.30820968747138977]
[0.01804450899362564]
[0.020848937332630157]
[0.012316858395934105]
[0.25227871537208557]
[0.05054521560668945]
[0.004036387428641319]
[0.037390805780887604]
[0.050460729748010635]
[0.0005354172899387777]
[0.03257051482796669]
[0.05036916211247444]
[0.026274627074599266]
[0.015576767735183239]
[0.10210970789194107]
[0.0022909962572157383]
[0.0005846359417773783]
[0.05021147429943085]
[0.07432080060243607]
[0.5823948979377747]
[0.013081055134534836]
[0.04755429923534393]
[0.0011761186178773642]
[0.001949743484146893]
[0.17009395360946655]
[0.08397260308265686]
[0.04664084315299988]
[0.001347001176327467]
[0.007794226985424757]
[0.19006381928920746]
[0.05012671649456024]
[0.10023041069507599]
[0.49260058999061584]
[0.0011908357264474034]
[0.2763195037841797]
[0.05009609833359718]
[0.23120082914829254]
[0.16653600335121155]
[0.08138138800859451]
[0.05004998296499252]
[0.2174721360206604]
[0.11808531731367111]
[0.6491901874542236]
[0.05973857268691063]
[0.003203497501090169]
[0.0004934812895953655]
[0.001509338733740151]
[0.008185908198356628]
[0.04996155574917793]
[0.001206848188303411]
[0.09380169957876205]
[0.14581212401390076]
[0.0007574551273137331]
[0.0008037994266487658]
[0.0019357990240678191]
[0.017017191275954247]
[0.049885835498571396]
[0.049870025366544724]
[0.0813489705324173]
[0.0018943946342915297]
[0.017001274973154068]
[0.0019410926615819335]
[0.0022187186405062675]
[0.018783144652843475]
[0.09959980100393295]
[0.001368997385725379]
[0.005378326866775751]
[0.04974757134914398]
[0.001368983183056116]
[0.0017126626335084438]
[0.2660088837146759]
[0.01818460412323475]
[0.001200190745294094]
[0.0016562269302085042]
[0.002253924962133169]
[0.001958082662895322]
[0.00046349785407073796]
[0.0037148850969970226]
[0.43186652660369873]
[0.08965886384248734]
[0.028253912925720215]
[0.05597277730703354]
[0.03251369297504425]
[0.0011995970271527767]
[0.003931282553821802]
[0.0014253177214413881]
[0.0018881213618442416]
[0.08123975992202759]
[0.0019411129178479314]
[0.053405869752168655]
[0.009221802465617657]
[0.003172879805788398]
[0.049626484513282776]
[0.00817833561450243]
[0.0005025106947869062]
[0.007586458697915077]
[0.035937365144491196]
[0.0008391466690227389]
[0.0013724233722314239]
[0.0009422139264643192]
[0.001991039142012596]
[0.010431008413434029]
[0.04959903657436371]
[0.0007904656231403351]
[0.0035655731335282326]
[0.4798096716403961]
[0.005944728385657072]
[0.17415481805801392]
[0.031177356839179993]
[0.001402713474817574]
[0.0015418939292430878]
[0.02407766506075859]
[0.008181946352124214]
[0.0702328085899353]
[0.01570236124098301]
[0.1786956936120987]
[0.16208389401435852]
[0.006086638662964106]
[0.003187451744452119]
[0.03624469041824341]
[0.0004972917377017438]
[0.0004936495679430664]
[0.005061667412519455]
[0.009195588529109955]
[0.04932708293199539]
[0.03539210185408592]
[0.02084912732243538]
[0.4173394739627838]
[0.021998416632413864]
[0.009426130913197994]
[0.02707749605178833]
[0.06539465487003326]
[0.01087482925504446]
[0.025121722370386124]
[0.0007768122013658285]
[0.0011955826776102185]
[0.04196596145629883]
[0.049361471086740494]
[0.0021838645916432142]
[0.0493498332798481]
[0.11444666236639023]
[0.049301646649837494]
[0.0019062341889366508]
[0.04922528192400932]
[0.004253147169947624]
[0.0025312411598861217]
[0.04911188781261444]
[0.006533094681799412]
[0.044920023530721664]
[0.023846618831157684]
[0.015007481910288334]
[0.006857854314148426]
[0.010437245480716228]
[0.009009051136672497]
[0.009920920245349407]
[0.012938079424202442]
[0.0010936410399153829]
[0.0007445683586411178]
[0.002171923406422138]
[0.03965272754430771]
[0.07323791831731796]
[0.04888247326016426]
[0.08688562363386154]
[0.009818467311561108]
[0.0035941791720688343]
[0.175434410572052]
[0.04884152114391327]
[0.43299952149391174]
[0.002646369393914938]
[0.022916680201888084]
[0.14973917603492737]
[0.0009483133908361197]
[0.0005272873095236719]
[0.006007599178701639]
[0.027666829526424408]
[0.0004348271759226918]
[0.0005632961401715875]
[0.0005353442393243313]
[0.4369814693927765]
[0.026973189786076546]
[0.15427473187446594]
[0.048795830458402634]
[0.0006067523499950767]
[0.5114023685455322]
[0.0014132295036688447]
[0.1616261899471283]
[0.0003961939364671707]
[0.002021083142608404]
[0.00037311945925466716]
[0.01515138242393732]
[0.07036122679710388]
[0.00043586318497546017]
[0.002521203365176916]
[0.03976638242602348]
[0.02581915631890297]
[0.0004486844700295478]
[0.0020281532779335976]
[0.027040457352995872]
[0.0006672494928352535]
[0.38904255628585815]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0023097703233361244]
[0.07944045215845108]
[0.029859604313969612]
[0.015232272446155548]
[0.0012139745522290468]
[0.02683756873011589]
[0.16885969042778015]
[0.04878170043230057]
[0.0029825856909155846]
[0.002715298207476735]
[0.07611318677663803]
[0.08735959976911545]
[0.001194172422401607]
[0.0008525974117219448]
[0.0011860376689583063]
[0.048751384019851685]
[0.41907674074172974]
[0.0015669112326577306]
[0.003059607930481434]
[0.04873374477028847]
[0.3119199872016907]
[0.018560953438282013]
[0.0006980071775615215]
[0.009033991023898125]
[0.0031081216875463724]
[0.0013353506801649928]
[0.0012005990138277411]
[0.021887019276618958]
[0.009103388525545597]
[0.048128291964530945]
[0.003412497229874134]
[0.01658937893807888]
[0.0015802148263901472]
[0.0009385671000927687]
[0.0004700141435023397]
[0.0061995238065719604]
[0.12221386283636093]
[0.09698843955993652]
[0.0004804153286386281]
[0.0959601104259491]
[0.011759337969124317]
[0.00996495597064495]
[0.017931997776031494]
[0.002618139609694481]
[0.0003672015736810863]
[0.0018613237189128995]
[0.2595432698726654]
[0.055658046156167984]
[0.35049140453338623]
[0.07275870442390442]
[0.06270855665206909]
[0.48783957958221436]
[0.015196148306131363]
[0.06151965260505676]
[0.0031796381808817387]
[0.04856841266155243]
[0.07398947328329086]
[0.038620322942733765]
[0.01960679143667221]
[0.0021024798043072224]
[0.08227631449699402]
[0.5793953537940979]
[0.0243309885263443]
[0.1596812903881073]
[0.004470187239348888]
[0.06425278633832932]
[0.022057436406612396]
[0.010992605239152908]
[0.010909687727689743]
[0.006388173904269934]
[0.03813405707478523]
[0.06952767074108124]
[0.055665597319602966]
[0.005334401037544012]
[0.0512884221971035]
[0.06681347638368607]
[0.0553140752017498]
[0.0011305836960673332]
[0.3901476562023163]
[0.005915762856602669]
[0.07890516519546509]
[0.0012528389925137162]
[0.004157331772148609]
[0.0018158595776185393]
[0.048709437251091]
[0.4693046510219574]
[0.04586733877658844]
[0.17565476894378662]
[0.12279179692268372]
[0.009477454237639904]
[0.0010062260553240776]
[0.032006703317165375]
[0.031928300857543945]
[0.013426265679299831]
[0.025945937260985374]
[0.04866844043135643]
[0.0014532521599903703]
[0.08203203231096268]
[0.5412824153900146]
[0.10057356208562851]
[0.048610787838697433]
[0.09161117672920227]
[0.23559392988681793]
[0.1462007761001587]
[0.0012312165927141905]
[0.18660205602645874]
[0.0007874734001234174]
[0.0007817184668965638]
[0.254800021648407]
[0.08193665742874146]
[0.20474141836166382]
[0.39575424790382385]
[0.0032014718744903803]
[0.15105341374874115]
[0.013164710253477097]
[0.0023744581267237663]
[0.06952964514493942]
[0.3585546612739563]
[0.019637949764728546]
[0.03512377291917801]
[0.16555282473564148]
[0.04831035062670708]
[0.022977584972977638]
[0.04131394252181053]
[0.014157852157950401]
[0.0003747706941794604]
[0.05397015064954758]
[0.007729338947683573]
[0.0015296285273507237]
[0.0006578781176358461]
[0.04822234809398651]
[0.2895185053348541]
[0.030269460752606392]
[0.08167096972465515]
[0.0011140569113194942]
[0.05740957334637642]
[0.08534340560436249]
[0.030772659927606583]
[0.15774668753147125]
[0.0005846068379469216]
[0.02851385436952114]
[0.006145149003714323]
[0.01225779578089714]
[0.0066477954387664795]
[0.000336036755470559]
[0.1341288536787033]
[0.0006351723568513989]
[0.009869549423456192]
[0.0008086326997727156]
[0.028798656538128853]
[0.0005021549295634031]
[0.1655854433774948]
[0.0008564790477976203]
[0.06431139260530472]
[0.026092009618878365]
[0.004030452575534582]
[0.022501446306705475]
[0.18018417060375214]
[0.002734621986746788]
[0.0022671204060316086]
[0.022881047800183296]
[0.04119027778506279]
[0.0004739939176943153]
[0.031183965504169464]
[0.00038489580038003623]
[0.01694006472826004]
[0.00300765223801136]
[0.07296627014875412]
[0.0006963879568502307]
[0.014693086966872215]
[0.04087776318192482]
[0.048245832324028015]
[0.052529919892549515]
[0.05310947820544243]
[0.015995526686310768]
[0.04120444878935814]
[0.12841647863388062]
[0.00035446378751657903]
[0.021320397034287453]
[0.21721497178077698]
[0.15846534073352814]
[0.002240977482870221]
[0.04820052161812782]
[0.0006389066693373024]
[0.0023007607087492943]
[0.04824289306998253]
[0.0021461364813148975]
[0.000480332993902266]
[0.10469933599233627]
[0.048156701028347015]
[0.04814561456441879]
[0.18607597053050995]
[0.07264028489589691]
[0.08392489701509476]
[0.0020492898765951395]
[0.11271626502275467]
[0.6887645721435547]
[0.0025976067408919334]
[0.09054866433143616]
[0.01831052266061306]
[0.5955288410186768]
[0.021039342507719994]
[0.08896688371896744]
[0.002339515835046768]
[0.000415140762925148]
[0.002369486726820469]
[0.02612333372235298]
[0.000474668137030676]
[0.22414138913154602]
[0.05741499364376068]
[0.13801324367523193]
[0.006089574657380581]
[0.3009985089302063]
[0.029488341882824898]
[0.004595457576215267]
[0.0005407182034105062]
[0.007756378035992384]
[0.002444060519337654]
[0.007319271564483643]
[0.023288529366254807]
[0.0022019820753484964]
[0.0006162937497720122]
[0.18822674453258514]
[0.028092160820961]
[0.19041863083839417]
[0.003189500654116273]
[0.027928920462727547]
[0.0020091093610972166]
[0.0025965634267777205]
[0.002949872985482216]
[0.000734725093934685]
[0.0033102117013186216]
[0.030883271247148514]
[0.26899999380111694]
[0.055263951420784]
[0.00034811164368875325]
[0.0008060875697992742]
[0.0003911331295967102]
[0.0014136997051537037]
[1.1449975967407227]
[0.009408571757376194]
[0.04801749810576439]
[0.21715104579925537]
[0.025097183883190155]
[0.029093647375702858]
[0.023752858862280846]
[0.010764973238110542]
[0.06688498705625534]
[0.0029720261227339506]
[0.09898944944143295]
[0.023416725918650627]
[0.02496933750808239]
[0.022251324728131294]
[0.4663148522377014]
[0.0478973388671875]
[0.02202918753027916]
[0.11462797969579697]
[0.0012257600901648402]
[0.0014111920027062297]
[0.0017183281015604734]
[0.004005500581115484]
[0.18378311395645142]
[0.031910382211208344]
[0.04784827679395676]
[0.032112423330545425]
[0.0008089542970992625]
[0.004177411086857319]
[0.04893215745687485]
[0.006782840006053448]
[0.15896639227867126]
[0.11971726268529892]
[0.0032019501086324453]
[0.004425908904522657]
[0.002218223875388503]
[0.001431741751730442]
[0.014676976017653942]
[0.004533995408564806]
[0.04778992757201195]
[0.0017382283695042133]
[0.09455329924821854]
[0.13702282309532166]
[0.0021978714503347874]
[0.005663746036589146]
[0.43332546949386597]
[0.06357081234455109]
[0.5031552314758301]
[0.00316232955083251]
[0.0028530105482786894]
[0.1685158610343933]
[0.08118376135826111]
[0.28394103050231934]
[0.1642114669084549]
[0.02853327803313732]
[0.0836927518248558]
[0.40035638213157654]
[0.11550396680831909]
[0.0014172239461913705]
[0.013868161477148533]
[0.24909555912017822]
[0.022640014067292213]
[0.004010495264083147]
[0.013485392555594444]
[0.026340072974562645]
[0.01680123619735241]
[0.08330849558115005]
[0.12811508774757385]
[0.08410221338272095]
[0.126342311501503]
[0.04795345291495323]
[0.02171272225677967]
[0.009106670506298542]
[0.009158853441476822]
[0.020205439999699593]
[0.09871646016836166]
[0.01018296554684639]
[0.0014235262060537934]
[0.0014079789398238063]
[0.0014451411552727222]
[0.142004132270813]
[0.002611593110486865]
[0.0017116706585511565]
[0.006449848413467407]
[0.003915979061275721]
[0.004920731298625469]
[0.1683342605829239]
[0.0021316958591341972]
[0.0017154417000710964]
[0.003413023892790079]
[0.009321960620582104]
[0.041362036019563675]
[0.35986292362213135]
[0.04799973592162132]
[0.04799357429146767]
[0.004511102102696896]
[0.003831396112218499]
[0.04795507341623306]
[0.0059852879494428635]
[0.07326032966375351]
[0.04405690357089043]
[0.02934371680021286]
[0.03779158741235733]
[0.2172364741563797]
[0.0021508345380425453]
[0.001728359260596335]
[0.011924500577151775]
[0.26149943470954895]
[0.00558443320915103]
[0.047830529510974884]
[0.38624686002731323]
[0.07861494272947311]
[0.13381493091583252]
[0.006760705262422562]
[0.052832089364528656]
[0.3214438259601593]
[0.002937927609309554]
[0.0030853250063955784]
[0.04778265580534935]
[0.0012842018622905016]
[0.003596371039748192]
[0.002637986559420824]
[0.22132302820682526]
[0.02455775998532772]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0037055194843560457]
[0.009809362702071667]
[0.0014501955593004823]
[0.13859975337982178]
[0.12764565646648407]
[0.11143676936626434]
[0.0030394867062568665]
[0.007649651262909174]
[0.047750115394592285]
[0.00125662493519485]
[0.003430955344811082]
[0.04034769535064697]
[0.004326933994889259]
[0.0014554350636899471]
[0.001262711244635284]
[0.003315525595098734]
[0.2624794542789459]
[0.09197426587343216]
[0.047720443457365036]
[0.034051790833473206]
[0.47609519958496094]
[0.0022919652983546257]
[0.0008364077657461166]
[0.0014424334513023496]
[0.17540688812732697]
[0.02209085039794445]
[0.15314015746116638]
[0.04767973721027374]
[0.047659385949373245]
[0.0012420141138136387]
[0.001036119181662798]
[0.04758182913064957]
[0.3772566318511963]
[0.0017904267879202962]
[0.05191027745604515]
[0.008850929327309132]
[0.012449291534721851]
[0.003220642451196909]
[0.0032467576675117016]
[0.0006187563412822783]
[0.000627546978648752]
[0.032478976994752884]
[0.053128551691770554]
[0.04740681126713753]
[0.3891030550003052]
[0.04071032628417015]
[0.02768835984170437]
[0.014972932636737823]
[0.002220981754362583]
[0.03310774639248848]
[0.006064202170819044]
[0.04722107946872711]
[0.021714603528380394]
[0.17170138657093048]
[0.0004138825461268425]
[0.004422771744430065]
[0.09468872100114822]
[0.0022630253806710243]
[0.001144972862675786]
[0.01395657192915678]
[0.022326327860355377]
[0.0010251731146126986]
[0.0004115222836844623]
[0.0012728609144687653]
[0.08297974616289139]
[0.0029386556707322598]
[0.05307167395949364]
[0.39941245317459106]
[0.11110077053308487]
[0.00036091142101213336]
[0.031209580600261688]
[0.000324121123412624]
[0.30470511317253113]
[0.10998839139938354]
[0.12868265807628632]
[0.3879031836986542]
[0.0008230410749092698]
[0.0029575645457953215]
[0.0012210075510665774]
[0.0472768172621727]
[0.0004326050984673202]
[0.02130376361310482]
[0.036202993243932724]
[0.02478882111608982]
[0.005055628251284361]
[0.027316689491271973]
[0.002215558895841241]
[0.001550841610878706]
[0.009495262987911701]
[0.07934288680553436]
[0.007312439847737551]
[0.000636457116343081]
[0.035800497978925705]
[0.012063111178576946]
[0.10863815248012543]
[0.350744366645813]
[0.040023818612098694]
[0.019422588869929314]
[0.014235868118703365]
[0.40112781524658203]
[0.00043935191933996975]
[0.017223266884684563]
[0.0029540122486650944]
[0.11944659054279327]
[0.011911638081073761]
[0.047479696571826935]
[0.05973987281322479]
[0.0010550174629315734]
[0.12297031283378601]
[0.03140456601977348]
[0.04748134687542915]
[0.002958678873255849]
[0.7806638479232788]
[0.005191181320697069]
[0.047462210059165955]
[0.21650587022304535]
[0.04683925211429596]
[0.0006422012811526656]
[0.017954222857952118]
[0.011186792515218258]
[0.0038146195001900196]
[0.01728055067360401]
[0.0037318854592740536]
[0.10393303632736206]
[0.0005704822251573205]
[0.02872505597770214]
[0.0028410109225660563]
[0.04744391888380051]
[0.10986196249723434]
[0.006184016354382038]
[0.07293669879436493]
[0.005009888205677271]
[0.2099982649087906]
[0.0005454794736579061]
[0.0005012422916479409]
[0.042832206934690475]
[0.007515289355069399]
[0.0006848961929790676]
[0.04737577587366104]
[0.009083961136639118]
[0.0006671769660897553]
[0.019391315057873726]
[0.0008034874335862696]
[0.1875494122505188]
[0.04727472737431526]
[0.008517447859048843]
[0.0828847587108612]
[0.001388757722452283]
[0.04714734107255936]
[0.039548665285110474]
[0.019539853557944298]
[0.003415471874177456]
[0.04702731966972351]
[0.23388665914535522]
[0.020129632204771042]
[0.004470969550311565]
[0.0469311960041523]
[0.0031302692368626595]
[0.01700589247047901]
[0.0015000210842117667]
[0.04684551805257797]
[0.03317951038479805]
[0.0038163852877914906]
[0.09890685975551605]
[0.02853371389210224]
[0.08288096636533737]
[0.04676085337996483]
[0.008698465302586555]
[0.003408871591091156]
[0.1471322625875473]
[0.31361857056617737]
[0.007529417984187603]
[0.0013972277520224452]
[0.05850553512573242]
[0.0034996431786566973]
[0.0013950361171737313]
[0.08235710114240646]
[0.015345552004873753]
[0.005707751028239727]
[0.007913392037153244]
[0.1696140170097351]
[0.05477788299322128]
[0.17935168743133545]
[0.0012745535932481289]
[0.31552886962890625]
[0.08167865127325058]
[0.04678884148597717]
[0.0034084159415215254]
[0.0014536932576447725]
[0.004848656710237265]
[0.04680753871798515]
[0.003157492959871888]
[0.036579281091690063]
[0.16875912249088287]
[0.14684569835662842]
[0.2710898518562317]
[0.04679331183433533]
[0.0033834632486104965]
[0.008009734563529491]
[0.018288424238562584]
[0.004053914919495583]
[0.032913219183683395]
[0.004807759076356888]
[0.08057189732789993]
[0.03173625096678734]
[0.02849261276423931]
[0.019582252949476242]
[0.001364201307296753]
[0.0821380689740181]
[0.0029579687397927046]
[0.08914241194725037]
[0.001064483541995287]
[0.040174078196287155]
[0.0032841202337294817]
[0.007012347690761089]
[0.0028044595383107662]
[0.07387259602546692]
[0.3069320619106293]
[0.003240067046135664]
[0.0010274708038195968]
[0.003198975697159767]
[0.0016976466868072748]
[0.0030758739449083805]
[0.02795988880097866]
[0.0008526926394551992]
[0.001147424103692174]
[0.13808654248714447]
[0.0011555900564417243]
[0.023076441138982773]
[0.0011541281128302217]
[0.00912078469991684]
[0.002714734058827162]
[0.003958726301789284]
[0.031830795109272]
[0.03061649762094021]
[0.0011380428913980722]
[0.004354278557002544]
[0.0005623140605166554]
[0.010482005774974823]
[0.03386876732110977]
[0.07165814191102982]
[0.02753130905330181]
[0.0006364687578752637]
[0.006298096384853125]
[0.0048747556284070015]
[0.07555095851421356]
[0.000674885930493474]
[0.07683269679546356]
[0.002616883721202612]
[0.08187281340360641]
[0.00048796841292642057]
[0.0037274854257702827]
[0.002016940386965871]
[0.006381992716342211]
[0.028065407648682594]
[0.09953634440898895]
[0.14300209283828735]
[0.0010288278572261333]
[0.0007304740720428526]
[0.047360844910144806]
[0.41985902190208435]
[0.08256785571575165]
[0.4227544367313385]
[0.04736023768782616]
[0.0005245792563073337]
[0.01412428729236126]
[0.14451071619987488]
[0.047338150441646576]
[0.05151871591806412]
[0.002949843415990472]
[0.0026881450321525335]
[0.05606262385845184]
[0.04104253649711609]
[0.17888715863227844]
[0.01315282192081213]
[0.4493950605392456]
[0.5207083225250244]
[0.002142063807696104]
[0.019249705597758293]
[0.0009074594127014279]
[0.025104012340307236]
[0.024973103776574135]
[0.0006216585752554238]
[0.6278830766677856]
[0.002436823910102248]
[0.016606170684099197]
[0.0024799942038953304]
[0.08595485985279083]
[0.030952349305152893]
[0.14924441277980804]
[0.04717511311173439]
[0.13317716121673584]
[0.028097372502088547]
[0.42104846239089966]
[0.0006196912727318704]
[0.009414511732757092]
[0.039732370525598526]
[0.04713169485330582]
[0.33930346369743347]
[0.001192451803945005]
[0.08145679533481598]
[0.029925556853413582]
[0.08140883594751358]
[0.04711239039897919]
[0.047105930745601654]
[0.10357269644737244]
[0.29556891322135925]
[0.0011968939797952771]
[0.0011220539454370737]
[0.002326041692867875]
[0.0007218566606752574]
[0.19682081043720245]
[0.05061066150665283]
[0.030060548335313797]
[0.2555656135082245]
[0.04804855212569237]
[0.0010945667745545506]
[0.008847501128911972]
[0.0006918843137100339]
[0.0006863900343887508]
[0.2109536975622177]
[0.0006053786491975188]
[0.04509948194026947]
[0.36971843242645264]
[0.030645117163658142]
[0.032289791852235794]
[0.3402516841888428]
[0.005088405683636665]
[0.0005843089311383665]
[0.04928917437791824]
[0.0024921579752117395]
[0.023559773340821266]
[0.1295357197523117]
[0.04518402740359306]
[0.0008030839380808175]
[0.0007561006350442767]
[0.03538088873028755]
[0.21744783222675323]
[0.2198031097650528]
[0.0004935499164275825]
[0.013194285333156586]
[0.047220293432474136]
[0.034701671451330185]
[0.3222625255584717]
[0.05530048534274101]
[0.02818259410560131]
[0.004961464554071426]
[0.2773360013961792]
[0.005300924647599459]
[0.0021239176858216524]
[0.07126592099666595]
[0.07314670830965042]
[0.29733332991600037]
[0.012761587277054787]
[0.0005036277580074966]
[0.0006724377744831145]
[0.34520354866981506]
[0.12074759602546692]
[0.00048489871551282704]
[0.007904970087110996]
[0.08429604768753052]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.012767713516950607]
[0.00348596996627748]
[0.0011553562944754958]
[0.0026361332274973392]
[0.0021896599791944027]
[0.047325070947408676]
[0.04732020944356918]
[0.0027217057067900896]
[0.0003669128054752946]
[0.0021546969655901194]
[0.0003485485212877393]
[0.05666034296154976]
[0.08259780704975128]
[0.015007867477834225]
[0.007823514752089977]
[0.00032418876071460545]
[0.001133096870034933]
[0.0024863106664270163]
[0.01464841142296791]
[0.0009447447955608368]
[0.002130320994183421]
[0.0007181677501648664]
[0.006266689859330654]
[0.00835452601313591]
[0.0331151969730854]
[0.3584127724170685]
[0.0009730071760714054]
[0.000527209835126996]
[0.011645810678601265]
[0.04832734540104866]
[0.0255009476095438]
[0.38372620940208435]
[0.10570450127124786]
[0.04719245806336403]
[0.005949452053755522]
[0.0076825059950351715]
[0.2847763001918793]
[0.4130321741104126]
[0.04707786440849304]
[0.023664798587560654]
[0.00437670573592186]
[0.001363491523079574]
[0.06854383647441864]
[0.34392693638801575]
[0.0011040216777473688]
[0.08657798916101456]
[0.006257510278373957]
[0.01896190084517002]
[0.05600443854928017]
[0.009809864684939384]
[0.08114606887102127]
[0.016403481364250183]
[0.007032210938632488]
[0.0022329678758978844]
[0.002990637207403779]
[0.0036242282949388027]
[0.04685044288635254]
[0.046846240758895874]
[0.2034771889448166]
[0.08565360307693481]
[0.15513107180595398]
[0.03995000571012497]
[0.000949758687056601]
[0.0005346629768610001]
[0.1109638437628746]
[0.09136258065700531]
[0.003215705743059516]
[0.2976086437702179]
[0.046831101179122925]
[0.02395883947610855]
[0.004339432343840599]
[0.37611693143844604]
[0.08308509737253189]
[0.035016369074583054]
[0.005242868792265654]
[0.0345824658870697]
[0.10901781171560287]
[0.16932417452335358]
[0.14048552513122559]
[0.01931149885058403]
[0.023840375244617462]
[0.0031631735619157553]
[0.0057372283190488815]
[0.0013434666907414794]
[0.04281574860215187]
[0.007352758198976517]
[0.0010354991536587477]
[0.011332681402564049]
[0.12118789553642273]
[0.0009770439937710762]
[0.002031654352322221]
[0.07319357991218567]
[0.16786052286624908]
[0.18934081494808197]
[0.021679820492863655]
[0.0013364049373194575]
[0.08496451377868652]
[0.08171037584543228]
[0.10294853150844574]
[0.014514011330902576]
[0.22151175141334534]
[0.026710325852036476]
[0.09251266717910767]
[0.16104747354984283]
[0.14939506351947784]
[0.005044243298470974]
[0.02003609947860241]
[0.10322954505681992]
[0.020328020676970482]
[0.0026361302006989717]
[0.0017812743317335844]
[0.001499343547038734]
[0.005677919369190931]
[0.0007139088702388108]
[0.0021993648260831833]
[0.02384115383028984]
[0.0012814711080864072]
[0.005347758997231722]
[0.0020484887063503265]
[0.08607697486877441]
[0.002005752408877015]
[0.009398221969604492]
[0.0006551223923452199]
[0.10913188010454178]
[0.011992381885647774]
[0.004182816948741674]
[0.016094090417027473]
[0.0011149115161970258]
[0.0182979516685009]
[0.002259637927636504]
[0.13048022985458374]
[0.0006805810262449086]
[0.000990266795270145]
[0.009119485504925251]
[0.0009782093111425638]
[0.00129830208607018]
[0.002273540012538433]
[0.020261242985725403]
[0.0007748565985821187]
[0.0012821905547752976]
[0.03733062371611595]
[0.0030182693153619766]
[0.000926571839954704]
[0.8586623668670654]
[0.0010314149549230933]
[0.0028937074821442366]
[0.01842079497873783]
[0.02311387099325657]
[0.0006141853518784046]
[0.12461856007575989]
[0.0026336272712796926]
[0.002466080477461219]
[0.002794233150780201]
[0.021953478455543518]
[0.0021355149801820517]
[0.17696689069271088]
[0.1043178141117096]
[0.0014078948879614472]
[0.0808219313621521]
[0.003500784747302532]
[0.03580818697810173]
[0.09157820045948029]
[0.1345672458410263]
[0.0024233509320765734]
[0.0009389615152031183]
[0.08015291392803192]
[0.015086068771779537]
[1.5293877124786377]
[0.08286859840154648]
[0.04473439231514931]
[0.0281551331281662]
[0.03105120174586773]
[0.002398790093138814]
[0.0015529085649177432]
[0.24340105056762695]
[0.002468612277880311]
[0.0012897088890895247]
[0.0012856089742854238]
[0.012870537117123604]
[0.11077038943767548]
[0.037965599447488785]
[0.49954771995544434]
[0.2815667986869812]
[0.08089687675237656]
[0.010747655294835567]
[0.0008156452095136046]
[0.48770150542259216]
[0.031003838405013084]
[0.0009144892683252692]
[0.15672394633293152]
[0.004449153319001198]
[0.0007821496692486107]
[0.0011137909023091197]
[0.07320954650640488]
[0.14269864559173584]
[0.00424977857619524]
[0.0012785050785169005]
[0.0025328821502625942]
[0.003094312036409974]
[0.14555223286151886]
[0.002055751159787178]
[0.0008048834861256182]
[0.0011276081204414368]
[0.08321434259414673]
[0.04806903749704361]
[0.0028692481573671103]
[0.0795774906873703]
[0.03530732914805412]
[0.2568640112876892]
[0.000697024748660624]
[0.012247318401932716]
[0.2683347761631012]
[0.23436184227466583]
[0.6949725151062012]
[0.042902711778879166]
[0.00428331783041358]
[0.0012926607159897685]
[0.058781947940588]
[0.08582061529159546]
[0.04817818105220795]
[0.0012755751376971602]
[0.0007771312375552952]
[0.09755849838256836]
[0.08271115273237228]
[0.002940685488283634]
[0.0012698849895969033]
[0.0024352679029107094]
[0.015701670199632645]
[0.0900324359536171]
[0.011273698881268501]
[0.03414753079414368]
[0.001056276960298419]
[0.0020036017522215843]
[0.024403583258390427]
[0.5200672745704651]
[0.0009865008760243654]
[0.018982497975230217]
[0.04829604923725128]
[0.0031165790278464556]
[0.1995335966348648]
[0.25678738951683044]
[0.035863958299160004]
[0.005444439593702555]
[0.04828387126326561]
[0.027932805940508842]
[0.0012682538945227861]
[0.028313826769590378]
[0.006067940499633551]
[0.002105999505147338]
[0.0021059908904135227]
[0.0032679543364793062]
[0.08683077991008759]
[0.0017800588393583894]
[0.000625495333224535]
[0.04821690544486046]
[0.017819594591856003]
[0.0034253562334924936]
[0.19877584278583527]
[0.0019133385503664613]
[0.0018841357668861747]
[0.022867323830723763]
[0.048083070665597916]
[0.0020452665630728006]
[0.08097883313894272]
[0.0789734348654747]
[0.010698731057345867]
[0.07921399921178818]
[0.03230821341276169]
[0.003818702884018421]
[0.010553448460996151]
[0.015442388132214546]
[0.05592277646064758]
[0.07908941060304642]
[0.007782766129821539]
[0.34892037510871887]
[0.001662231283262372]
[0.23451708257198334]
[0.0013946543913334608]
[0.15214380621910095]
[0.0041418178007006645]
[0.053290363401174545]
[0.0036764470860362053]
[0.048028893768787384]
[0.001003234414383769]
[0.0035348525270819664]
[0.003106555435806513]
[0.0016656540101394057]
[0.04804641753435135]
[0.4536004960536957]
[0.008526545949280262]
[0.15512551367282867]
[0.0049407887272536755]
[0.04803617298603058]
[0.07586745172739029]
[0.0013753488892689347]
[0.024589691311120987]
[0.724856436252594]
[0.48319560289382935]
[0.007201718166470528]
[0.03631925955414772]
[0.0016125382389873266]
[0.04304712265729904]
[0.04800128564238548]
[0.0999651849269867]
[0.0008296187734231353]
[0.21849225461483002]
[0.12737593054771423]
[0.0020996329840272665]
[0.004063412081450224]
[0.051845427602529526]
[0.07403228431940079]
[0.0724039152264595]
[0.047998856753110886]
[0.007450249046087265]
[0.0038163906428962946]
[0.04798780009150505]
[0.41534119844436646]
[0.0007570748566649854]
[0.03166402876377106]
[0.015223691239953041]
[0.07291221618652344]
[0.0016637222142890096]
[0.06455153226852417]
[0.17734535038471222]
[0.002792510436847806]
[0.18088418245315552]
[0.0014825578546151519]
[0.988227367401123]
[0.0030641192570328712]
[0.011572667397558689]
[0.0012380692642182112]
[0.02498488873243332]
[0.002509827958419919]
[0.24467241764068604]
[0.0790674239397049]
[0.3593694567680359]
[0.07933075726032257]
[0.016861282289028168]
[0.04802076891064644]
[0.70594322681427]
[0.0824592337012291]
[0.21125641465187073]
[0.07257052510976791]
[0.0011565592139959335]
[0.0037705153226852417]
[0.005176197737455368]
[0.048996396362781525]
[0.0024874203372746706]
[0.04942597076296806]
[0.001416382030583918]
[0.0013983841054141521]
[0.04800695925951004]
[0.002282318426296115]
[0.05969615280628204]
[0.10975092649459839]
[0.1582013964653015]
[0.03862881287932396]
[0.0011656309943646193]
[0.0022320784628391266]
[0.06220877170562744]
[0.14280134439468384]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.22146928310394287]
[0.055195972323417664]
[0.1012185662984848]
[0.24165651202201843]
[0.0064873360097408295]
[0.0010271609062328935]
[0.001393111189827323]
[0.16728095710277557]
[0.09391539543867111]
[0.0008294519502669573]
[0.07885827869176865]
[0.07334140688180923]
[0.048008326441049576]
[0.1297571212053299]
[0.0012494518887251616]
[0.0014315657317638397]
[0.03556641936302185]
[0.0738971158862114]
[0.0014476090436801314]
[0.0037639769725501537]
[0.5137758255004883]
[0.20024599134922028]
[0.024378249421715736]
[0.031449757516384125]
[0.0008492334745824337]
[0.0010758527787402272]
[0.023751700296998024]
[0.11961350589990616]
[0.01997964456677437]
[0.04782741516828537]
[0.24616862833499908]
[0.0012230592546984553]
[0.048133838921785355]
[0.03928797319531441]
[0.03794410079717636]
[0.02746313251554966]
[0.018062211573123932]
[0.008710023015737534]
[0.0358581580221653]
[0.006800273433327675]
[0.16225017607212067]
[0.13029001653194427]
[0.0906740352511406]
[0.029979432001709938]
[0.0016511795111000538]
[0.008496248163282871]
[0.2993258237838745]
[0.17105704545974731]
[0.04810148850083351]
[0.15599313378334045]
[0.08215637505054474]
[0.0009406573371961713]
[0.015842201188206673]
[0.04809219390153885]
[0.007476517930626869]
[0.41268789768218994]
[0.002046409761533141]
[0.0014162565348669887]
[0.04351343214511871]
[0.002138169016689062]
[0.013796406798064709]
[0.009016572497785091]
[0.0026032777968794107]
[0.04269186034798622]
[0.05126650258898735]
[0.03312643989920616]
[0.29624003171920776]
[0.0007478068582713604]
[0.026501109823584557]
[0.023804757744073868]
[0.1428166925907135]
[0.06747495383024216]
[0.1383255422115326]
[0.07927156239748001]
[0.09946193546056747]
[0.0019769687205553055]
[0.0030776497442275286]
[0.04815787822008133]
[0.007842844352126122]
[0.014406486414372921]
[0.005091888830065727]
[0.009620938450098038]
[0.002349796239286661]
[0.16754202544689178]
[0.0005388031713664532]
[0.002806105650961399]
[0.0012478114804252982]
[0.04819352552294731]
[0.01207240205258131]
[0.0014028768055140972]
[0.008613936603069305]
[0.00140772748272866]
[0.0032587628811597824]
[0.0085816141217947]
[0.0036425674334168434]
[0.0023525552824139595]
[0.0014505380531772971]
[0.0017150252824649215]
[0.313361257314682]
[0.08186850696802139]
[0.006203542463481426]
[0.17869262397289276]
[0.0008945015724748373]
[0.14678554236888885]
[0.0013146321289241314]
[0.003909269347786903]
[0.015716727823019028]
[0.04821231961250305]
[0.0017987474566325545]
[0.08090884983539581]
[0.3067573606967926]
[0.29268568754196167]
[0.04819980263710022]
[0.0019227517768740654]
[0.0004771053500007838]
[0.0006254184409044683]
[0.04816271737217903]
[0.10680747777223587]
[0.23896795511245728]
[0.08353276550769806]
[0.004421451594680548]
[0.012582854367792606]
[0.5540798902511597]
[0.009952655993402004]
[0.0007305044564418495]
[0.01961423270404339]
[0.001110210083425045]
[0.2401358187198639]
[0.0004863628710154444]
[0.04807769134640694]
[0.04806134104728699]
[0.13869141042232513]
[0.025908637791872025]
[0.0008718717144802213]
[0.02486620843410492]
[0.16928741335868835]
[0.009017908945679665]
[0.0017432315507903695]
[0.000503930205013603]
[0.0004926940891891718]
[0.002156752161681652]
[0.08016834408044815]
[0.15818043053150177]
[0.0008709069225005805]
[0.019810743629932404]
[0.0012273769825696945]
[0.0012241502990946174]
[0.2504032552242279]
[0.0015368567546829581]
[0.0009186055394820869]
[0.34142303466796875]
[0.0008684867643751204]
[0.0026054836343973875]
[0.03238411992788315]
[0.0004929154529236257]
[0.001797500648535788]
[0.0011415599146857858]
[0.00378067116253078]
[0.04795927181839943]
[0.0012500686571002007]
[0.04073105752468109]
[0.0016195913776755333]
[0.0009813373908400536]
[0.0009077902650460601]
[0.002550413366407156]
[0.10955197364091873]
[0.2523256242275238]
[0.013742787763476372]
[0.0015086319763213396]
[0.0017238094005733728]
[0.012798904441297054]
[0.004103869199752808]
[0.06443501263856888]
[0.25906306505203247]
[0.021195081993937492]
[0.04791886731982231]
[0.6289641857147217]
[0.23010939359664917]
[0.008202594704926014]
[0.0814434140920639]
[0.0012207276886329055]
[0.08404751867055893]
[0.09865113347768784]
[0.040782712399959564]
[0.03727012872695923]
[0.0013343527680262923]
[0.06020348146557808]
[0.0033795449417084455]
[0.04793529585003853]
[0.04792974889278412]
[0.0012349039316177368]
[0.04789882153272629]
[0.028649920597672462]
[0.02293947897851467]
[0.0007622407283633947]
[0.2389729917049408]
[0.0035275579430162907]
[0.0036262699868530035]
[0.0005313706351444125]
[0.0006882309098728001]
[0.0017936393851414323]
[0.16144022345542908]
[0.0007502023363485932]
[0.3219461739063263]
[0.012350338511168957]
[0.0701850950717926]
[0.0008442713879048824]
[0.047619596123695374]
[0.002245419193059206]
[0.04755436256527901]
[0.0005331282154656947]
[0.01593853533267975]
[0.2349478304386139]
[0.005600179545581341]
[0.036155909299850464]
[0.007317881565541029]
[0.7852579355239868]
[0.045884162187576294]
[0.009345143102109432]
[0.0025111830327659845]
[0.01333879679441452]
[0.017854101955890656]
[0.07933278381824493]
[0.13550566136837006]
[0.00929106492549181]
[0.001091879210434854]
[0.18640278279781342]
[0.022727522999048233]
[0.03549663722515106]
[0.07904031127691269]
[0.00048087764298543334]
[0.047377824783325195]
[0.0046064592897892]
[0.002442367607727647]
[0.04736344516277313]
[0.002663566265255213]
[0.0008499405812472105]
[0.04164842143654823]
[0.0084972670301795]
[0.03898405656218529]
[0.010894027538597584]
[0.02091093361377716]
[0.014928902499377728]
[0.034501101821660995]
[0.2521005868911743]
[0.17450940608978271]
[0.0014683572808280587]
[0.19289110600948334]
[0.00039184323395602405]
[0.004192755091935396]
[0.00037920617614872754]
[0.06774281710386276]
[0.0010157327633351088]
[0.001955473329871893]
[0.0019634703639894724]
[0.04398525133728981]
[0.12519723176956177]
[0.16526475548744202]
[0.04733145236968994]
[0.0017293058335781097]
[0.03774191811680794]
[0.018247433006763458]
[0.001676513347774744]
[0.18445686995983124]
[0.0008546313620172441]
[0.0015031578950583935]
[0.008379243314266205]
[0.0032617971301078796]
[0.0068483795039355755]
[0.04732343554496765]
[0.05171918496489525]
[0.21860559284687042]
[0.0019419608870521188]
[0.0017305250512436032]
[0.0798930823802948]
[0.10858123004436493]
[0.001236865995451808]
[0.002436519367620349]
[0.009425747208297253]
[0.0729518011212349]
[0.00033801846439018846]
[0.00034156840411014855]
[0.07951387017965317]
[0.0035568219609558582]
[0.17966613173484802]
[0.1711212396621704]
[0.20679643750190735]
[0.047312211245298386]
[0.0035106323193758726]
[0.0035169285256415606]
[0.13294610381126404]
[0.00040385351167060435]
[0.001027012593112886]
[0.3530859351158142]
[0.015497667714953423]
[0.00035390802077017725]
[0.0031421047169715166]
[53.44944763183594]
[0.003052792511880398]
[0.004068337846547365]
[0.030361201614141464]
[0.0013034059666097164]
[0.0019176938803866506]
[0.08007805049419403]
[0.27802979946136475]
[0.0036867165472358465]
[0.40377941727638245]
[0.20598484575748444]
[0.035036057233810425]
[0.0005956219974905252]
[0.04741707816720009]
[0.1328519582748413]
[0.6916027069091797]
[0.0012011168291792274]
[0.003572190413251519]
[0.001612436375580728]
[0.005402903538197279]
[0.14329078793525696]
[0.005040774121880531]
[0.0012855962850153446]
[0.04749435931444168]
[0.07986070960760117]
[0.15083402395248413]
[0.13164198398590088]
[0.16483184695243835]
[0.10572153329849243]
[0.06570464372634888]
[0.0013696098467335105]
[0.232824444770813]
[0.007790347561240196]
[0.00471036322414875]
[0.0677075907588005]
[0.007154144812375307]
[0.047564730048179626]
[0.0005657791625708342]
[0.7705855369567871]
[0.09563396126031876]
[0.0008519820985384285]
[0.31428879499435425]
[0.0005424535484053195]
[0.4094219505786896]
[0.00950256921350956]
[0.0005560718709602952]
[0.12027896195650101]
[0.0028547989204525948]
[0.20925834774971008]
[1.5002167224884033]
[0.11859314888715744]
[0.0007805287605151534]
[0.003632014151662588]
[0.37880009412765503]
[0.49071845412254333]
[0.002155133057385683]
[0.24983222782611847]
[0.13915927708148956]
[0.4383976459503174]
[0.0036192156840115786]
[0.07954929769039154]
[0.0004722971352748573]
[0.27070125937461853]
[0.08281227201223373]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.7865630388259888]
[0.058771681040525436]
[0.0010889304103329778]
[0.3237791359424591]
[0.3132025897502899]
[0.1452936977148056]
[0.0006178387557156384]
[0.018226711079478264]
[0.05893825367093086]
[0.000621342973317951]
[0.0012127634836360812]
[0.0007993094623088837]
[0.031754929572343826]
[0.0010123074753209949]
[0.003222611267119646]
[0.0857929065823555]
[0.09164886176586151]
[0.05558058246970177]
[0.0015856398968026042]
[0.10622897744178772]
[0.0014215814881026745]
[0.003110370133072138]
[0.04475124925374985]
[0.01633821427822113]
[0.0005251460243016481]
[0.22424758970737457]
[0.002854099264368415]
[0.49729764461517334]
[0.002570888726040721]
[0.0012548172380775213]
[0.006129841785877943]
[0.005831044167280197]
[0.10012466460466385]
[0.0004657585814129561]
[0.7633718252182007]
[0.013711178675293922]
[1.323784351348877]
[0.010742919519543648]
[0.0004650964692700654]
[0.025068404152989388]
[0.09060543030500412]
[0.010047992691397667]
[0.07949458807706833]
[0.0702735036611557]
[0.08556894212961197]
[0.17504467070102692]
[0.8930895924568176]
[0.16078610718250275]
[0.0027533716056495905]
[0.048121605068445206]
[0.17958755791187286]
[0.014747817069292068]
[0.1447116881608963]
[0.08524870872497559]
[0.0022930637933313847]
[0.08244270086288452]
[0.006026318296790123]
[0.0020757170859724283]
[0.013153009116649628]
[0.15248480439186096]
[0.17004233598709106]
[0.001979505643248558]
[0.048252902925014496]
[0.023463275283575058]
[0.0029938863590359688]
[0.0004050056741107255]
[0.003566279774531722]
[0.010176951996982098]
[0.03256687521934509]
[0.0025904516223818064]
[0.03688783571124077]
[0.002882891334593296]
[0.8130441308021545]
[0.12498494982719421]
[0.12620045244693756]
[0.0020954846404492855]
[0.0008017673972062767]
[0.0007612677873112261]
[0.06478597968816757]
[0.056705474853515625]
[0.39095306396484375]
[0.002775419969111681]
[0.04820266738533974]
[0.04675928130745888]
[0.013318590819835663]
[0.0006369489710777998]
[0.03500327095389366]
[0.0018898851703852415]
[0.048176903277635574]
[0.010492417961359024]
[0.048154883086681366]
[0.20253154635429382]
[0.004681767430156469]
[0.004111170303076506]
[0.010546772740781307]
[0.0010947034461423755]
[0.0740424171090126]
[0.04754723981022835]
[0.0042682550847530365]
[0.0029375413432717323]
[0.004336928483098745]
[0.04804893955588341]
[0.0022970668505877256]
[0.0017358810873702168]
[0.005915297660976648]
[0.1643199920654297]
[0.21120207011699677]
[0.0448312982916832]
[0.16611328721046448]
[0.1074887067079544]
[0.07783926278352737]
[0.012317022308707237]
[0.003913468215614557]
[0.06871157884597778]
[0.1491907835006714]
[0.6605710387229919]
[0.07932229340076447]
[0.5037024021148682]
[0.0037749188486486673]
[0.01320512406527996]
[0.005585110280662775]
[0.0052784704603254795]
[0.0019516248721629381]
[0.38116034865379333]
[0.0018611046252772212]
[0.0020929533056914806]
[0.061659153550863266]
[0.04792005941271782]
[0.09870722889900208]
[0.0020936219953000546]
[0.0016618468798696995]
[0.00288307573646307]
[0.0011228781659156084]
[0.0016440683975815773]
[0.008138954639434814]
[0.006220842711627483]
[0.008380074054002762]
[0.011004908010363579]
[0.0023214840330183506]
[0.07290519028902054]
[0.0017609037458896637]
[0.04792548716068268]
[0.006477739196270704]
[0.05606602132320404]
[0.047911934554576874]
[0.0014614821411669254]
[0.05875323340296745]
[0.04787534102797508]
[0.03796122595667839]
[0.0012600704794749618]
[0.03861483186483383]
[0.007252393290400505]
[0.11302822083234787]
[0.1165800392627716]
[0.03211314603686333]
[0.07932809740304947]
[0.03590473532676697]
[0.006369392853230238]
[0.0017514171777293086]
[0.185230553150177]
[0.0010692211799323559]
[0.09588298201560974]
[0.016067378222942352]
[0.009160964749753475]
[0.017313165590167046]
[0.0005277281161397696]
[0.026762312278151512]
[0.013131087645888329]
[0.04779059812426567]
[0.0006951389950700104]
[0.0020966592710465193]
[0.0005603678873740137]
[0.008038460277020931]
[0.047767605632543564]
[0.04297869652509689]
[0.009228983893990517]
[0.0031160383950918913]
[0.010474278591573238]
[0.03674471005797386]
[0.02604028768837452]
[0.1607818603515625]
[0.16026203334331512]
[0.04773187264800072]
[0.11332230269908905]
[0.0014047307195141912]
[0.025304056704044342]
[0.007189297582954168]
[0.0014014604967087507]
[0.07938991487026215]
[0.29063960909843445]
[0.002215348882600665]
[0.0005583015736192465]
[0.04760473221540451]
[0.07931803911924362]
[0.04758191108703613]
[0.005384570918977261]
[0.047547802329063416]
[0.04751671478152275]
[0.019972817972302437]
[0.06955824047327042]
[0.0014446753775700927]
[0.0016400334425270557]
[0.017307233065366745]
[0.15065903961658478]
[0.005597940180450678]
[0.04743294417858124]
[0.002670368878170848]
[0.021997639909386635]
[0.03826292231678963]
[0.047386664897203445]
[0.022813191637396812]
[0.17029017210006714]
[0.02656005136668682]
[0.16098785400390625]
[0.00038632695213891566]
[0.0010511793661862612]
[0.0019782125018537045]
[0.04729948937892914]
[0.018925417214632034]
[0.013377610594034195]
[0.010304233059287071]
[0.00408837478607893]
[0.0007758473511785269]
[0.007486327085644007]
[0.0026666694320738316]
[0.0003997588064521551]
[0.2688799202442169]
[0.047200754284858704]
[0.005061659030616283]
[0.002178351627662778]
[0.06293713301420212]
[0.0017171998042613268]
[0.008604796603322029]
[0.018987281247973442]
[0.01258938293904066]
[0.000726875732652843]
[0.0005566969630308449]
[0.3531719446182251]
[0.22205013036727905]
[0.000476258312119171]
[0.006114221177995205]
[0.2626044452190399]
[0.0028470552060753107]
[0.0038105130661278963]
[0.0024114421103149652]
[0.0004626279405783862]
[0.0025023669004440308]
[0.0018957338761538267]
[0.10349965840578079]
[0.049057189375162125]
[0.07025133818387985]
[0.0015579775208607316]
[0.2197585552930832]
[0.0006918720318935812]
[0.004003025125712156]
[0.002122931880876422]
[0.0029270746745169163]
[0.0028725131414830685]
[0.04334092140197754]
[0.013276138342916965]
[0.2840867340564728]
[0.0021115767303854227]
[0.03795681148767471]
[0.04721198230981827]
[0.2725227475166321]
[0.0028496047016233206]
[0.06332831084728241]
[0.07432777434587479]
[0.0026324621867388487]
[0.022359253838658333]
[0.01695188879966736]
[0.0077338083647191525]
[0.00163525459356606]
[0.0016328057972714305]
[0.07918961346149445]
[0.2155337929725647]
[0.0020388516131788492]
[0.07607719302177429]
[0.06208215653896332]
[0.020054815337061882]
[0.08009576052427292]
[0.24983727931976318]
[0.001150447060354054]
[0.0010648607276380062]
[0.08007912337779999]
[0.0013148784637451172]
[0.002160964533686638]
[0.0012753525516018271]
[0.0038097244687378407]
[0.0055037206038832664]
[0.0007812180556356907]
[0.0029936046339571476]
[0.0012495419941842556]
[0.06944306194782257]
[0.012302967719733715]
[0.0035584163852036]
[0.30405572056770325]
[0.031102078035473824]
[0.07198212295770645]
[0.018867915496230125]
[0.004064466338604689]
[0.0015747733414173126]
[0.04725373908877373]
[0.2012275755405426]
[0.16392987966537476]
[0.0006896691047586501]
[0.24783766269683838]
[0.2687727212905884]
[0.29778552055358887]
[0.13138987123966217]
[0.08527368307113647]
[0.001805327134206891]
[0.18357011675834656]
[0.005195607431232929]
[0.05083133280277252]
[0.015015392564237118]
[0.16057415306568146]
[0.05323861539363861]
[0.0015163486823439598]
[0.3045802116394043]
[0.002018606523051858]
[0.0517633780837059]
[0.0008143444429151714]
[0.06569363921880722]
[0.07907868921756744]
[0.04119861125946045]
[0.03379030525684357]
[0.002401669044047594]
[0.07477006316184998]
[0.0008774182060733438]
[0.00063388078706339]
[0.04724906384944916]
[0.0008176229894161224]
[0.12659817934036255]
[0.012502278201282024]
[0.0006074630655348301]
[0.00194941449444741]
[0.14088782668113708]
[0.15760430693626404]
[0.000658354489132762]
[0.0015383772552013397]
[0.034726981073617935]
[0.03303035721182823]
[0.0015374681679531932]
[0.003031410975381732]
[0.0031299185939133167]
[0.0015252029988914728]
[0.04723187908530235]
[0.0941135436296463]
[0.011811144649982452]
[0.0006840700516477227]
[0.0024621342308819294]
[0.008596324361860752]
[0.07909870892763138]
[0.003847693093121052]
[0.038057077676057816]
[0.04426434636116028]
[0.1701492816209793]
[0.04578939452767372]
[0.04297691956162453]
[0.007401502225548029]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0007838414749130607]
[0.035312239080667496]
[0.03254866600036621]
[0.0006610348355025053]
[0.17194509506225586]
[0.10187390446662903]
[0.001179901184514165]
[0.18966926634311676]
[0.03980657085776329]
[0.0006719672819599509]
[0.01751488260924816]
[0.01741381734609604]
[0.20482014119625092]
[0.04703420773148537]
[0.16499942541122437]
[0.04663591831922531]
[0.0061693317256867886]
[0.08843303471803665]
[0.0005619099829345942]
[0.010925344191491604]
[0.16306374967098236]
[0.0005415052291937172]
[0.0004868684627581388]
[0.07962703704833984]
[0.0017910376191139221]
[0.009179235436022282]
[0.04955700784921646]
[0.0005325093516148627]
[0.5984312295913696]
[0.0012496572453528643]
[0.07955211400985718]
[0.000504467636346817]
[0.1373995840549469]
[0.04737705737352371]
[0.07352964580059052]
[0.030329756438732147]
[0.001692234887741506]
[0.001476447912864387]
[0.05789653956890106]
[0.16721048951148987]
[0.07878376543521881]
[0.0019084062660112977]
[0.000714166380930692]
[0.0981721505522728]
[0.0473550446331501]
[0.0010023488430306315]
[0.033891815692186356]
[0.015333893708884716]
[0.0007806742796674371]
[0.009004157967865467]
[0.12119732797145844]
[0.013547206297516823]
[0.0786752849817276]
[0.16038095951080322]
[0.19484984874725342]
[0.01204471942037344]
[0.013129263184964657]
[0.0016856756992638111]
[0.2523948848247528]
[0.07396778464317322]
[0.003160863183438778]
[0.0005460486281663179]
[0.00046746741281822324]
[0.0473465695977211]
[0.00339634926058352]
[0.0473286472260952]
[0.005616866517812014]
[0.02426447905600071]
[0.04728393629193306]
[0.09183051437139511]
[0.03398178145289421]
[0.047472238540649414]
[0.1521185040473938]
[0.014044216834008694]
[0.0018545365892350674]
[0.11841244995594025]
[0.0471966490149498]
[0.009919690899550915]
[0.01062408834695816]
[0.07854408770799637]
[0.0013358897995203733]
[0.08355078101158142]
[0.0013663050485774875]
[0.002736093942075968]
[0.0015889436472207308]
[0.25937706232070923]
[0.10983423888683319]
[0.011127711273729801]
[0.00180735532194376]
[0.0034810665529221296]
[0.001587001490406692]
[0.1422818899154663]
[0.06259015947580338]
[0.059363752603530884]
[0.0016291707288473845]
[0.04371299594640732]
[0.013427517376840115]
[0.7311452627182007]
[0.15438275039196014]
[0.0018527059582993388]
[0.09813468158245087]
[0.07045290619134903]
[0.010671704076230526]
[0.04716138541698456]
[0.06028420478105545]
[0.02066677249968052]
[0.02021121233701706]
[0.0595456138253212]
[0.010584072209894657]
[0.0026578607503324747]
[0.0851527750492096]
[0.0017009431030601263]
[0.0015021461294963956]
[0.0011799386702477932]
[0.003935775253921747]
[0.0040759919211268425]
[0.0013061112258583307]
[0.0016159910010173917]
[0.04718957096338272]
[0.1178986057639122]
[0.020426008850336075]
[0.04716956615447998]
[0.0008661121828481555]
[0.003923691343516111]
[0.009219469502568245]
[0.06766679137945175]
[0.0419389009475708]
[0.006196698639541864]
[0.04705994948744774]
[0.0016607388388365507]
[0.0067819831892848015]
[0.002520131878554821]
[0.07852000743150711]
[0.037573184818029404]
[0.0007452190038748085]
[0.04694871976971626]
[0.003138823201879859]
[0.0736326053738594]
[0.012060404755175114]
[0.0014633637620136142]
[0.04687955975532532]
[0.10479982197284698]
[0.1041807159781456]
[0.0031201234087347984]
[0.046823352575302124]
[0.02500482089817524]
[0.038055118173360825]
[0.0023239757865667343]
[0.18248671293258667]
[0.015298021025955677]
[0.01872432231903076]
[0.011203241534531116]
[0.4987804889678955]
[0.6486114263534546]
[0.046709828078746796]
[0.0030729363206773996]
[0.0055054123513400555]
[0.00277701742015779]
[0.07154017686843872]
[0.0020369936246424913]
[0.04075685515999794]
[0.11236003041267395]
[0.0008149934001266956]
[0.2736698389053345]
[0.02274552546441555]
[0.05051588639616966]
[0.07944284379482269]
[0.0007111215381883085]
[0.04650698974728584]
[0.04647925868630409]
[0.003121827030554414]
[0.3583233952522278]
[0.06344952434301376]
[0.01716998964548111]
[0.0024762458633631468]
[0.17334237694740295]
[0.08487001061439514]
[0.0026664817705750465]
[0.03120480105280876]
[0.0017267464427277446]
[0.027085132896900177]
[0.002998752985149622]
[0.5917316675186157]
[0.1864241361618042]
[0.10004030913114548]
[0.12421498447656631]
[0.4752056896686554]
[0.0059166569262743]
[0.07874459028244019]
[0.6562137603759766]
[0.14604610204696655]
[0.015977483242750168]
[0.16087192296981812]
[0.005541409831494093]
[0.010623607784509659]
[0.09774455428123474]
[0.18859849870204926]
[0.038590025156736374]
[0.004458985291421413]
[0.0015245701652020216]
[0.16564299166202545]
[0.051361750811338425]
[0.13011382520198822]
[0.022315289825201035]
[0.0999431163072586]
[0.11293601989746094]
[0.14313967525959015]
[0.012839474715292454]
[0.004648297559469938]
[0.0029610381461679935]
[0.0011894538765773177]
[0.046214718371629715]
[0.016611669212579727]
[0.012238290160894394]
[0.003912350628525019]
[0.12379476428031921]
[0.005079314578324556]
[0.0017322191270068288]
[0.047354526817798615]
[0.061683911830186844]
[0.008909505791962147]
[0.04620686173439026]
[0.008760464377701283]
[0.001715382793918252]
[0.01498378161340952]
[0.014772946015000343]
[0.07003681361675262]
[0.0015150813851505518]
[0.34023571014404297]
[0.017611313611268997]
[0.00216156174428761]
[0.17554500699043274]
[0.08262267708778381]
[0.051269225776195526]
[0.1655586063861847]
[0.006897649262100458]
[0.330618679523468]
[0.0341159924864769]
[0.04624294117093086]
[0.04624487832188606]
[0.0022022954653948545]
[0.0006428816122934222]
[0.0012436973629519343]
[0.0016525952378287911]
[0.0061587123200297356]
[0.03861701115965843]
[0.006228214129805565]
[0.04621462523937225]
[0.029376935213804245]
[0.031853191554546356]
[0.046344347298145294]
[0.008021271787583828]
[0.024898339062929153]
[0.09689636528491974]
[0.026023609563708305]
[0.0007903488585725427]
[0.0016866549849510193]
[0.005693720653653145]
[0.0028833732940256596]
[0.005125529132783413]
[0.1322859525680542]
[0.001521650585345924]
[0.0018461334984749556]
[0.25033116340637207]
[0.0027965125627815723]
[0.0011570157948881388]
[0.016570545732975006]
[0.09096556901931763]
[0.0013236753875389695]
[0.046148430556058884]
[0.008848673664033413]
[0.04612161964178085]
[0.005887715611606836]
[0.0015173476422205567]
[0.033189814537763596]
[0.007584453094750643]
[0.046884894371032715]
[0.040745921432971954]
[0.2642063498497009]
[0.0004957857890985906]
[0.014440829865634441]
[0.06509362906217575]
[0.01514038909226656]
[0.04728589951992035]
[0.04606403410434723]
[0.027543997392058372]
[0.07861735671758652]
[0.17581792175769806]
[0.13369706273078918]
[0.04449404403567314]
[0.04604293033480644]
[0.4095172584056854]
[0.011620364151895046]
[0.3381973206996918]
[0.15378078818321228]
[0.12377668172121048]
[0.03689047321677208]
[0.019108846783638]
[0.001359267858788371]
[0.00434206472709775]
[0.046040087938308716]
[0.2759697735309601]
[0.0358903668820858]
[0.0015050573274493217]
[0.031758569180965424]
[0.026334362104535103]
[0.16116048395633698]
[0.2566711902618408]
[0.0023744343779981136]
[0.005147031508386135]
[0.22101952135562897]
[0.02040080726146698]
[0.022270705550909042]
[0.004822293762117624]
[0.0026925476267933846]
[0.1471676081418991]
[0.10234760493040085]
[0.1626177579164505]
[0.04604608938097954]
[0.046048182994127274]
[0.0012076398124918342]
[0.09331956505775452]
[0.0006351543124765158]
[0.001495847012847662]
[0.07350470125675201]
[0.00680775148794055]
[0.18762002885341644]
[0.04601890221238136]
[0.0015043813036754727]
[0.07847821712493896]
[0.0029561349656432867]
[0.02845900133252144]
[0.1871517151594162]
[0.0006529499660246074]
[0.001155452337116003]
[0.4795100688934326]
[0.06438823789358139]
[0.0006245721597224474]
[0.0012411960633471608]
[0.0016882498748600483]
[0.12753541767597198]
[0.005322752520442009]
[0.9688063263893127]
[0.0858190655708313]
[0.23187486827373505]
[0.0011157538974657655]
[0.0006181212374940515]
[0.0037754164077341557]
[0.0011687329970300198]
[0.04602547734975815]
[0.44031059741973877]
[0.13370387256145477]
[0.001105669536627829]
[0.0009999147150665522]
[0.06507385522127151]
[0.04594993218779564]
[1.0899245738983154]
[0.018800117075443268]
[0.007966685108840466]
[0.7301202416419983]
[0.0018485443433746696]
[1.0173611640930176]
[0.11302372068166733]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0012325196294113994]
[0.04565160349011421]
[0.016615228727459908]
[0.3426124155521393]
[0.0007958280039019883]
[0.10786063969135284]
[0.008245562203228474]
[0.05349152162671089]
[0.07812487334012985]
[0.37682974338531494]
[0.2375245839357376]
[0.01759454421699047]
[0.0780581459403038]
[0.0016328537603840232]
[0.0013497864129021764]
[0.18025758862495422]
[0.029075665399432182]
[0.045618727803230286]
[0.03906313329935074]
[0.2355651706457138]
[0.1242358610033989]
[0.6284927725791931]
[0.02407945692539215]
[0.042108215391635895]
[0.21842868626117706]
[0.003884959267452359]
[0.15052326023578644]
[0.045557036995887756]
[0.07400377094745636]
[0.0009373801876790822]
[0.0028351936489343643]
[0.36083340644836426]
[0.3821778893470764]
[0.0022989637218415737]
[0.04557296633720398]
[0.4378529489040375]
[0.2887701392173767]
[0.14343561232089996]
[0.24610479176044464]
[0.002168279839679599]
[0.3929229974746704]
[0.045685771852731705]
[0.07816816121339798]
[0.0015827867900952697]
[0.1974770426750183]
[0.18518705666065216]
[0.0012831405038014054]
[0.0013992191525176167]
[0.07817846536636353]
[0.0008448883309029043]
[0.0011661937460303307]
[0.007081878371536732]
[0.11885088682174683]
[0.04573914036154747]
[0.0033459332771599293]
[0.103192999958992]
[0.15165682137012482]
[0.04568638280034065]
[0.0015078741125762463]
[0.003237362252548337]
[0.0009219744242727757]
[0.20237155258655548]
[0.06733427196741104]
[0.0806485190987587]
[0.0029461479280143976]
[0.15401890873908997]
[0.0009246383560821414]
[0.012789544649422169]
[0.0013717589899897575]
[0.0009971285471692681]
[0.10817878693342209]
[0.0029937096405774355]
[0.8733476400375366]
[0.07802382856607437]
[0.0006184909725561738]
[0.0010065340902656317]
[0.020176606252789497]
[0.04543931409716606]
[0.022643744945526123]
[0.15395739674568176]
[0.017478471621870995]
[0.1922340989112854]
[0.030537713319063187]
[0.08050011843442917]
[0.018179278820753098]
[0.017070448026061058]
[0.0006729315500706434]
[0.01626683957874775]
[0.0017451596213504672]
[0.07341764122247696]
[0.0009851108770817518]
[0.02708241157233715]
[0.27422621846199036]
[0.0006543261697515845]
[0.0018111312529072165]
[0.0006820930284447968]
[0.020893486216664314]
[0.013804317452013493]
[0.058283016085624695]
[0.001093082595616579]
[0.0054468512535095215]
[0.004619375802576542]
[0.0016948443371802568]
[0.0033590178936719894]
[0.007252809591591358]
[0.027097338810563087]
[0.004849365912377834]
[0.006340968422591686]
[0.004592503886669874]
[0.015400256030261517]
[0.05201807990670204]
[0.01294681802392006]
[0.0012146829394623637]
[0.0016789207002148032]
[0.07811941206455231]
[0.0010095324832946062]
[0.01097530871629715]
[0.1508631855249405]
[0.002629382535815239]
[0.48988083004951477]
[0.010399946942925453]
[0.002109387656673789]
[0.00783749669790268]
[0.07806193083524704]
[0.045676857233047485]
[0.04566129297018051]
[0.1240159347653389]
[0.13936330378055573]
[0.0008453644113615155]
[0.04554792866110802]
[0.0017364855157211423]
[0.16032159328460693]
[0.0010216773953288794]
[0.007062252145260572]
[0.01815388724207878]
[0.038729529827833176]
[0.0018540408927947283]
[0.14367356896400452]
[0.0029161132406443357]
[0.0017454029293730855]
[0.0017455237684771419]
[0.004747963976114988]
[0.0021401243284344673]
[0.0006471546948887408]
[0.0006791979540139437]
[0.07854721695184708]
[0.16494415700435638]
[0.33854952454566956]
[0.0927886888384819]
[0.32712066173553467]
[0.0021084630861878395]
[0.0006115214200690389]
[0.1269456148147583]
[0.14109395444393158]
[0.0016101731453090906]
[0.02542891539633274]
[0.0005463315173983574]
[0.0011436509666964412]
[0.5056801438331604]
[0.004520113579928875]
[0.0005153830861672759]
[0.021295897662639618]
[0.026078440248966217]
[0.0013318746350705624]
[0.01930123195052147]
[0.0014808295527473092]
[0.02211628668010235]
[0.018317589536309242]
[0.08068697154521942]
[0.0015674192691221833]
[0.0015129350358620286]
[0.07807691395282745]
[0.5043272972106934]
[0.002664688741788268]
[0.01304191816598177]
[0.17480558156967163]
[0.016922427341341972]
[0.015470591373741627]
[0.0016493973089382052]
[0.00046211396693252027]
[0.04595974460244179]
[0.15648913383483887]
[0.5647817850112915]
[0.024936670437455177]
[0.01640712097287178]
[0.014874331653118134]
[0.001587896142154932]
[0.04602782800793648]
[0.017249979078769684]
[0.001530203502625227]
[0.0806208997964859]
[0.02175334468483925]
[0.0005171678494662046]
[0.2739132046699524]
[0.044470321387052536]
[0.11782258003950119]
[0.015150105580687523]
[0.02725612372159958]
[0.025456693023443222]
[0.2707616090774536]
[0.5089325904846191]
[0.009389587678015232]
[0.005906286649405956]
[0.04828152805566788]
[0.07875246554613113]
[0.0016123470850288868]
[0.2377048134803772]
[0.00233051017858088]
[0.045993074774742126]
[0.9458571076393127]
[0.04599928483366966]
[0.02923368662595749]
[0.001214803894981742]
[0.0012680834624916315]
[0.06313705444335938]
[0.011325962841510773]
[0.07735666632652283]
[0.0011889203451573849]
[0.022716544568538666]
[0.1955968290567398]
[0.003845307743176818]
[0.0013544148532673717]
[0.003909609280526638]
[0.034444745630025864]
[0.0011083594290539622]
[0.21421128511428833]
[0.09312954545021057]
[0.02261318638920784]
[0.027300415560603142]
[0.0030335369519889355]
[0.01019574049860239]
[0.03143838793039322]
[0.0033119674772024155]
[0.001287909341044724]
[0.0014030826278030872]
[0.0007062915246933699]
[0.060661934316158295]
[0.16984012722969055]
[0.0012302170507609844]
[0.0024085533805191517]
[0.07714725285768509]
[0.10089319944381714]
[0.0016114149475470185]
[0.0015894913813099265]
[0.025121651589870453]
[0.005804006941616535]
[0.05171188712120056]
[0.04615306481719017]
[0.19645075500011444]
[0.6220198273658752]
[0.04615134373307228]
[0.08704614639282227]
[0.04613425210118294]
[0.014724395237863064]
[0.00313792796805501]
[0.208831787109375]
[0.005450883414596319]
[0.0014792472356930375]
[0.12097477167844772]
[0.04908420518040657]
[0.0006674714968539774]
[0.023343484848737717]
[0.4271957278251648]
[0.11672858148813248]
[0.0013403353514149785]
[0.01790574938058853]
[0.020359685644507408]
[0.018604198470711708]
[0.07708374410867691]
[0.0017344264779239893]
[0.0016676117666065693]
[0.05722310394048691]
[0.003924471326172352]
[0.6398928165435791]
[0.014435546472668648]
[0.04606943577528]
[0.046168252825737]
[0.0009571901755407453]
[0.000644892395939678]
[0.0037297136150300503]
[0.046043310314416885]
[0.06124872714281082]
[0.09981430321931839]
[0.00638689287006855]
[0.055066920816898346]
[0.0006796802044846117]
[0.0006135422154329717]
[0.07692717015743256]
[0.0036952428054064512]
[0.0016174684278666973]
[0.08959570527076721]
[0.0015838381368666887]
[0.11224365234375]
[0.0016738824779167771]
[0.13999219238758087]
[0.00635217409580946]
[0.08029522746801376]
[0.0016197178047150373]
[0.0010733110830187798]
[0.03186706826090813]
[0.04609375447034836]
[0.007013798225671053]
[0.006094356998801231]
[0.15220119059085846]
[0.17481665313243866]
[0.025970308110117912]
[0.0034069267567247152]
[0.003088246565312147]
[0.20653678476810455]
[0.0028854887932538986]
[0.046099208295345306]
[0.0254562646150589]
[0.23555707931518555]
[0.0008188548963516951]
[0.0007962117088027298]
[0.0008657736470922828]
[0.2625539302825928]
[0.013239280320703983]
[0.11570486426353455]
[0.0038288524374365807]
[0.09001540392637253]
[0.0008413471514359117]
[0.10237662494182587]
[0.002802914474159479]
[0.0022490820847451687]
[0.0008768034749664366]
[0.011275558732450008]
[0.0007693272782489657]
[0.036855921149253845]
[0.0008492458728142083]
[0.0023071635514497757]
[0.015340868383646011]
[0.017677925527095795]
[0.010770546272397041]
[0.0007362182368524373]
[0.04599526897072792]
[0.011715257540345192]
[0.006750772707164288]
[0.026998236775398254]
[0.0008096627425402403]
[0.002504493808373809]
[0.01322602853178978]
[0.014999467879533768]
[0.002745564328506589]
[0.011827981099486351]
[0.012892825528979301]
[0.04590344801545143]
[0.004408262204378843]
[0.0006919670267961919]
[0.016490759328007698]
[0.011714543215930462]
[0.0053237914107739925]
[0.18274472653865814]
[0.0005663474439643323]
[0.0029144093859940767]
[0.0471637137234211]
[0.0006995671428740025]
[0.4067419767379761]
[0.0016552777960896492]
[0.0023098166566342115]
[0.3136635422706604]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0006695713964290917]
[0.01177588477730751]
[0.001742213498800993]
[0.014683633111417294]
[0.0009434547391720116]
[0.045731134712696075]
[0.001656371052376926]
[0.04570457339286804]
[0.07843543589115143]
[0.0019348205532878637]
[0.0994030088186264]
[0.01974002830684185]
[0.15111537277698517]
[0.0016462488565593958]
[0.002353447023779154]
[0.0025922050699591637]
[0.1800885796546936]
[0.15316453576087952]
[0.0018176358425989747]
[0.04559070244431496]
[0.045578718185424805]
[0.012327592819929123]
[0.22030794620513916]
[0.011184961535036564]
[0.002243936760351062]
[0.2900150418281555]
[0.0022438496816903353]
[0.6120795607566833]
[0.01939333789050579]
[0.07833749055862427]
[0.07691723853349686]
[0.012153547257184982]
[0.0006450882065109909]
[0.02323606051504612]
[0.07684338092803955]
[0.2578839957714081]
[0.01278877817094326]
[0.0006020215805619955]
[0.011672972701489925]
[0.013420339673757553]
[0.0454632043838501]
[0.013274856843054295]
[0.009126286022365093]
[0.0016603486146777868]
[0.15307408571243286]
[0.003184855217114091]
[0.0016552528832107782]
[0.0005730617558583617]
[0.11381451785564423]
[0.004734777845442295]
[0.07434418052434921]
[0.2827332019805908]
[0.004332167096436024]
[0.002134538721293211]
[0.04533009976148605]
[0.01577850989997387]
[0.0017768293619155884]
[0.13759399950504303]
[0.018476931378245354]
[0.0018365024589002132]
[0.17065952718257904]
[0.0016725865425541997]
[0.01672402210533619]
[0.1355852484703064]
[0.0021986032370477915]
[0.513279139995575]
[0.05799584090709686]
[0.07672029733657837]
[0.013206558302044868]
[0.00164422404486686]
[0.2428482621908188]
[0.01358054019510746]
[0.09548443555831909]
[0.012262449599802494]
[0.01753227412700653]
[0.020316069945693016]
[0.03367439657449722]
[0.023476194590330124]
[0.0004534689069259912]
[0.07650404423475266]
[0.045239225029945374]
[0.048997558653354645]
[0.37543991208076477]
[0.44928187131881714]
[0.3164359927177429]
[0.0008422039682045579]
[0.0744449570775032]
[0.05275171250104904]
[0.016872620210051537]
[0.298869252204895]
[0.07621130347251892]
[0.004410285968333483]
[0.014561519958078861]
[0.10334337502717972]
[0.3123815655708313]
[0.0017703052144497633]
[0.5936493873596191]
[0.01953166350722313]
[0.0417177677154541]
[0.02348131686449051]
[0.22737236320972443]
[0.08356144279241562]
[0.0017098881071433425]
[0.04530014097690582]
[0.002700802171602845]
[0.038503799587488174]
[0.0018724857363849878]
[0.04856478050351143]
[0.13793602585792542]
[0.17675228416919708]
[0.04529643431305885]
[0.012008368968963623]
[0.002466016449034214]
[0.0007380854804068804]
[0.14494995772838593]
[0.02440151944756508]
[0.10033482313156128]
[0.01679302006959915]
[0.002198841655626893]
[0.0005642162868753076]
[0.09147202223539352]
[0.07808467000722885]
[0.07986148446798325]
[0.022977525368332863]
[0.001969696721062064]
[0.0014666995266452432]
[0.045255426317453384]
[0.30933117866516113]
[0.024592993780970573]
[0.07607543468475342]
[0.03368106111884117]
[0.001715173595584929]
[0.1331850290298462]
[0.0695030465722084]
[0.007634255103766918]
[0.13274922966957092]
[0.0027999416925013065]
[0.0014844179386273026]
[0.0012169997207820415]
[0.0010197083465754986]
[0.045309048146009445]
[0.018239125609397888]
[0.17661385238170624]
[0.006957329344004393]
[0.1348354071378708]
[0.0013084503589197993]
[0.31402185559272766]
[0.0013972445158287883]
[0.003339055459946394]
[0.002059851074591279]
[0.0012911953963339329]
[0.012752308510243893]
[0.02329074591398239]
[0.1654197722673416]
[0.04522636905312538]
[0.01386942621320486]
[0.017200106754899025]
[0.030569767579436302]
[0.06904342770576477]
[0.04518134891986847]
[0.06271778792142868]
[0.37381935119628906]
[0.01497043389827013]
[0.0033716962207108736]
[0.15938431024551392]
[0.0032080679666250944]
[0.1933063119649887]
[0.015211634337902069]
[0.01547378022223711]
[0.004855178762227297]
[0.12145181745290756]
[0.0028141525108367205]
[0.005692068487405777]
[0.01291069108992815]
[0.04499270021915436]
[0.1100139245390892]
[0.0010783033212646842]
[0.07881046086549759]
[0.01502011064440012]
[0.5500075221061707]
[0.0965244323015213]
[0.002979682292789221]
[0.0019060400081798434]
[0.12792803347110748]
[0.12005985528230667]
[0.015637386590242386]
[0.003026343649253249]
[0.002869036514312029]
[0.11726859211921692]
[0.0448879711329937]
[0.0017320432234555483]
[0.003765769535675645]
[0.001827040920034051]
[0.0010837791487574577]
[0.04485965892672539]
[0.43235382437705994]
[0.044832609593868256]
[0.11560756713151932]
[0.044792599976062775]
[0.2980533540248871]
[0.07627478986978531]
[0.0031249418389052153]
[0.2717709243297577]
[0.0025481891352683306]
[0.034511689096689224]
[0.16892319917678833]
[0.0007264859159477055]
[0.00277211656793952]
[0.0017142519354820251]
[0.020136795938014984]
[0.010324448347091675]
[0.17521004378795624]
[0.012007179670035839]
[0.04462289437651634]
[0.0018788400338962674]
[0.04496964067220688]
[0.04459638521075249]
[0.017356447875499725]
[0.0799105241894722]
[0.0024434318765997887]
[0.001687158946879208]
[0.0024208026006817818]
[0.07408957183361053]
[0.03205935284495354]
[0.12726551294326782]
[0.04452797397971153]
[0.058361466974020004]
[0.0007922311197035015]
[0.018057221546769142]
[0.0022981297224760056]
[0.005011390428990126]
[0.003092673607170582]
[0.12418562918901443]
[0.0023901378735899925]
[0.002028148854151368]
[0.0062854294665157795]
[0.0022394326515495777]
[0.0022365672048181295]
[0.008090294897556305]
[0.0717497318983078]
[0.008366895839571953]
[0.0034016603603959084]
[0.1317651867866516]
[0.01276142243295908]
[0.04454199969768524]
[0.0016895233420655131]
[0.0011492798803374171]
[0.40687236189842224]
[0.01636592485010624]
[0.00629472266882658]
[0.04444924741983414]
[0.003563117003068328]
[0.5764477849006653]
[0.01675422675907612]
[0.004886264447122812]
[0.01582445204257965]
[0.0007014352595433593]
[0.0006011382793076336]
[0.0014725105138495564]
[0.14252585172653198]
[0.017526384443044662]
[0.04408583790063858]
[0.005623875185847282]
[0.007042254786938429]
[0.0006716055213473737]
[0.11884438246488571]
[0.026569604873657227]
[0.000594927987549454]
[0.005228626076132059]
[0.0016372944228351116]
[0.0019319303100928664]
[0.0658709928393364]
[0.007478003390133381]
[0.0385226234793663]
[0.01872473768889904]
[0.0017671599052846432]
[0.15213684737682343]
[0.023951753973960876]
[0.00044578424422070384]
[0.0003887453058268875]
[0.0015904167667031288]
[0.0004043894005008042]
[0.002511046826839447]
[0.13747958838939667]
[0.006204396486282349]
[0.04391159489750862]
[0.0024176035076379776]
[0.005717809312045574]
[0.00038280748412944376]
[0.00039101773290894926]
[0.008006801828742027]
[0.030711980536580086]
[0.0004765321791637689]
[0.07805673032999039]
[0.0036154137924313545]
[0.18841850757598877]
[0.0007598153315484524]
[0.0004033844161313027]
[0.07440730929374695]
[0.02372630126774311]
[0.0092279352247715]
[0.8476772308349609]
[0.025154681876301765]
[0.01323657389730215]
[0.0004637538513634354]
[0.026249604299664497]
[0.07693969458341599]
[0.004331565462052822]
[0.008811792358756065]
[0.002072213916108012]
[0.02772904559969902]
[0.15771366655826569]
[0.023300794884562492]
[0.00042552087688818574]
[0.0968344658613205]
[0.04968951269984245]
[0.0442841537296772]
[0.0004376929719001055]
[0.006946558132767677]
[0.0017210147343575954]
[0.0012456912081688643]
[0.13071908056735992]
[0.0004078284546267241]
[0.003051669802516699]
[0.006929665803909302]
[0.015917707234621048]
[0.0045161619782447815]
[0.08187535405158997]
[0.04440658539533615]
[0.0003578011819627136]
[0.022547652944922447]
[0.00030791477183811367]
[0.07817129045724869]
[0.0004861847555730492]
[0.07553400099277496]
[0.0223884005099535]
[0.001298842136748135]
[0.019230946898460388]
[0.0014394533354789019]
[0.00031319897971116006]
[0.11872062087059021]
[0.026906464248895645]
[0.0020327698439359665]
[0.2399614453315735]
[0.007482761051505804]
[0.0019466329831629992]
[0.13363470137119293]
[0.0002547154435887933]
[0.008635480888187885]
[0.10308421403169632]
[0.044530630111694336]
[0.01905176229774952]
[0.000993461930193007]
[0.01390119455754757]
[0.013339205645024776]
[0.11984165012836456]
[0.001923446310684085]
[0.044532228261232376]
[0.15998291969299316]
[0.00300148269161582]
[0.015923259779810905]
[0.0765669047832489]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.2767222821712494]
[0.0068684788420796394]
[0.0020807820837944746]
[0.0002859154774341732]
[0.00045229552779346704]
[0.044548988342285156]
[0.00021894823294132948]
[0.00027513960958458483]
[0.11241551488637924]
[0.0001885883539216593]
[0.07585568726062775]
[0.0016150684095919132]
[0.01698882132768631]
[0.6052425503730774]
[0.0026380522176623344]
[0.07846134155988693]
[0.04451606422662735]
[0.0002483440621290356]
[0.0016174326883628964]
[0.01717967540025711]
[0.04446191340684891]
[0.001589358551427722]
[0.020892983302474022]
[0.0003540635807439685]
[0.044407401233911514]
[0.014589901082217693]
[0.014809077605605125]
[0.04435316473245621]
[0.026834862306714058]
[0.008413371630012989]
[0.01811358518898487]
[0.0015696720220148563]
[0.15301036834716797]
[0.002060664352029562]
[0.01617496646940708]
[0.0026712343096733093]
[0.044211819767951965]
[0.017091013491153717]
[0.14800041913986206]
[0.014308923855423927]
[0.0005427135620266199]
[0.001765838242135942]
[0.016804656013846397]
[0.07643596827983856]
[0.07641132920980453]
[0.16177783906459808]
[0.0006506601930595934]
[0.011710425838828087]
[0.13990101218223572]
[0.07621514797210693]
[0.01717435196042061]
[0.014106236398220062]
[0.006256492808461189]
[0.0007415859145112336]
[0.0022926402743905783]
[0.012724013067781925]
[0.001309993676841259]
[0.010633341036736965]
[0.0005538430996239185]
[0.04418310150504112]
[0.025687703862786293]
[0.08050575107336044]
[0.001287478837184608]
[0.0014994315570220351]
[0.48728448152542114]
[0.22838737070560455]
[0.1517668515443802]
[0.08113381266593933]
[0.0013148847501724958]
[0.019349925220012665]
[0.19795331358909607]
[0.11908276379108429]
[0.10409238189458847]
[0.04411410167813301]
[0.004314491059631109]
[0.020272385329008102]
[0.14632348716259003]
[0.33937567472457886]
[0.0015987835358828306]
[0.4106750190258026]
[0.07577430456876755]
[0.0085222776979208]
[0.44856831431388855]
[0.43792974948883057]
[0.2823282480239868]
[0.006465028505772352]
[0.001110104494728148]
[0.06713970005512238]
[0.03362009674310684]
[0.24349156022071838]
[0.10562095046043396]
[0.002550723496824503]
[0.019191304221749306]
[0.06440100073814392]
[0.005182575434446335]
[0.025247294455766678]
[0.0009822743013501167]
[0.05184335634112358]
[0.018012873828411102]
[0.08707375824451447]
[0.006055744830518961]
[0.00828973576426506]
[0.0007056805770844221]
[0.16034410893917084]
[0.01592733897268772]
[0.02204017899930477]
[0.1264326125383377]
[0.054996561259031296]
[0.04393904656171799]
[0.014228415675461292]
[0.0006639794446527958]
[0.000701943994499743]
[0.12743106484413147]
[0.0008500441908836365]
[0.094178207218647]
[0.1487307995557785]
[0.0011882311664521694]
[0.0005580410361289978]
[0.0011518662795424461]
[0.07550841569900513]
[0.022907862439751625]
[0.0193934328854084]
[0.004862029105424881]
[0.0007775074918754399]
[0.015450435690581799]
[0.04399161785840988]
[0.0029481477104127407]
[0.002717654686421156]
[0.043993186205625534]
[0.09608688205480576]
[0.014730781316757202]
[0.0005235578864812851]
[0.001991935772821307]
[0.009136594831943512]
[0.009420866146683693]
[0.32060155272483826]
[0.07832972705364227]
[0.006258124019950628]
[0.012468832544982433]
[0.0021607279777526855]
[0.043962664902210236]
[0.008525645360350609]
[0.04394755885004997]
[0.0004326084745116532]
[0.0728900134563446]
[0.0012863792944699526]
[0.04756571352481842]
[0.003154315985739231]
[0.05685107782483101]
[0.001479001366533339]
[0.009410005994141102]
[0.010778745636343956]
[0.00910499133169651]
[0.0015489977085962892]
[0.005068748723715544]
[0.008808428421616554]
[0.0005799610516987741]
[0.0021289526484906673]
[0.08706580847501755]
[0.0003184661327395588]
[0.0004098792269360274]
[0.08791498094797134]
[0.015311521477997303]
[0.0038395030423998833]
[0.06937160342931747]
[0.05027458071708679]
[0.000782657996751368]
[0.1632494181394577]
[0.00035311904503032565]
[0.0007438883767463267]
[0.04388474300503731]
[0.07576488703489304]
[0.010927530936896801]
[0.0457792766392231]
[0.020178861916065216]
[0.002953180344775319]
[0.04385211318731308]
[0.012882943265140057]
[0.007101111579686403]
[0.006125939544290304]
[0.007742616347968578]
[0.0028530582785606384]
[0.002541228197515011]
[0.0024621617048978806]
[0.005744494963437319]
[0.005203855223953724]
[0.005400012247264385]
[0.004954890348017216]
[0.0025472757406532764]
[0.003393701044842601]
[0.004642008803784847]
[0.04383350536227226]
[0.18783189356327057]
[0.04382743686437607]
[0.002789529273286462]
[0.19418852031230927]
[0.002391286427155137]
[0.07745636999607086]
[0.1662609875202179]
[0.1348058432340622]
[0.0018724377732723951]
[0.001074940082617104]
[0.0009740110253915191]
[0.000941203732509166]
[0.0005980856367386878]
[0.002158836927264929]
[0.0021583419293165207]
[0.07561254501342773]
[0.07557965070009232]
[0.010726421140134335]
[0.0017947880551218987]
[0.047756295651197433]
[0.0023359807673841715]
[0.04357876256108284]
[0.005813338793814182]
[0.009721433743834496]
[0.001808234490454197]
[0.0021368819288909435]
[0.010757869109511375]
[0.0050857700407505035]
[0.04351365566253662]
[0.024720657616853714]
[0.03901609033346176]
[0.00866376981139183]
[0.000986774219200015]
[0.003275481518357992]
[0.002039040671661496]
[0.01583980955183506]
[0.09320913255214691]
[0.014430620707571507]
[0.02114664576947689]
[0.019382163882255554]
[0.01179561298340559]
[0.14846213161945343]
[0.000549638585653156]
[0.0014747193781659007]
[0.0013464443618431687]
[0.010461789555847645]
[0.0008894281345419586]
[0.0019095767056569457]
[0.002859413856640458]
[0.006908038631081581]
[0.0018182190833613276]
[0.0781371146440506]
[0.04354364424943924]
[0.0016282713040709496]
[0.04353572055697441]
[0.04352206364274025]
[0.0007300983997993171]
[0.0006067639915272593]
[0.0015351277543231845]
[0.0059812311083078384]
[0.13370735943317413]
[0.0005739772459492087]
[0.04340524598956108]
[0.11253233999013901]
[0.0004856678133364767]
[0.10185723006725311]
[0.1968928873538971]
[0.0005303435609675944]
[0.006447053048759699]
[0.011533801443874836]
[0.007169474381953478]
[0.0014740250771865249]
[0.0014923043781891465]
[0.0017026817658916116]
[0.04329601302742958]
[0.05522152781486511]
[0.04327043518424034]
[0.15165744721889496]
[0.014802008867263794]
[0.010198317468166351]
[0.05824698507785797]
[0.054655905812978745]
[0.7237692475318909]
[0.0029379972256720066]
[0.0006081059109419584]
[0.010855352506041527]
[0.04316370189189911]
[0.0016748281195759773]
[0.6329085826873779]
[0.009852917864918709]
[0.01686680130660534]
[0.07900339365005493]
[0.014115345664322376]
[0.04309865087270737]
[0.07854541391134262]
[0.0005754580488428473]
[0.1909089833498001]
[0.04303734004497528]
[0.01500293705612421]
[0.010547089390456676]
[0.0006935197161510587]
[0.014973444864153862]
[0.061352506279945374]
[0.0010186665458604693]
[0.04292900115251541]
[0.2656051516532898]
[0.29065507650375366]
[0.007845887914299965]
[0.0017860445659607649]
[0.24454493820667267]
[0.3272469639778137]
[0.07359413057565689]
[0.37626421451568604]
[0.10936856269836426]
[0.03739863261580467]
[0.28609931468963623]
[0.00332819577306509]
[0.008232887834310532]
[0.09620748460292816]
[0.01819053664803505]
[0.001831814064644277]
[0.23067881166934967]
[0.001851651119068265]
[0.4370661973953247]
[0.0019632563926279545]
[0.2031942754983902]
[0.005224136635661125]
[0.016903487965464592]
[0.014185242354869843]
[0.15564994513988495]
[0.17948827147483826]
[0.025497570633888245]
[0.04272899776697159]
[0.0036693376023322344]
[0.013688539154827595]
[0.011844947002828121]
[0.003036119043827057]
[0.0074524050578475]
[0.013177085667848587]
[0.003249725792557001]
[0.024545744061470032]
[0.14257313311100006]
[0.04279178008437157]
[0.0031120001804083586]
[0.05687915161252022]
[0.38936930894851685]
[0.27339622378349304]
[0.0017632808303460479]
[0.0015815396327525377]
[0.008211303502321243]
[0.002390076871961355]
[0.15513204038143158]
[0.003455033525824547]
[0.012441005557775497]
[0.037027619779109955]
[0.044583775103092194]
[0.0012607923708856106]
[0.045851558446884155]
[0.042009953409433365]
[0.001667611999437213]
[0.0016946829855442047]
[0.04686935991048813]
[0.0012346608564257622]
[0.004060245584696531]
[0.20960138738155365]
[0.016007987782359123]
[0.14235466718673706]
[0.002167132683098316]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created

[0.010300779715180397]
[0.463927298784256]
[0.07564974576234818]
[0.007889175787568092]
[0.08788108825683594]
[0.1121114045381546]
[0.08791282027959824]
[0.01611652411520481]
[0.0016875197179615498]
[0.07558535784482956]
[0.006497159134596586]
[0.07931539416313171]
[0.023444484919309616]
[0.023894695565104485]
[0.0009466370684094727]
[0.12224598973989487]
[0.11653763055801392]
[0.1157412976026535]
[0.04614923149347305]
[0.009837809950113297]
[0.014454459771513939]
[0.1356201320886612]
[0.017772894352674484]
[0.04317577928304672]
[0.0010258479742333293]
[0.23654860258102417]
[0.07520049810409546]
[0.0050421529449522495]
[0.19513793289661407]
[0.023094620555639267]
[0.0218210406601429]
[0.016597896814346313]
[0.09943784773349762]
[0.006789950653910637]
[0.0037185463588684797]
[0.12934990227222443]
[0.5787408947944641]
[0.002634927397593856]
[0.011684686876833439]
[0.016229644417762756]
[0.005705305375158787]
[0.04324524477124214]
[0.1666138619184494]
[0.012019054032862186]
[0.012213235720992088]
[0.001452452503144741]
[0.000822911795694381]
[0.007205911912024021]
[0.0008000670932233334]
[0.00968349352478981]
[0.05906878411769867]
[0.011151386424899101]
[0.003571784822270274]
[0.005624688696116209]
[0.04500697925686836]
[0.003166661597788334]
[0.002821371890604496]
[0.2710363566875458]
[0.16909320652484894]
[0.008090467192232609]
[0.38521653413772583]
[0.04398888722062111]
[0.07506034523248672]
[0.00821564719080925]
[0.009048608131706715]
[0.007990485988557339]
[0.02236052043735981]
[0.04311477765440941]
[0.08937504887580872]
[0.0036411231849342585]
[0.257333368062973]
[0.14225061237812042]
[0.07498794794082642]
[0.0471939817070961]
[0.11743484437465668]
[0.11041604727506638]
[0.0043915314599871635]
[0.007712715771049261]
[0.07486630231142044]
[0.007546707987785339]
[0.26766297221183777]
[0.1256568878889084]
[0.08640119433403015]
[0.005416686646640301]
[0.16526828706264496]
[0.005386697128415108]
[0.012783698737621307]
[0.40429064631462097]
[0.007118866313248873]
[0.005568498745560646]
[0.015916302800178528]
[0.00231993873603642]
[0.0012983502820134163]
[0.0017654694383963943]
[0.0016006934456527233]
[0.004579399712383747]
[0.016300518065690994]
[0.1714283525943756]
[0.003351811785250902]
[0.012732872739434242]
[0.00757972477003932]
[0.013643697835505009]
[0.0010270382044836879]
[0.0027536756824702024]
[0.09679607301950455]
[0.0017382275545969605]
[0.00370186660438776]
[0.003183226566761732]
[0.04347221553325653]
[0.0006579949986189604]
[0.0030630743131041527]
[0.20832552015781403]
[0.019301414489746094]
[0.011493268422782421]
[0.01794353686273098]
[0.001763403881341219]
[0.013942325487732887]
[0.08118941634893417]
[0.009053579531610012]
[0.0034309937618672848]
[0.10259559005498886]
[0.0022913890425115824]
[0.006208242382854223]
[0.006822757888585329]
[0.01571473479270935]
[0.0020007260609418154]
[0.0006124934297986329]
[0.0026083365082740784]
[0.0005082734278403223]
[0.09078965336084366]
[0.0019282688153907657]
[0.0020106860902160406]
[0.001841129851527512]
[0.03174756094813347]
[0.005344530567526817]
[0.012053431011736393]
[0.07339224964380264]
[0.006711882539093494]
[0.09299062937498093]
[0.003841330762952566]
[0.07048813253641129]
[0.007564079016447067]
[0.0005020321696065366]
[0.23494644463062286]
[0.8512753248214722]
[0.08740351349115372]
[0.004983091726899147]
[0.0007670019404031336]
[0.13338609039783478]
[0.6023334264755249]
[0.005183395929634571]
[0.009277992881834507]
[0.07622939348220825]
[0.011542219668626785]
[0.0017111930064857006]
[0.0010439379839226604]
[0.23851215839385986]
[0.004562071058899164]
[0.0015723519027233124]
[0.028235454112291336]
[0.07411148399114609]
[0.015010728500783443]
[0.1174662858247757]
[0.04630511254072189]
[0.02396337501704693]
[0.49096953868865967]
[0.0759282261133194]
[0.004336907994002104]
[0.04396459087729454]
[0.030704844743013382]
[0.03241216763854027]
[0.0332280658185482]
[0.06914422661066055]
[0.0439671128988266]
[0.0011873302282765508]
[0.04395017772912979]
[0.12231607735157013]
[0.03698255494236946]
[0.07913582026958466]
[0.0010044394293799996]
[0.07368540018796921]
[0.02002154104411602]
[0.0011011608876287937]
[0.16457203030586243]
[0.0029020430520176888]
[0.03792271763086319]
[0.2260662019252777]
[0.04385988786816597]
[0.01717212051153183]
[0.022636109963059425]
[0.07840196788311005]
[0.3338920474052429]
[0.018573572859168053]
[0.16881470382213593]
[0.019686909392476082]
[0.0091539416462183]
[0.13449065387248993]
[0.0026934288907796144]
[0.023921992629766464]
[0.0005221260944381356]
[0.03030291385948658]
[0.003057864960283041]
[0.0007671141065657139]
[0.0007583019323647022]
[0.0007611208129674196]
[0.04714225232601166]
[0.015913300216197968]
[0.002490651560947299]
[0.04381106421351433]
[0.001795732183381915]
[0.20401838421821594]
[0.44943222403526306]
[0.3607386648654938]
[0.0013349666260182858]
[0.024075599387288094]
[0.004020002670586109]
[0.015596109442412853]
[0.13197505474090576]
[0.04370822384953499]
[0.01942472904920578]
[0.011295017786324024]
[0.0038146539591252804]
[0.0436660498380661]
[0.11273452639579773]
[0.043637100607156754]
[0.043615397065877914]
[0.12008532881736755]
[0.014331506565213203]
[0.06137951463460922]
[0.004219111520797014]
[0.003931255545467138]
[0.04784633219242096]
[0.001804517349228263]
[0.0031736036762595177]
[0.0020704756025224924]
[0.007551976479589939]
[0.0031197327189147472]
[0.009821668267250061]
[0.0030133994296193123]
[0.006778356619179249]
[0.07610613107681274]
[0.001800277503207326]
[0.12922760844230652]
[0.001984158530831337]
[0.007257199380546808]
[0.003031671280041337]
[0.007787705864757299]
[0.15910139679908752]
[0.007513301447033882]
[0.0029978237580507994]
[0.0434894859790802]
[0.004427103791385889]
[0.0011512660421431065]
[0.0038655761163681746]
[0.0017798006301745772]
[0.002271532081067562]
[0.007941816002130508]
[0.006474504247307777]
[0.0021756356582045555]
[0.0028862315230071545]
[0.022765614092350006]
[0.004904341883957386]
[0.0028796123806387186]
[0.0034649602603167295]
[0.0010101691586896777]
[0.0017473826883360744]
[0.0017358111217617989]
[0.0019200603710487485]
[0.00413524778559804]
[0.004272203892469406]
[0.0032727366778999567]
[0.0007421554764732718]
[0.18761511147022247]
[0.0049656531773507595]
[0.007182230241596699]
[0.0013752292143180966]
[0.005896208807826042]
[0.01786457933485508]
[0.27932941913604736]
[0.11983687430620193]
[0.10626823455095291]
[0.12390638142824173]
[0.04368606582283974]
[0.0063745020888745785]
[0.014772392809391022]
[0.0018713863100856543]
[0.12039279192686081]
[0.0038406753446906805]
[0.0022092871367931366]
[0.0029647278133779764]
[0.009792703203856945]
[0.0013384929625317454]
[0.05315509811043739]
[0.20877817273139954]
[0.011309697292745113]
[0.043719399720430374]
[0.4199712872505188]
[0.003746126079931855]
[0.011848253197968006]
[0.009747212752699852]
[0.018722085282206535]
[0.022059744223952293]
[0.015346813946962357]
[0.15163207054138184]
[0.00215846742503345]
[0.0797237828373909]
[0.008134334348142147]
[0.004992505069822073]
[0.015096599236130714]
[0.0032384288497269154]
[0.0011286496883258224]
[0.011991351842880249]
[0.01175110787153244]
[0.002108394866809249]
[0.36418965458869934]
[0.0437355563044548]
[0.18647509813308716]
[0.012283877469599247]
[0.005727599374949932]
[0.001051975996233523]
[0.374398797750473]
[0.10297830402851105]
[0.0010296556865796447]
[0.0030437440145760775]
[0.03490053117275238]
[0.0029842404183000326]
[0.03827797621488571]
[0.04364766925573349]
[0.1445644348859787]
[0.00162648840341717]
[0.0062913899309933186]
[0.0045679472386837006]
[0.04505697637796402]
[0.0032578527461737394]
[0.04359082877635956]
[0.003237150376662612]
[0.002245815936475992]
[0.0020278485026210546]
[0.13196174800395966]
[0.45047464966773987]
[0.0019323447486385703]
[0.0031537977047264576]
[0.043536871671676636]
[0.008230120874941349]
[0.2119201272726059]
[0.1056874543428421]
[0.005367802456021309]
[0.20270749926567078]
[0.001733755343593657]
[0.034701693803071976]
[0.09040871262550354]
[0.0669349655508995]
[0.11977388709783554]
[0.006698716431856155]
[0.043349575251340866]
[0.008085807785391808]
[0.010361960157752037]
[0.0020000736694782972]
[0.0021005121525377035]
[0.0034744953736662865]
[0.0432363860309124]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.011836559511721134]
[0.0037604887038469315]
[0.32804247736930847]
[0.013152934610843658]
[0.12238818407058716]
[0.0032032951712608337]
[0.0036607824731618166]
[0.002427105326205492]
[0.0012594369472935796]
[0.08428674936294556]
[0.19400911033153534]
[0.043159496039152145]
[0.014398482628166676]
[0.043143391609191895]
[0.005943954456597567]
[0.07737787067890167]
[0.14995983242988586]
[0.07395985722541809]
[0.4500112235546112]
[0.1336068958044052]
[0.09619387984275818]
[0.058134179562330246]
[0.0017560577252879739]
[0.08053159713745117]
[0.005925259552896023]
[0.018852626904845238]
[0.036250337958335876]
[0.0012133135460317135]
[0.0030804374255239964]
[0.0024472596123814583]
[0.00597036350518465]
[0.05758467689156532]
[0.043166741728782654]
[0.08399412781000137]
[0.12149939686059952]
[0.012941312976181507]
[0.04316306486725807]
[0.34297817945480347]
[0.012901348061859608]
[0.36994194984436035]
[0.016306865960359573]
[0.005910620559006929]
[0.0027162092737853527]
[0.020035285502672195]
[0.0011715567670762539]
[0.27683600783348083]
[0.023042049258947372]
[0.001838254975154996]
[0.0033594085834920406]
[0.1747744381427765]
[0.016369178891181946]
[0.004822973161935806]
[0.016652900725603104]
[0.2339784950017929]
[0.12445320188999176]
[0.22831188142299652]
[0.15391860902309418]
[0.04314429685473442]
[0.1036720871925354]
[0.1498810201883316]
[0.0017788965487852693]
[0.005928090773522854]
[0.11345522105693817]
[0.001480781938880682]
[0.04314413666725159]
[0.004384452011436224]
[0.049179449677467346]
[0.19122114777565002]
[0.043122678995132446]
[0.1430899202823639]
[0.0010370179079473019]
[0.5758868455886841]
[0.07391359657049179]
[0.022824840620160103]
[0.002593857701867819]
[0.0017793026054278016]
[0.03381941094994545]
[0.0013096174225211143]
[0.13363054394721985]
[0.07383428514003754]
[0.010964503511786461]
[0.005420300178229809]
[0.0010607672156766057]
[0.004557664040476084]
[0.0029301163740456104]
[0.001493105897679925]
[0.0033295208122581244]
[0.1910901665687561]
[0.032170284539461136]
[0.005169267766177654]
[0.04299025610089302]
[0.003018495161086321]
[0.0031867644283920527]
[0.400760293006897]
[0.15568719804286957]
[0.0017772993305698037]
[0.0025713786017149687]
[0.11475672572851181]
[0.037205521017313004]
[0.04952196776866913]
[0.09113896638154984]
[0.001318598398938775]
[0.002225518459454179]
[0.0017891082679852843]
[0.04301180690526962]
[0.002304223831743002]
[0.1419965773820877]
[0.09012399613857269]
[0.529288113117218]
[0.0017684416379779577]
[0.07359544932842255]
[0.006779066286981106]
[0.002789944177493453]
[0.07354273647069931]
[0.0014517579693347216]
[0.04301285743713379]
[0.11400090157985687]
[0.10466687381267548]
[0.3163987696170807]
[0.02407577820122242]
[0.10435442626476288]
[0.001332798507064581]
[0.0018961760215461254]
[0.001619164482690394]
[0.001784137450158596]
[0.7608847618103027]
[0.04299989342689514]
[0.0018697057384997606]
[0.07775282114744186]
[0.019449997693300247]
[0.060773301869630814]
[0.0017826576950028539]
[0.0018040708964690566]
[0.07334337383508682]
[0.0429488942027092]
[0.04340125247836113]
[0.6536819934844971]
[0.0011564057786017656]
[0.015254799276590347]
[0.0016405037604272366]
[0.11345624178647995]
[0.0017574494704604149]
[0.04291246831417084]
[0.0016717431135475636]
[0.0020635812543332577]
[0.04288734868168831]
[0.1564103066921234]
[0.0018473502714186907]
[0.41022124886512756]
[0.5373730659484863]
[0.0011003133840858936]
[0.04278062656521797]
[0.09329583495855331]
[0.0029290805105119944]
[0.051123056560754776]
[0.8163206577301025]
[0.36362311244010925]
[0.07664982974529266]
[0.07402754575014114]
[0.13512276113033295]
[0.06583763659000397]
[0.030925024300813675]
[0.0426643081009388]
[0.04265323653817177]
[0.005373948719352484]
[0.0257203858345747]
[0.010656100697815418]
[0.07340771704912186]
[0.06780798733234406]
[0.005420840345323086]
[0.014712338335812092]
[0.10767275094985962]
[0.002909738337621093]
[0.012290419079363346]
[0.04257804527878761]
[0.003941953647881746]
[0.1808738261461258]
[0.03275454416871071]
[0.01971878856420517]
[0.018726015463471413]
[0.48425766825675964]
[0.16513104736804962]
[0.07020064443349838]
[0.0035886489786207676]
[0.24016569554805756]
[0.07700779289007187]
[0.0058058155700564384]
[0.13023699820041656]
[0.13286364078521729]
[0.0024000233970582485]
[0.004130239598453045]
[0.002709523541852832]
[0.009210491552948952]
[0.0058835344389081]
[0.0936775803565979]
[0.0036330202128738165]
[0.0202922560274601]
[0.17564165592193604]
[0.27473023533821106]
[0.0020354376174509525]
[0.006970210466533899]
[0.02786162681877613]
[0.006491892505437136]
[0.0044380007311701775]
[0.13047951459884644]
[0.003491608425974846]
[0.03947703540325165]
[0.015031388029456139]
[0.08233919739723206]
[0.014468683861196041]
[0.004210256971418858]
[0.0014250949025154114]
[0.21861766278743744]
[0.11948000639677048]
[0.012232259847223759]
[0.008851295337080956]
[0.04269874095916748]
[0.042701009660959244]
[0.017084915190935135]
[0.024009549990296364]
[0.0018229592824354768]
[0.01282082311809063]
[0.3026616871356964]
[0.004390200134366751]
[0.08055642247200012]
[0.11553952097892761]
[0.0578158013522625]
[0.06645435094833374]
[0.5665324926376343]
[0.0025065788067877293]
[0.0014775970485061407]
[0.012782996520400047]
[0.0080656623467803]
[0.13841861486434937]
[0.008740476332604885]
[2.2114717960357666]
[0.09137486666440964]
[0.005571986548602581]
[0.0037682224065065384]
[0.04267682880163193]
[0.04265248402953148]
[0.002046240260824561]
[0.0023763240315020084]
[0.09138656407594681]
[0.22174693644046783]
[0.0789402648806572]
[0.08701810985803604]
[0.0551389642059803]
[0.04249343276023865]
[0.0023861555382609367]
[0.17129433155059814]
[0.0025750130880624056]
[1.1051063537597656]
[0.06743832677602768]
[0.002497126581147313]
[0.030632739886641502]
[0.03255569189786911]
[0.15202899277210236]
[0.07789361476898193]
[0.0024096935521811247]
[0.0034454904962331057]
[0.12021908164024353]
[0.04640479013323784]
[0.16188479959964752]
[0.5415592789649963]
[0.008521424606442451]
[0.04247447848320007]
[0.0017716437578201294]
[0.12164965271949768]
[0.671695351600647]
[0.00481795659288764]
[0.004495943896472454]
[0.018290625885128975]
[0.0035260298755019903]
[0.007781084161251783]
[0.005291708745062351]
[0.002649176400154829]
[0.0034073390997946262]
[0.004193960689008236]
[0.001759345643222332]
[0.042581938207149506]
[0.002148674102500081]
[0.0022675348445773125]
[0.09810882806777954]
[0.01786729134619236]
[0.05336914211511612]
[0.01264950167387724]
[0.09339452534914017]
[0.02774394117295742]
[0.10098292678594589]
[0.008797068148851395]
[0.0019297131802886724]
[0.030949369072914124]
[0.002489368664100766]
[0.004844031296670437]
[0.01719796657562256]
[0.0017320753540843725]
[0.002238941378891468]
[0.11281351000070572]
[0.002772336592897773]
[0.01645353063941002]
[0.0030670808628201485]
[0.00310864532366395]
[0.01602492295205593]
[0.04286110773682594]
[0.01480941567569971]
[0.013140321709215641]
[0.07020069658756256]
[0.008753466419875622]
[0.011945920065045357]
[0.0036458352115005255]
[0.0072554899379611015]
[0.044974494725465775]
[0.003760670777410269]
[0.010228392668068409]
[0.023487966507673264]
[0.010433304123580456]
[0.006737259682267904]
[0.0033544853795319796]
[0.012188069522380829]
[0.2981048822402954]
[0.06144438683986664]
[0.014301159419119358]
[0.0026331963017582893]
[0.0009987392695620656]
[0.005810859147459269]
[0.0018288354622200131]
[0.0030056750401854515]
[0.0025746941100806]
[0.15824086964130402]
[0.0016980936052277684]
[0.0035961151588708162]
[0.005835128482431173]
[0.0036058828700333834]
[0.006507112178951502]
[0.003310249652713537]
[0.04245704039931297]
[0.07650595158338547]
[0.018565239384770393]
[0.005855705589056015]
[0.1502734273672104]
[0.043153367936611176]
[0.0011377509217709303]
[0.017783191055059433]
[0.004836861975491047]
[0.0038707153871655464]
[0.3791784346103668]
[0.0017455224879086018]
[0.017717478796839714]
[0.07412710040807724]
[0.0029351571574807167]
[0.0017478163354098797]
[0.15408921241760254]
[0.11186103522777557]
[0.381648451089859]
[0.04309672489762306]
[0.027412211522459984]
[0.004318730439990759]
[0.0033389979507774115]
[0.009146859869360924]
[0.010413319803774357]
[0.006513325497508049]
[0.18758828938007355]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.06879962235689163]
[0.004459858406335115]
[0.0021213190630078316]
[0.09117719531059265]
[0.1255672425031662]
[0.07402437925338745]
[0.005698580294847488]
[0.00470383558422327]
[0.003083024872466922]
[0.012240545824170113]
[0.006806494668126106]
[0.006657523103058338]
[0.09632822871208191]
[0.0015281109372153878]
[0.04326503351330757]
[0.001248353742994368]
[0.0033947890624403954]
[0.0910181924700737]
[0.00291627855040133]
[0.001885760691948235]
[0.09944184124469757]
[0.21907950937747955]
[0.0015230784192681313]
[0.00735573610290885]
[0.19441960752010345]
[0.009316294454038143]
[0.006548474542796612]
[0.019439755007624626]
[0.00171660166233778]
[0.0034142627846449614]
[0.004813474602997303]
[0.0017122887074947357]
[0.07056907564401627]
[0.004430246539413929]
[0.043466754257678986]
[0.021228620782494545]
[0.07366954535245895]
[0.10439597070217133]
[0.003940827678889036]
[0.003966622985899448]
[0.1740613579750061]
[0.0434681735932827]
[0.006135587114840746]
[0.005057571921497583]
[0.0057670040987432]
[0.00185123470146209]
[0.20646905899047852]
[0.04606500640511513]
[0.009529728442430496]
[0.006007961463183165]
[0.006884595844894648]
[0.0336604081094265]
[0.0015958668664097786]
[0.0018427957547828555]
[0.0016469991533085704]
[0.007213518023490906]
[0.005288107320666313]
[0.013655844144523144]
[0.04353826865553856]
[0.009880411438643932]
[0.006691393908113241]
[0.005593867506831884]
[0.0011855547782033682]
[0.004766620229929686]
[0.013376424089074135]
[0.0017036444041877985]
[0.00238999305292964]
[0.010108429938554764]
[0.00572325149551034]
[0.008475145325064659]
[0.03938096761703491]
[0.009720925241708755]
[0.005410137586295605]
[0.004230809397995472]
[0.0044053588062524796]
[0.09087508171796799]
[0.09979672729969025]
[0.0016188123263418674]
[0.002488543279469013]
[0.009098321199417114]
[0.11671093851327896]
[0.07407192885875702]
[0.0016138163628056645]
[0.045058201998472214]
[0.005068052560091019]
[0.0038934359326958656]
[0.00533241406083107]
[0.04375866428017616]
[0.0018785035936161876]
[0.0760163962841034]
[0.043761447072029114]
[0.02838897705078125]
[0.20807260274887085]
[0.015233366750180721]
[0.07386070489883423]
[0.07382003962993622]
[0.012454969808459282]
[0.0104519072920084]
[0.6067154407501221]
[0.008770986460149288]
[0.0009548506350256503]
[0.0009516893187537789]
[0.0437895730137825]
[0.0012472118251025677]
[0.3251841068267822]
[0.001215377589687705]
[0.010009373538196087]
[0.043766237795352936]
[0.0037421556189656258]
[0.00397828733548522]
[0.16025766730308533]
[0.013184105977416039]
[0.0010562590323388577]
[0.015381754375994205]
[0.01470226515084505]
[0.0009831518400460482]
[0.04462532699108124]
[0.004002689383924007]
[0.01048637367784977]
[0.009941506199538708]
[0.0016554786125198007]
[0.010964649729430676]
[0.0016708149341866374]
[0.5519351363182068]
[0.001673840917646885]
[0.0016640742542222142]
[0.21553634107112885]
[0.0033184511121362448]
[0.0019236227963119745]
[0.0023771622218191624]
[0.005989068187773228]
[0.001826469786465168]
[0.0016056285239756107]
[0.00145813450217247]
[0.20552660524845123]
[0.0031058681197464466]
[0.010338762775063515]
[0.10355410724878311]
[0.002935713157057762]
[0.0412408821284771]
[0.0017490419559180737]
[0.0083715645596385]
[0.04368148744106293]
[0.0017236791318282485]
[0.025498686358332634]
[0.003905293997377157]
[0.008979061618447304]
[0.003950317390263081]
[0.0028121715877205133]
[0.006754416041076183]
[0.1388651430606842]
[0.13457714021205902]
[0.009921852499246597]
[0.0052167498506605625]
[0.015064973384141922]
[0.005336184985935688]
[0.06770456582307816]
[0.0026964505668729544]
[0.0960361585021019]
[0.009714032523334026]
[0.00630444148555398]
[0.011644951067864895]
[0.04374437779188156]
[0.0033811202738434076]
[0.004378993064165115]
[0.08806205540895462]
[0.006219310685992241]
[0.004622346721589565]
[0.023988215252757072]
[0.04373724386096001]
[0.007980464026331902]
[0.0642230436205864]
[0.012857700698077679]
[0.08356323093175888]
[0.2747310996055603]
[0.00276534678414464]
[0.04372848942875862]
[0.17372070252895355]
[0.08406304568052292]
[0.22846588492393494]
[0.08766103535890579]
[0.17061425745487213]
[0.0015596146695315838]
[0.0744042843580246]
[0.002002073684707284]
[0.006125207990407944]
[0.002010172000154853]
[0.004227994009852409]
[0.0069082085974514484]
[0.1468394249677658]
[0.001859619515016675]
[0.38958480954170227]
[0.004953518509864807]
[0.050493039190769196]
[0.05246678367257118]
[0.04376771301031113]
[0.02708648517727852]
[0.4194657504558563]
[1.001827597618103]
[0.0015724864788353443]
[0.025319702923297882]
[0.0017614440293982625]
[0.001793248695321381]
[0.14030608534812927]
[0.0014309114776551723]
[0.005141826346516609]
[0.0017879247898235917]
[0.0015796930529177189]
[0.0030966720078140497]
[0.1707327514886856]
[0.07724514603614807]
[0.0015867430483922362]
[0.0011337031610310078]
[0.001126173767261207]
[0.008917673490941525]
[0.03143490478396416]
[0.0015827572206035256]
[0.012521986849606037]
[0.01722482033073902]
[0.013966263271868229]
[0.0017674955306574702]
[0.00853074062615633]
[0.0010075061582028866]
[0.011181425303220749]
[0.020568663254380226]
[0.07403914630413055]
[0.03771486133337021]
[1.0022802352905273]
[0.1081957221031189]
[0.007196748163551092]
[0.0010568841826170683]
[0.003171586664393544]
[0.0010122805833816528]
[0.028619831427931786]
[0.001095200190320611]
[0.3081599175930023]
[0.0014785097446292639]
[0.37077823281288147]
[0.04383529722690582]
[0.5056424736976624]
[0.3514428734779358]
[0.005911125335842371]
[0.013293900527060032]
[0.0014645804185420275]
[0.002786152996122837]
[0.04385516047477722]
[0.007116368506103754]
[0.024727215990424156]
[0.10160183906555176]
[0.5299632549285889]
[0.04065994918346405]
[0.05325736477971077]
[0.0015482959570363164]
[0.08582308888435364]
[0.0013026137603446841]
[0.18230576813220978]
[0.6108798980712891]
[0.04388436675071716]
[0.33242127299308777]
[0.026539241895079613]
[0.0014527313178405166]
[0.037850506603717804]
[0.013130243867635727]
[0.037324219942092896]
[0.1809956580400467]
[0.13522301614284515]
[0.14624613523483276]
[0.09757877141237259]
[0.02966615930199623]
[0.20652496814727783]
[0.0011114166118204594]
[0.0008835633634589612]
[0.1264188140630722]
[0.0007756099803373218]
[0.0007902838988229632]
[0.0008364414679817855]
[0.0007834326243028045]
[0.0053163678385317326]
[0.009228449314832687]
[0.00328186247497797]
[0.02720211073756218]
[0.002403000369668007]
[0.13667157292366028]
[0.48241478204727173]
[0.003401992842555046]
[0.005045329220592976]
[0.020727097988128662]
[0.021633392199873924]
[0.003021256299689412]
[0.018779480829834938]
[0.002379559213295579]
[0.010208364576101303]
[0.0271709393709898]
[0.02571803331375122]
[0.0014526343438774347]
[0.014416721649467945]
[0.026773938909173012]
[0.0004502110241446644]
[0.003033434972167015]
[0.007564312778413296]
[0.009923462755978107]
[0.04377797618508339]
[0.2938939332962036]
[0.04377121105790138]
[0.009872280061244965]
[0.003552918089553714]
[0.03667137771844864]
[0.008430332876741886]
[0.04372077435255051]
[0.09076148271560669]
[0.002517057117074728]
[0.0008189126383513212]
[0.19001328945159912]
[0.02595885843038559]
[0.0006509821978397667]
[0.08657632768154144]
[0.1022525429725647]
[0.15608499944210052]
[0.0032332316040992737]
[0.012616246938705444]
[0.28077271580696106]
[0.010306400246918201]
[0.00143149693030864]
[0.0012645217357203364]
[0.0004960290971212089]
[0.0008268108940683305]
[0.08976268023252487]
[0.04368482157588005]
[0.0139285484328866]
[0.4923352897167206]
[0.0016780949663370848]
[0.006645212881267071]
[0.0059574623592197895]
[0.0008255742723122239]
[0.07403110712766647]
[0.00302575109526515]
[0.0007461922359652817]
[0.0007849850226193666]
[0.10041343420743942]
[0.0023611383512616158]
[0.04364309832453728]
[0.0014331259299069643]
[0.0007511175354011357]
[0.0031894692219793797]
[0.02147240936756134]
[0.023888010531663895]
[0.011625584214925766]
[0.0436076745390892]
[0.07375703006982803]
[0.008064165711402893]
[0.0038686415646225214]
[0.010791889391839504]
[0.0006729337619617581]
[0.0006839351262897253]
[0.007208458613604307]
[0.05860544741153717]
[0.0023123156279325485]
[0.0010258969850838184]
[0.04356492683291435]
[0.0008605667972005904]
[0.007414951920509338]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0020340976770967245]
[0.0028196247294545174]
[0.04351944103837013]
[0.001407531788572669]
[0.0008149726199917495]
[0.04488658905029297]
[0.0012437965488061309]
[0.016033591702580452]
[0.007420239504426718]
[0.013077926822006702]
[0.13303755223751068]
[0.0007425721851177514]
[0.004961535334587097]
[0.0006913638790138066]
[0.0025905112270265818]
[0.0011616008123382926]
[0.0049565378576517105]
[0.004777288995683193]
[0.1344159096479416]
[0.0030706962570548058]
[0.006159874610602856]
[0.0006943685584701598]
[0.0032160934060811996]
[0.0015720553928986192]
[0.0008129483321681619]
[0.0007895402377471328]
[0.5434060096740723]
[0.0007409827667288482]
[0.304532527923584]
[0.004117013420909643]
[0.01166677474975586]
[0.07382124662399292]
[0.03218824788928032]
[0.0023712548427283764]
[0.44157731533050537]
[0.04343193396925926]
[0.04146547242999077]
[0.032835230231285095]
[0.019523505121469498]
[0.0006612772704102099]
[0.02488434873521328]
[0.0031245043501257896]
[0.00828066747635603]
[0.022097555920481682]
[0.0027570731472223997]
[0.004789712838828564]
[0.043289441615343094]
[0.1943027824163437]
[0.0006769329775124788]
[0.015878546983003616]
[0.012822751887142658]
[0.0010417756857350469]
[0.0009749729069881141]
[0.0006455843686126173]
[0.03119189478456974]
[0.119354747235775]
[0.0013352431124076247]
[0.00521857151761651]
[0.07062780857086182]
[0.000631105387583375]
[0.10100190341472626]
[0.0006452201050706208]
[0.0021800838876515627]
[0.0010908959666267037]
[0.21120372414588928]
[0.0009384189615957439]
[0.1849571019411087]
[0.002915714168921113]
[0.05741404369473457]
[0.07684443145990372]
[0.09028598666191101]
[0.04328027367591858]
[0.034384019672870636]
[0.06118505820631981]
[0.007768767420202494]
[0.017642803490161896]
[0.0014700271422043443]
[0.0016631392063573003]
[0.0012193525908514857]
[0.0046433256939053535]
[0.05784662812948227]
[0.11524531245231628]
[0.0015183589421212673]
[0.010501560755074024]
[0.11606273055076599]
[0.076476089656353]
[0.1064242348074913]
[0.006038089282810688]
[0.08374830335378647]
[0.003794122254475951]
[0.0037670405581593513]
[0.0014310707338154316]
[0.0014369254931807518]
[0.0016202065162360668]
[0.07610183954238892]
[0.0014153276570141315]
[0.005095554981380701]
[0.0036297955084592104]
[0.0018417941173538566]
[0.17064249515533447]
[0.20203882455825806]
[0.0019083162769675255]
[0.003158995183184743]
[0.04346200078725815]
[0.003368913196027279]
[0.14319264888763428]
[0.0016107528936117887]
[0.0034483522176742554]
[0.04343307390809059]
[0.05551423132419586]
[0.15852761268615723]
[0.0033332116436213255]
[0.30177798867225647]
[0.2908356189727783]
[0.04339064285159111]
[0.0019135428592562675]
[0.0010371726239100099]
[0.013626663945615292]
[0.0066178934648633]
[0.003599809482693672]
[0.0032991329208016396]
[1.1372677087783813]
[0.001912932493723929]
[0.003342111362144351]
[0.0024374807253479958]
[0.3174869418144226]
[0.0014916665386408567]
[0.02263833023607731]
[0.043233223259449005]
[0.0019881404004991055]
[0.715319812297821]
[0.014495513401925564]
[0.0016744771273806691]
[0.003171273274347186]
[0.445036381483078]
[0.34493473172187805]
[0.001482925727032125]
[0.003020418342202902]
[0.004270544275641441]
[0.019962778314948082]
[0.07464127987623215]
[0.744458019733429]
[0.0014651714591309428]
[0.07449430972337723]
[0.019121086224913597]
[0.5292541980743408]
[0.0008711726404726505]
[0.012058103457093239]
[0.0014305971562862396]
[0.009152504615485668]
[0.018113628029823303]
[0.24960917234420776]
[0.013305677101016045]
[0.0015992711996659636]
[0.0032300781458616257]
[0.27340295910835266]
[0.5457022190093994]
[0.15595778822898865]
[0.017136160284280777]
[0.22821488976478577]
[0.002368615008890629]
[0.0032970465254038572]
[0.001985260285437107]
[0.002985795959830284]
[0.04336134344339371]
[0.043349504470825195]
[0.043328747153282166]
[0.0018715601181611419]
[0.001669501536525786]
[0.0026774979196488857]
[0.0036331848241388798]
[0.0013387729413807392]
[0.002965414896607399]
[0.003040461568161845]
[0.17266233265399933]
[0.003057711524888873]
[0.0018976175924763083]
[0.43879833817481995]
[0.0029323487542569637]
[0.001382246962748468]
[0.0015955183189362288]
[0.7044118642807007]
[0.04323548451066017]
[0.0030336391646414995]
[0.07468801736831665]
[0.026265518739819527]
[0.026392972096800804]
[0.008196225389838219]
[0.29087409377098083]
[0.0011502758134156466]
[0.0030449361074715853]
[0.0014150332426652312]
[0.03632209077477455]
[0.004028087481856346]
[0.002462466014549136]
[0.0059308502823114395]
[0.04332437366247177]
[0.07454884052276611]
[0.18140584230422974]
[0.0010221785632893443]
[0.0006266646669246256]
[0.001583149190992117]
[0.0009744215058162808]
[0.0075361295603215694]
[0.04332607612013817]
[0.0006483345641754568]
[0.09563858062028885]
[0.022164512425661087]
[0.012652289122343063]
[0.0009432326769456267]
[0.0006704567349515855]
[0.0011110160266980529]
[0.01096181757748127]
[0.01012704148888588]
[0.043296340852975845]
[0.001971654826775193]
[0.0037025355268269777]
[0.0432748980820179]
[0.0005699402536265552]
[0.017206965014338493]
[0.0008343410445377231]
[0.006017643958330154]
[0.15931442379951477]
[0.001989403273910284]
[0.5473393797874451]
[0.04321223124861717]
[0.26700708270072937]
[0.003011066233739257]
[0.07545916736125946]
[0.07545176148414612]
[0.1182064563035965]
[0.0022125225514173508]
[0.0027043097652494907]
[0.0753859356045723]
[0.01913701742887497]
[0.022604523226618767]
[0.09739706665277481]
[0.2872214615345001]
[0.0012999145546928048]
[0.07462391257286072]
[0.017041707411408424]
[0.12830224633216858]
[0.013143359683454037]
[0.04307498037815094]
[0.0035027223639190197]
[0.010663006454706192]
[0.01898711360991001]
[0.08407510071992874]
[0.027487754821777344]
[0.5426560044288635]
[0.056875914335250854]
[0.0168705303221941]
[0.0019172488246113062]
[0.5124117732048035]
[0.0035336497239768505]
[0.0031288566533476114]
[0.04310078173875809]
[0.0016080616042017937]
[0.008326064795255661]
[0.043088994920253754]
[0.25896167755126953]
[0.02729196287691593]
[0.046447232365608215]
[0.16545405983924866]
[0.026368211954832077]
[0.003199448576197028]
[0.026557384058833122]
[0.14789842069149017]
[0.29305994510650635]
[0.08964648842811584]
[0.14693181216716766]
[0.0016426125075668097]
[0.004464872181415558]
[0.029180025681853294]
[0.04223852977156639]
[0.0015997778391465545]
[0.009640093892812729]
[0.0014387479750439525]
[0.0026009175926446915]
[0.0060001760721206665]
[0.0014346836833283305]
[0.0019139413489028811]
[0.0014457586221396923]
[0.0016790912486612797]
[0.04290197789669037]
[0.23535463213920593]
[0.0036014311481267214]
[0.011890008114278316]
[0.003368563950061798]
[0.004460133612155914]
[0.1612055003643036]
[0.16077278554439545]
[0.0014288719976320863]
[0.008398563601076603]
[0.042887818068265915]
[0.1235208511352539]
[0.0041635180823504925]
[0.05241060629487038]
[0.0023990939371287823]
[0.016551310196518898]
[0.07946057617664337]
[0.018084421753883362]
[0.004732580855488777]
[0.0030640370678156614]
[0.01993361860513687]
[0.2116972804069519]
[0.0016371012898162007]
[0.06450121849775314]
[0.015443223528563976]
[0.07488647103309631]
[0.008249340578913689]
[0.07484423369169235]
[0.04290447756648064]
[0.037980180233716965]
[0.010747319087386131]
[0.08778523653745651]
[0.04289339855313301]
[0.016393771395087242]
[0.4378741979598999]
[0.0070679811760783195]
[0.10582538694143295]
[0.0010350894881412387]
[0.0013962435768917203]
[0.000995313050225377]
[0.003709097858518362]
[0.002947180764749646]
[0.2598399519920349]
[0.0745641216635704]
[0.009257976897060871]
[0.0942658931016922]
[0.0012978673912584782]
[0.002447826787829399]
[0.0008406588458456099]
[0.011246582493185997]
[0.04289695620536804]
[0.01019553653895855]
[0.0023680527228862047]
[0.07422037422657013]
[0.16417603194713593]
[0.006845915224403143]
[0.0009838709374889731]
[0.0013854893622919917]
[0.0028180002700537443]
[0.00278147729113698]
[0.15658853948116302]
[0.0009647260885685682]
[0.39602363109588623]
[0.010861681774258614]
[0.015460891649127007]
[0.017872190102934837]
[0.11718989163637161]
[0.023498881608247757]
[0.001049653859809041]
[0.05013217031955719]
[0.21415068209171295]
[0.20654836297035217]
[0.15583643317222595]
[0.02654968574643135]
[0.19512410461902618]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.04301008582115173]
[0.0065859900787472725]
[0.006524385418742895]
[0.1759805828332901]
[0.4813802242279053]
[0.004406736698001623]
[0.002596467500552535]
[0.011736329644918442]
[0.008523776195943356]
[0.24652796983718872]
[0.0010144334519281983]
[0.0014069931348785758]
[0.12482129037380219]
[0.09369098395109177]
[0.042979441583156586]
[0.005854930263012648]
[0.7646223306655884]
[0.0024646141100674868]
[0.08842206001281738]
[0.002080270554870367]
[0.016714494675397873]
[0.04292149469256401]
[0.0011467834701761603]
[0.001765179680660367]
[0.0010775703703984618]
[0.16859272122383118]
[0.0035930827725678682]
[0.028251003473997116]
[0.0035202333237975836]
[0.08582527190446854]
[0.042875856161117554]
[0.0007688229670748115]
[0.016447819769382477]
[0.11852714419364929]
[0.030642416328191757]
[0.002440711483359337]
[0.0007329689105972648]
[0.0006811527418904006]
[0.03660854697227478]
[0.07324391603469849]
[0.042830660939216614]
[0.016028666868805885]
[0.25641658902168274]
[0.0006092597614042461]
[0.002048139227554202]
[0.24030816555023193]
[0.17050020396709442]
[0.0005547991604544222]
[0.002777534071356058]
[0.0005424656555987895]
[0.04227893427014351]
[0.01835574209690094]
[0.0004989452427253127]
[0.0007317029521800578]
[0.08962719142436981]
[0.22312846779823303]
[0.016299264505505562]
[0.0037376568652689457]
[0.07408556342124939]
[0.01918606087565422]
[0.0063790567219257355]
[0.04272830858826637]
[0.0169595368206501]
[0.0004978547221980989]
[0.003908232320100069]
[0.00045115771354176104]
[0.0017791471909731627]
[0.04415583238005638]
[0.0017749288817867637]
[0.001075287815183401]
[0.0006773174391128123]
[0.010776667855679989]
[0.0005221946048550308]
[0.0015075154369696975]
[0.0023464281111955643]
[0.3765168786048889]
[0.43453818559646606]
[0.04280775412917137]
[0.003953174222260714]
[0.0024273409508168697]
[0.07400064170360565]
[0.08240284770727158]
[0.003883603261783719]
[0.37508949637413025]
[0.029463451355695724]
[0.0014630231307819486]
[0.07630085200071335]
[0.0016218684613704681]
[0.04266364127397537]
[0.0020167366601526737]
[0.04265838488936424]
[0.27139511704444885]
[0.004726937040686607]
[0.0013594040647149086]
[0.08958973735570908]
[0.11284320801496506]
[0.039224110543727875]
[0.007181977853178978]
[0.04257962852716446]
[0.06155224144458771]
[0.007830352522432804]
[0.002931558759883046]
[0.04777440056204796]
[0.042536839842796326]
[0.04195014014840126]
[0.002064303494989872]
[0.0005086535820737481]
[0.003458303166553378]
[0.018111564218997955]
[0.04248116910457611]
[0.001849618973210454]
[0.0006848825723864138]
[0.0070439474657177925]
[0.01616627164185047]
[0.0018456957768648863]
[0.018608052283525467]
[0.0039591616950929165]
[0.0004017614119220525]
[0.32657691836357117]
[0.0010483587393537164]
[0.15272057056427002]
[0.3449738025665283]
[0.018145447596907616]
[0.00901487935334444]
[0.0036405418068170547]
[0.04323494806885719]
[0.04229806363582611]
[0.07584453374147415]
[0.0004716449184343219]
[0.041071224957704544]
[0.016708239912986755]
[0.0011334470473229885]
[0.13992764055728912]
[0.1768607497215271]
[0.0004722441080957651]
[0.016668591648340225]
[0.0004049583512824029]
[0.0019238461973145604]
[0.00936061516404152]
[0.11232884228229523]
[0.0003761078405659646]
[0.07763795554637909]
[0.007590126246213913]
[0.252992182970047]
[0.0003476574784144759]
[0.009440748952329159]
[0.014252406544983387]
[3.7312657833099365]
[0.18058547377586365]
[0.04214302450418472]
[0.10490502417087555]
[0.0873599424958229]
[0.0013474549632519484]
[0.0755520761013031]
[0.4772849678993225]
[0.13066813349723816]
[0.0440596304833889]
[0.0589858740568161]
[0.0013030313421040773]
[0.10262694954872131]
[0.11605048179626465]
[0.03760471194982529]
[0.07787927985191345]
[0.3793546259403229]
[3.352725028991699]
[0.06745786964893341]
[0.012736144475638866]
[0.0019686890300363302]
[0.00816098041832447]
[0.042205508798360825]
[0.0012934169499203563]
[1.0541914701461792]
[0.7431645393371582]
[0.11408129334449768]
[0.05917762592434883]
[0.2854992747306824]
[0.0009962526382878423]
[1.3862130641937256]
[0.46510016918182373]
[0.04468030110001564]
[0.06625973433256149]
[0.002633159514516592]
[0.0812545046210289]
[0.12102358788251877]
[0.04214303568005562]
[0.056235503405332565]
[0.2858063876628876]
[0.0015162810450419784]
[0.0022643101401627064]
[0.027939805760979652]
[0.3124409019947052]
[0.0015648554544895887]
[0.0008548248442821205]
[0.04022623971104622]
[0.7414664626121521]
[0.14114253222942352]
[0.004303873050957918]
[0.04202674329280853]
[0.05630109831690788]
[0.0018048473866656423]
[0.03440186008810997]
[0.01687658578157425]
[0.010191524401307106]
[0.32519400119781494]
[0.001827905303798616]
[0.001251230831257999]
[0.026452181860804558]
[0.15193644165992737]
[0.0017855988116934896]
[0.0007323704194277525]
[0.10140332579612732]
[0.11542640626430511]
[0.158534973859787]
[0.04201870039105415]
[0.06376118957996368]
[0.4564261734485626]
[0.0006866341573186219]
[0.041992779821157455]
[0.0006693245377391577]
[0.012800480239093304]
[0.08184344321489334]
[0.10516524314880371]
[0.043912921100854874]
[0.04195427894592285]
[0.03568828105926514]
[0.16068923473358154]
[0.0017454969929531217]
[0.19033344089984894]
[0.008588066324591637]
[0.04190840572118759]
[0.030867567285895348]
[0.03573945537209511]
[0.0022861252073198557]
[0.07453081011772156]
[0.14419898390769958]
[0.003525156294927001]
[5.818857192993164]
[0.021831724792718887]
[0.0015681989025324583]
[0.0014588907361030579]
[0.04182642325758934]
[0.21288086473941803]
[0.01660679280757904]
[0.008599894121289253]
[0.3769146800041199]
[0.04178578406572342]
[0.00492097856476903]
[0.11734148859977722]
[0.004579301457852125]
[0.03948451578617096]
[0.214030459523201]
[0.2998429238796234]
[0.3692079484462738]
[0.01949523389339447]
[0.0010721179423853755]
[0.0031038448214530945]
[0.004868675023317337]
[0.2920866906642914]
[0.0034085907973349094]
[0.3627840280532837]
[0.0013693916844204068]
[0.0007187139708548784]
[0.06417044997215271]
[0.13036371767520905]
[0.027088606730103493]
[0.041212163865566254]
[0.02038305066525936]
[0.0748053565621376]
[0.025926297530531883]
[0.04181012511253357]
[0.008434342220425606]
[0.0418209582567215]
[0.07423505187034607]
[0.005109843797981739]
[0.15900814533233643]
[0.12394547462463379]
[0.03383863344788551]
[0.04182019829750061]
[0.02566339075565338]
[0.04180982708930969]
[0.04444253444671631]
[0.225644052028656]
[0.04177962616086006]
[0.014386857859790325]
[0.16098664700984955]
[0.0031198584474623203]
[0.0035712318494915962]
[0.011690416373312473]
[0.13694441318511963]
[0.03287557512521744]
[0.00155428156722337]
[0.0217561237514019]
[0.12393242865800858]
[0.041622012853622437]
[0.010475026443600655]
[0.00880289264023304]
[0.000827156996820122]
[0.0030009360052645206]
[0.12154418975114822]
[0.017246443778276443]
[0.13283053040504456]
[0.019156984984874725]
[0.01768236979842186]
[0.04149777442216873]
[0.007561285514384508]
[0.005223870277404785]
[0.009389626793563366]
[0.0009096880094148219]
[0.005184325389564037]
[0.015395904891192913]
[0.011509585194289684]
[0.032863274216651917]
[0.003354802494868636]
[0.003599027171730995]
[0.16362707316875458]
[0.04141993448138237]
[0.0024134409613907337]
[0.010246417485177517]
[0.010605811141431332]
[0.002816310618072748]
[0.009147591888904572]
[0.003599083749577403]
[0.0017675522249192]
[0.3903008699417114]
[0.008182077668607235]
[0.000567338487599045]
[0.04140190780162811]
[0.006034563295543194]
[0.0008960607810877264]
[0.014304855838418007]
[0.010268565267324448]
[0.03727984428405762]
[0.011506713926792145]
[0.10903602838516235]
[0.13547037541866302]
[0.24606017768383026]
[0.010953829623758793]
[0.02063748612999916]
[0.09376317262649536]
[0.01599106751382351]
[0.0014101857086643577]
[0.15736833214759827]
[0.1037919893860817]
[0.04142454266548157]
[0.001465233275666833]
[0.10138747841119766]
[0.007108294405043125]
[0.0005135886603966355]
[0.07500234246253967]
[0.020702403038740158]
[0.0009270325535908341]
[0.24536481499671936]
[0.0023829014971852303]
[0.00991117674857378]
[0.007153862155973911]
[0.008825126104056835]
[0.000488908204715699]
[0.005638686008751392]
[0.009349740110337734]
[0.0012969140661880374]
[0.15424218773841858]
[0.0017637000419199467]
[0.002344355918467045]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.4703123867511749]
[0.0004778894654009491]
[0.28961193561553955]
[0.11903920769691467]
[0.014177059754729271]
[0.00324059184640646]
[0.00931162852793932]
[0.2328888177871704]
[0.002598370425403118]
[0.007637816481292248]
[0.0971154123544693]
[0.005157223902642727]
[0.07481958717107773]
[0.0004340515297371894]
[0.03620678186416626]
[0.002784441690891981]
[0.07466818392276764]
[0.0058739688247442245]
[0.01844201609492302]
[0.003589792875573039]
[0.0013698936672881246]
[0.04178045690059662]
[0.035276852548122406]
[0.24227790534496307]
[0.028307920321822166]
[0.13398712873458862]
[0.016876131296157837]
[0.01989486627280712]
[0.002737686038017273]
[0.018263941630721092]
[0.01778573915362358]
[0.01266954094171524]
[0.13279880583286285]
[0.0010562140960246325]
[0.1486855298280716]
[0.0015737827634438872]
[0.14436091482639313]
[0.010880443267524242]
[0.0056265173479914665]
[0.009592103771865368]
[0.006625297479331493]
[0.0010621410328894854]
[0.009771048091351986]
[0.42914897203445435]
[0.0006744915735907853]
[0.005876459646970034]
[0.07576219737529755]
[0.04151776432991028]
[0.0015791798941791058]
[0.041493505239486694]
[0.0007233964861370623]
[0.01246138196438551]
[0.011216098442673683]
[0.0006367399473674595]
[0.016513466835021973]
[0.008784330449998379]
[0.5134653449058533]
[0.0005228801746852696]
[0.0006132363923825324]
[0.00823191087692976]
[0.009588822722434998]
[0.12939001619815826]
[0.0005840130615979433]
[0.05470672622323036]
[0.02998455800116062]
[0.22027647495269775]
[0.011394110508263111]
[0.014135033823549747]
[0.014660711400210857]
[0.003121749497950077]
[0.0025356600526720285]
[0.0006834297673776746]
[0.2448568493127823]
[0.139214426279068]
[0.3250631093978882]
[0.18042750656604767]
[0.0032616860698908567]
[0.3268539309501648]
[0.015706392005085945]
[0.002293513622134924]
[0.04138079658150673]
[0.17165213823318481]
[0.0006477845599874854]
[0.1063450425863266]
[0.04222704842686653]
[0.0010653756326064467]
[0.04128028824925423]
[0.041256360709667206]
[0.07575391232967377]
[0.004739030729979277]
[0.0015709749422967434]
[0.04115920141339302]
[0.08404414355754852]
[0.05671967938542366]
[0.031622264534235]
[0.010562716983258724]
[0.04106823354959488]
[0.005083317868411541]
[0.3298659026622772]
[0.20384950935840607]
[0.09334700554609299]
[0.06569027900695801]
[0.0033808904699981213]
[0.0023342070635408163]
[0.003539701923727989]
[0.006171477492898703]
[0.009025217965245247]
[0.002185469027608633]
[0.007224209140986204]
[0.0015220801578834653]
[0.10456191003322601]
[0.041037727147340775]
[0.001407915842719376]
[0.14957016706466675]
[0.1118277907371521]
[0.04104159027338028]
[0.0037258437369018793]
[0.0006993194110691547]
[0.009848696179687977]
[0.009134828113019466]
[0.041034430265426636]
[0.0027523634489625692]
[0.007949629798531532]
[0.011121698655188084]
[0.006193679757416248]
[0.0008919452084228396]
[0.2989227771759033]
[0.0008778407354839146]
[0.0008946806192398071]
[0.04100934416055679]
[0.07460463792085648]
[0.14252221584320068]
[0.0036619699094444513]
[0.04099549353122711]
[0.021998489275574684]
[0.005051695741713047]
[0.003638387657701969]
[0.0039276485331356525]
[0.14482173323631287]
[0.004073337186127901]
[0.08496949076652527]
[0.007354086730629206]
[0.006694325245916843]
[0.0049791233614087105]
[0.0017545190639793873]
[0.01710503175854683]
[0.0013922990765422583]
[0.0013032383285462856]
[0.015270045958459377]
[0.13629671931266785]
[0.35148775577545166]
[0.00361065287142992]
[0.0025796275585889816]
[0.0025475213769823313]
[0.04104525223374367]
[0.11525603383779526]
[0.11809420585632324]
[0.007070745807141066]
[0.01083001121878624]
[0.007283675484359264]
[0.12497744709253311]
[0.0024392353370785713]
[0.0016449621180072427]
[0.0035171518102288246]
[0.010366753675043583]
[0.006533675827085972]
[0.12307722866535187]
[0.006096769589930773]
[0.0009974711574614048]
[0.001289238454774022]
[0.0054444302804768085]
[0.11225666105747223]
[0.005245219450443983]
[0.041037000715732574]
[0.0040208725258708]
[0.0017408676212653518]
[0.04102615267038345]
[0.16414178907871246]
[0.0029268444050103426]
[0.05688793212175369]
[0.004721078090369701]
[0.005874967202544212]
[0.0015462323790416121]
[0.10455325990915298]
[0.0010986707638949156]
[0.004922460298985243]
[0.04087517783045769]
[0.11732744425535202]
[0.008142589591443539]
[0.0030228886753320694]
[0.0008370326249860227]
[0.1532772183418274]
[0.0018005218589678407]
[0.2084221988916397]
[0.00043647122220136225]
[0.00039377837674692273]
[0.0017851293087005615]
[0.007248884532600641]
[0.008779829367995262]
[0.27625471353530884]
[0.009098390117287636]
[0.009794305078685284]
[0.011617464944720268]
[0.0015545142814517021]
[0.001874593086540699]
[0.0010597663931548595]
[0.10363516211509705]
[0.004832916427403688]
[0.04078441113233566]
[0.005855449475347996]
[0.003972185775637627]
[0.0030086806509643793]
[0.0029448657296597958]
[0.005682223476469517]
[0.0027848435565829277]
[0.15444648265838623]
[0.0005933233187533915]
[0.0003083535411860794]
[0.010500733740627766]
[0.19004707038402557]
[0.132137730717659]
[0.45851173996925354]
[0.014347303658723831]
[0.0029036335181444883]
[0.009106533601880074]
[0.23088939487934113]
[0.08275749534368515]
[0.0407995730638504]
[0.0002558967680670321]
[0.04545390605926514]
[0.004500212613493204]
[0.04079948365688324]
[0.0026535200886428356]
[0.00024083501193672419]
[0.10655197501182556]
[0.06766024231910706]
[0.09481089562177658]
[0.0015640893252566457]
[0.29901689291000366]
[0.0037036193534731865]
[0.01427555363625288]
[0.003065780969336629]
[0.6234759092330933]
[0.018402958288788795]
[0.0026690459344536066]
[0.010985864326357841]
[0.020183376967906952]
[0.1639711558818817]
[0.04090239107608795]
[0.004741836804896593]
[0.007223416585475206]
[0.021258246153593063]
[0.006473535671830177]
[0.3944006860256195]
[0.04094018042087555]
[0.04093914106488228]
[0.013231431134045124]
[0.01139189675450325]
[0.003192912321537733]
[0.12986062467098236]
[0.30865228176116943]
[0.00867390539497137]
[0.040914762765169144]
[0.29603251814842224]
[0.026188645511865616]
[0.02831200882792473]
[0.02322884276509285]
[0.00025085348170250654]
[0.0019877098966389894]
[0.0002511066850274801]
[0.058604542165994644]
[0.0007064465316943824]
[0.009991208091378212]
[0.004926820285618305]
[0.0758436843752861]
[0.038931701332330704]
[0.004243587143719196]
[0.0009579462348483503]
[0.00036372418981045485]
[0.024744732305407524]
[0.00022366199118550867]
[0.12807820737361908]
[0.027565743774175644]
[0.14304152131080627]
[0.001502478844486177]
[0.00034799205604940653]
[0.0022863829508423805]
[0.0033700286876410246]
[0.004692727234214544]
[0.07572858035564423]
[0.04107870161533356]
[0.0013988304417580366]
[0.012350001372396946]
[0.041089773178100586]
[0.0018923486350104213]
[0.22847925126552582]
[0.0007722394075244665]
[0.011424988508224487]
[0.38903114199638367]
[0.012292206287384033]
[0.014973069541156292]
[0.14316318929195404]
[0.04098324850201607]
[0.12748129665851593]
[0.003346678102388978]
[0.04092148318886757]
[0.027722876518964767]
[0.006937534082680941]
[0.017786845564842224]
[0.024214863777160645]
[0.016773516312241554]
[0.02047460339963436]
[0.0011894856579601765]
[0.040804777294397354]
[0.12731972336769104]
[0.04078082740306854]
[0.5907283425331116]
[0.003246076637879014]
[0.0003406789037398994]
[0.12028693407773972]
[0.0003325071884319186]
[0.007728657219558954]
[0.008958189748227596]
[0.007949398830533028]
[0.002365980064496398]
[0.04071474075317383]
[0.09400511533021927]
[0.01095625851303339]
[0.04069645702838898]
[0.0029040013905614614]
[0.583247184753418]
[0.0061123669147491455]
[0.0033063930459320545]
[0.01492761354893446]
[0.15990769863128662]
[0.08017557859420776]
[0.0003152440767735243]
[0.0029298006556928158]
[0.0037048067897558212]
[0.00036278925836086273]
[0.13766378164291382]
[0.02663300186395645]
[0.24262896180152893]
[0.012996538542211056]
[0.02280363067984581]
[0.0010333871468901634]
[0.006885194219648838]
[0.0038355065044015646]
[0.015908557921648026]
[0.002318659098818898]
[0.10742411762475967]
[0.010393137112259865]
[0.0020827508997172117]
[0.07540382444858551]
[0.0166091937571764]
[0.36007311940193176]
[0.015486172400414944]
[0.04076940938830376]
[0.008281019516289234]
[0.012374868616461754]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.000291381060378626]
[0.040770143270492554]
[0.011083395220339298]
[0.08062634617090225]
[0.040747977793216705]
[0.04073389619588852]
[0.0004290045180823654]
[0.20947837829589844]
[0.011340855620801449]
[0.0002901472616940737]
[0.4685865342617035]
[0.09567707777023315]
[0.0013844359200447798]
[0.14326928555965424]
[0.0010852371342480183]
[0.10230500251054764]
[0.00017061311518773437]
[0.0058745150454342365]
[0.027489077299833298]
[0.00017845345428213477]
[0.024638041853904724]
[0.1319199949502945]
[0.02241651713848114]
[0.007644494064152241]
[0.002063577529042959]
[0.012324124574661255]
[0.0029134422075003386]
[0.008860629051923752]
[0.0010297965491190553]
[0.008751518093049526]
[0.034420788288116455]
[0.040510859340429306]
[0.27376770973205566]
[0.02980045974254608]
[0.006621885113418102]
[0.00017223955364897847]
[0.0020130390767008066]
[0.22954082489013672]
[0.10206004977226257]
[0.07599461078643799]
[0.009311464615166187]
[0.1093963086605072]
[0.040495365858078]
[0.0007457199972122908]
[0.0011832178570330143]
[0.0011862972751259804]
[0.00481463922187686]
[0.04048924893140793]
[0.01729079894721508]
[0.13841183483600616]
[0.009001432918012142]
[0.007497032172977924]
[0.04354032129049301]
[0.0002486380690243095]
[0.010989150032401085]
[0.0008694845600984991]
[0.006766198668628931]
[0.0021400200203061104]
[0.0015301596140488982]
[0.002788126701489091]
[0.0006811590283177793]
[0.21489471197128296]
[0.06842610985040665]
[0.0015846842434257269]
[0.040415309369564056]
[0.0007117997738532722]
[0.010496535338461399]
[0.0016011627158150077]
[0.16955336928367615]
[0.0065529667772352695]
[0.0023722597397863865]
[0.002714782953262329]
[0.004405764397233725]
[0.012016136199235916]
[0.1217280700802803]
[0.6058650612831116]
[0.0018274462781846523]
[0.2615880072116852]
[0.04039580374956131]
[0.0760040208697319]
[0.002086857333779335]
[0.0019666908774524927]
[0.004832562990486622]
[0.005056702997535467]
[0.001457470702007413]
[0.001935337670147419]
[0.0015874112723395228]
[0.002976459451019764]
[0.010326925665140152]
[0.08906527608633041]
[0.0018226541578769684]
[0.010891647078096867]
[0.09599512070417404]
[0.005047858227044344]
[0.0024295642506331205]
[0.000473747932119295]
[0.04046090692281723]
[0.005000822711735964]
[0.15385891497135162]
[0.004190893843770027]
[0.013023605570197105]
[0.0017823593225330114]
[0.055198315531015396]
[0.0015705665573477745]
[0.005865735933184624]
[0.004481304902583361]
[0.00787525624036789]
[0.0004722552839666605]
[0.0034586386755108833]
[0.007979507558047771]
[0.006776593159884214]
[0.01032320223748684]
[0.0033539978321641684]
[0.002282614354044199]
[0.0008001915412023664]
[0.004851756617426872]
[0.005091322120279074]
[0.2514577805995941]
[0.036614906042814255]
[0.014232129789888859]
[0.0015382879646494985]
[0.0005690819816663861]
[0.0004856954619754106]
[0.0015366162406280637]
[0.01069635059684515]
[0.17223332822322845]
[0.011500898748636246]
[0.12658147513866425]
[0.04063797369599342]
[0.00048490671906620264]
[0.0015057444106787443]
[0.004191198386251926]
[0.0015472584636881948]
[0.014755054377019405]
[0.0009839286794885993]
[0.0015499885194003582]
[0.009853088296949863]
[0.010396288707852364]
[0.04064081981778145]
[0.04063262417912483]
[0.0012496445560827851]
[0.0870390385389328]
[0.10753576457500458]
[0.014664697460830212]
[0.0014461517566815019]
[0.00043114263098686934]
[0.0014708037488162518]
[0.07584141194820404]
[0.004434303846210241]
[0.009243362583220005]
[0.2126581370830536]
[0.0029893694445490837]
[0.006024903152137995]
[0.007117661647498608]
[0.010446910746395588]
[0.015669232234358788]
[0.0005697907181456685]
[0.009710139594972134]
[0.0032756810542196035]
[0.00037340514245443046]
[0.008162482641637325]
[0.07465050369501114]
[0.0009464822942391038]
[0.0028553635347634554]
[0.32636386156082153]
[0.04059883952140808]
[0.0028329729102551937]
[0.013760876841843128]
[0.07574357837438583]
[0.008964873850345612]
[0.21480579674243927]
[0.0007008081884123385]
[0.140443816781044]
[0.0007089480641297996]
[0.016464484855532646]
[0.01954726129770279]
[0.018465010449290276]
[0.1507367640733719]
[0.0787012055516243]
[0.0406014621257782]
[0.003414711682125926]
[0.022529786452651024]
[0.004828576929867268]
[0.00663917837664485]
[0.003072703257203102]
[0.0028675002977252007]
[0.005402420647442341]
[0.02873557060956955]
[0.0019168235594406724]
[0.3098684549331665]
[0.010428136214613914]
[0.07534971833229065]
[0.0004984624101780355]
[0.013001994229853153]
[0.7833805084228516]
[0.04092143848538399]
[0.016442114487290382]
[0.0022465891670435667]
[0.01820710115134716]
[0.017823440954089165]
[0.02437908947467804]
[0.017921246588230133]
[0.0022495966404676437]
[0.0014624203322455287]
[0.07475526630878448]
[0.21690063178539276]
[0.0014537600800395012]
[0.6326777935028076]
[0.0015088681830093265]
[0.020097963511943817]
[0.04047943651676178]
[0.0014737810706719756]
[0.005895721260458231]
[0.04040144383907318]
[0.13625609874725342]
[0.0014573587104678154]
[0.011825744062662125]
[0.0034005017951130867]
[0.004550878889858723]
[0.0011992866639047861]
[0.040202248841524124]
[0.28174853324890137]
[0.0007187469163909554]
[0.0868375226855278]
[0.007182481233030558]
[0.054762039333581924]
[0.0010415416909381747]
[0.16515927016735077]
[0.0751284509897232]
[0.02724127098917961]
[0.039225466549396515]
[0.002734737703576684]
[0.0012718855869024992]
[0.2963992655277252]
[0.0026123523712158203]
[0.1511586308479309]
[0.004040527623146772]
[0.000666658510453999]
[0.0025370183866471052]
[0.0031120083294808865]
[0.0009840280981734395]
[0.16387222707271576]
[0.03398473188281059]
[0.009613661095499992]
[0.0009220176143571734]
[0.015444956719875336]
[0.007859292440116405]
[0.04378442466259003]
[0.040306128561496735]
[0.255519300699234]
[0.14644956588745117]
[0.12263158708810806]
[0.06771330535411835]
[0.012061246670782566]
[0.28302904963493347]
[0.040384482592344284]
[0.007062823045998812]
[0.003123849630355835]
[0.04040313884615898]
[0.027121324092149734]
[0.0017948065651580691]
[0.0013647411251440644]
[0.006766068749129772]
[0.002239488996565342]
[0.22270163893699646]
[0.0033746305853128433]
[0.0015826859744265676]
[0.0021595368161797523]
[0.009932217188179493]
[0.001542528159916401]
[0.006732778158038855]
[0.0012746063293889165]
[0.001680054934695363]
[0.003640641923993826]
[0.0017638265853747725]
[0.23008857667446136]
[0.0034149179700762033]
[0.0021037308033555746]
[0.002395491348579526]
[0.11373009532690048]
[0.040540050715208054]
[0.013222708366811275]
[0.02238655835390091]
[0.0015263952082023025]
[0.03004235029220581]
[0.02649799734354019]
[0.003474723780527711]
[0.006010849494487047]
[0.28691765666007996]
[0.1361105591058731]
[0.008882144466042519]
[0.019038651138544083]
[0.07784109562635422]
[0.09885799139738083]
[0.029080551117658615]
[0.040609050542116165]
[0.08252374827861786]
[0.00123301288112998]
[0.014283857308328152]
[0.02220144495368004]
[0.1464075893163681]
[0.003422413719817996]
[0.040627527981996536]
[0.005511811934411526]
[0.0014639103319495916]
[0.002098721917718649]
[0.1692197173833847]
[0.016301847994327545]
[0.3653929531574249]
[0.0218486525118351]
[0.0027622038032859564]
[0.003102398244664073]
[0.08331577479839325]
[0.008334013633430004]
[0.08710601180791855]
[0.14426900446414948]
[0.00348092382773757]
[0.009889901615679264]
[0.005431394558399916]
[0.006882557179778814]
[0.08211840689182281]
[0.03565139323472977]
[0.009143644012510777]
[0.0014940419932827353]
[0.04073386266827583]
[0.04073227569460869]
[0.007295083254575729]
[0.012109710834920406]
[0.0009364502620883286]
[0.005057382397353649]
[0.07437288016080856]
[0.07513005286455154]
[0.0014829235151410103]
[0.04070321470499039]
[0.008797836489975452]
[0.00729456078261137]
[0.000528427364770323]
[0.0937730148434639]
[0.0743146687746048]
[0.040681611746549606]
[0.0057692015543580055]
[0.07502035051584244]
[0.0009360521798953414]
[0.003259514458477497]
[0.24537789821624756]
[0.07417502999305725]
[0.006622776854783297]
[0.00687846913933754]
[0.0014772058930248022]
[0.010485786944627762]
[0.038889024406671524]
[0.004584246780723333]
[0.040679119527339935]
[0.004362447652965784]
[0.15008693933486938]
[0.0748497024178505]
[0.0005382664385251701]
[0.019805267453193665]
[0.2217126041650772]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0009862143779173493]
[0.004459332209080458]
[0.002267753006890416]
[0.0031202316749840975]
[0.00974978506565094]
[0.040672507137060165]
[0.00560353510081768]
[0.0936790183186531]
[0.001473243348300457]
[0.006983311381191015]
[0.0005635779234580696]
[0.00220873043872416]
[0.006317975465208292]
[0.01047603227198124]
[0.2057906687259674]
[0.07519069314002991]
[0.0038395419251173735]
[0.0020878941286355257]
[0.0006013356032781303]
[0.0005061027477495372]
[0.004592401906847954]
[0.0009598943870514631]
[0.02697383239865303]
[0.004175047390162945]
[0.0015162430936470628]
[0.0011766041861847043]
[0.007534713950008154]
[0.16208824515342712]
[0.003931377548724413]
[0.1922014206647873]
[0.07450653612613678]
[0.009846143424510956]
[0.0016661672852933407]
[0.0005371505976654589]
[0.035447314381599426]
[0.09881395101547241]
[0.0031998103950172663]
[0.005748739466071129]
[0.0019286238821223378]
[0.0014256174908950925]
[0.08427199721336365]
[0.0019373755203559995]
[0.007166446652263403]
[0.005111178383231163]
[0.004842678084969521]
[0.0017746362136676908]
[0.00436420040205121]
[0.15151621401309967]
[0.0006387999746948481]
[0.0018310052109882236]
[0.004692772403359413]
[0.1411576122045517]
[0.005907844286412001]
[0.001097036525607109]
[0.004873714409768581]
[0.21456965804100037]
[0.019933996722102165]
[0.08268986642360687]
[0.004720468074083328]
[0.25524893403053284]
[0.0004876944294665009]
[0.019298432394862175]
[0.1411910504102707]
[0.3640163540840149]
[0.39299020171165466]
[0.001110490527935326]
[0.09018702805042267]
[0.001855375594459474]
[0.07440187782049179]
[0.37123629450798035]
[0.013932008296251297]
[0.04071947559714317]
[0.006621845997869968]
[0.3379250764846802]
[0.011245107278227806]
[0.22040298581123352]
[0.0005938832182437181]
[0.0005000880919396877]
[0.1563585251569748]
[0.04049639403820038]
[0.0404684841632843]
[0.003122729016467929]
[0.0013681839918717742]
[0.022438885644078255]
[0.13978905975818634]
[0.05946805328130722]
[0.10797422379255295]
[0.4683162271976471]
[0.0036870536860078573]
[0.0008467433508485556]
[0.0907076746225357]
[0.07376938313245773]
[0.0054257274605333805]
[0.0004536525812000036]
[0.021316662430763245]
[0.0026237177662551403]
[0.01801764965057373]
[0.00924847275018692]
[0.011896537616848946]
[0.0019764346070587635]
[0.01300873514264822]
[0.3065623939037323]
[0.012492802925407887]
[0.07491276413202286]
[0.013021361082792282]
[0.006799605675041676]
[0.0014685962814837694]
[0.006868432275950909]
[0.0008128237095661461]
[0.040362294763326645]
[0.002187627600505948]
[0.07444827258586884]
[0.02248302847146988]
[0.011389226652681828]
[0.03803076967597008]
[0.00793165247887373]
[0.010801391676068306]
[0.040421146899461746]
[0.007747701369225979]
[0.0151372030377388]
[0.07435145974159241]
[0.04043798893690109]
[0.011588208377361298]
[0.0013400958850979805]
[0.0015434124507009983]
[0.18040119111537933]
[0.2467842698097229]
[0.2820076048374176]
[0.0006683237734250724]
[0.10913334041833878]
[0.001765982247889042]
[0.040467072278261185]
[0.00517871743068099]
[0.01280413381755352]
[0.15601924061775208]
[0.006655977573245764]
[0.002616783371195197]
[0.001111239311285317]
[0.0016303120646625757]
[0.0015522630419582129]
[0.0027872342616319656]
[0.0015419587725773454]
[0.2137594372034073]
[0.0010184329003095627]
[0.1402577906847]
[0.005325024947524071]
[0.019189471378922462]
[0.0010564556578174233]
[0.0014762404607608914]
[0.0007390520768240094]
[0.0054353345185518265]
[0.04051307216286659]
[0.07407630234956741]
[0.0007394846761599183]
[0.002328046364709735]
[0.0011697636218741536]
[0.005196560639888048]
[0.0007184603600762784]
[0.004083243664354086]
[0.007451352663338184]
[0.13966530561447144]
[0.0008012235048227012]
[0.0007822481566108763]
[0.004241715185344219]
[0.00966823659837246]
[0.0015239282511174679]
[0.04055042192339897]
[0.0006812321953475475]
[0.0007654766086488962]
[0.0009937869617715478]
[0.0012003567535430193]
[0.11230501532554626]
[0.5988730788230896]
[0.0040118275210261345]
[0.07401687651872635]
[0.0007128093275241554]
[0.006059663370251656]
[0.007258104160428047]
[0.010896787978708744]
[0.020477671176195145]
[0.0006784943398088217]
[0.01485632173717022]
[0.04058552905917168]
[0.01574329100549221]
[0.007703087758272886]
[0.000705150596331805]
[0.26041626930236816]
[0.008735173381865025]
[0.0010038226610049605]
[0.05634802207350731]
[0.005069162230938673]
[0.004655713215470314]
[0.009057452902197838]
[0.04058818891644478]
[0.009666820988059044]
[0.08404979854822159]
[0.00953736063092947]
[0.2930009961128235]
[0.007588400971144438]
[0.0006467662169598043]
[0.15235449373722076]
[0.004340581130236387]
[0.007531112991273403]
[0.008859697729349136]
[0.040567196905612946]
[0.14518216252326965]
[0.015818433836102486]
[0.00803556852042675]
[0.04050176218152046]
[0.0832684263586998]
[0.11678185313940048]
[0.018109560012817383]
[0.0027175184804946184]
[0.002441354328766465]
[0.011988959275186062]
[0.001561522949486971]
[0.006588099990040064]
[0.02153509296476841]
[0.2805848717689514]
[0.0010372591204941273]
[0.004771070554852486]
[0.0015402530552819371]
[0.0020994190126657486]
[0.040383439511060715]
[0.03523425757884979]
[0.07387818396091461]
[0.004509948659688234]
[0.000698864518199116]
[0.004982052370905876]
[0.14308284223079681]
[0.031046781688928604]
[0.04036279767751694]
[0.0005437068175524473]
[0.006866644602268934]
[0.011503693647682667]
[0.0011331624118611217]
[0.0012169273104518652]
[0.040312644094228745]
[0.0019801652524620295]
[0.13874752819538116]
[0.005980443209409714]
[0.10809411108493805]
[0.0011413758620619774]
[0.0008400559308938682]
[0.0008549127960577607]
[0.010215197689831257]
[0.04025501757860184]
[0.0007810089155100286]
[0.0011943434365093708]
[0.0012892968952655792]
[0.009014993906021118]
[0.005932843312621117]
[0.0010070274583995342]
[0.007662307471036911]
[0.0008148131310008466]
[0.18385854363441467]
[0.0008742029312998056]
[0.35574352741241455]
[0.004800648428499699]
[0.04013984650373459]
[0.0007899601478129625]
[0.0006646908586844802]
[0.08384040743112564]
[0.023716557770967484]
[0.10295673459768295]
[0.022182948887348175]
[0.014787102118134499]
[0.014185014180839062]
[0.0053188675083220005]
[0.10474762320518494]
[0.0017974902875721455]
[0.005333084613084793]
[0.016451602801680565]
[0.006440458819270134]
[0.0006114665884524584]
[0.007519702427089214]
[0.0005984652088955045]
[0.0034325141459703445]
[0.016565479338169098]
[0.0007270541973412037]
[0.005659234710037708]
[0.0021143846679478884]
[0.006908812094479799]
[0.0846680998802185]
[0.007185922469943762]
[0.0006912102689966559]
[0.0010420277249068022]
[0.002788912272080779]
[0.012977317906916142]
[0.1317552626132965]
[0.04007419943809509]
[0.0008019392844289541]
[0.0013918664772063494]
[0.0006105308420956135]
[0.15695194900035858]
[0.011805707588791847]
[0.04000413417816162]
[0.008068593218922615]
[0.0047164540737867355]
[0.00250378530472517]
[0.0005304100341163576]
[0.0028359503485262394]
[0.0006166614475660026]
[0.007567047607153654]
[0.039953067898750305]
[0.039942916482686996]
[0.6307615041732788]
[0.0009918062714859843]
[0.002560935216024518]
[0.29058921337127686]
[0.076693095266819]
[0.02345358394086361]
[0.004130683373659849]
[0.03986246883869171]
[0.018105344846844673]
[0.0006112324190326035]
[0.03741280362010002]
[0.15571382641792297]
[0.02344757318496704]
[0.0113142728805542]
[0.006951855029910803]
[0.00410282239317894]
[0.0036389953456819057]
[0.16033309698104858]
[0.24764485657215118]
[0.03987887501716614]
[0.005951398983597755]
[0.039876364171504974]
[0.15900330245494843]
[0.00041847117245197296]
[0.00036240200279280543]
[0.08646583557128906]
[0.016640471294522285]
[0.001021495321765542]
[0.009765733033418655]
[0.007279208395630121]
[0.0017125570448115468]
[0.0004112411697860807]
[0.010054049082100391]
[0.006482897792011499]
[0.11890091747045517]
[0.3291240930557251]
[0.007584195584058762]
[0.007218006066977978]
[0.006818065419793129]
[0.0009406774770468473]
[0.00043210387229919434]
[0.00218857079744339]
[0.0004297998093534261]
[0.19293391704559326]
[0.019119873642921448]
[0.004858118016272783]
[0.04715432971715927]
[0.0613413080573082]
[0.03986049443483353]
[0.0047681196592748165]
[0.004181494005024433]
[0.00044672281364910305]
[0.0011223523179069161]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.01269189827144146]
[0.01987958513200283]
[0.001015263027511537]
[0.0009949262021109462]
[0.005775512661784887]
[0.003014967078343034]
[0.0035240191500633955]
[0.0012301173992455006]
[0.0025180026423186064]
[0.4359860122203827]
[0.0741778314113617]
[0.018082786351442337]
[0.07413659244775772]
[0.000515661493409425]
[0.005205800756812096]
[0.006483113393187523]
[0.006413629278540611]
[0.14286603033542633]
[0.004374293610453606]
[0.0005074234213680029]
[0.006905937101691961]
[0.0015783431008458138]
[0.008856578730046749]
[0.08393726497888565]
[0.007936819456517696]
[0.007411930710077286]
[0.11579391360282898]
[0.040023479610681534]
[0.004931515548378229]
[0.0005610674852505326]
[0.1567736268043518]
[0.07602565735578537]
[0.132502943277359]
[0.03997401148080826]
[0.0004536258929874748]
[0.0023104012943804264]
[0.0005851149326190352]
[0.0020249588415026665]
[0.0019979909993708134]
[0.0013751871883869171]
[0.006108320318162441]
[0.0022858132142573595]
[0.004873694386333227]
[0.012486039660871029]
[0.018435271456837654]
[0.5572293996810913]
[0.002162802964448929]
[0.0584874302148819]
[0.0005609137006103992]
[0.0018762791296467185]
[0.0005005507846362889]
[0.0005268409731797874]
[0.006189242005348206]
[0.009894276969134808]
[0.07367219775915146]
[0.012671730481088161]
[0.008155947551131248]
[0.1439201682806015]
[0.008583193644881248]
[0.0019449545070528984]
[0.0025571328587830067]
[0.19953127205371857]
[0.05256836861371994]
[0.11690211296081543]
[0.0043830289505422115]
[0.0026571962516754866]
[0.026879576966166496]
[0.03993310034275055]
[0.0230252668261528]
[0.0033823519479483366]
[0.001580842537805438]
[0.0735253244638443]
[0.02407032810151577]
[0.0032152021303772926]
[0.039946943521499634]
[0.3259616792201996]
[0.24897554516792297]
[0.20105449855327606]
[0.004432469606399536]
[0.011503207497298717]
[0.0008787796832621098]
[0.0019788190256804228]
[0.04009686037898064]
[0.03992069885134697]
[0.008367607370018959]
[0.0009359196410514414]
[0.0007865574443712831]
[0.04008890315890312]
[0.07332850247621536]
[0.016599588096141815]
[0.15561091899871826]
[0.0036562620662152767]
[0.032269928604364395]
[0.15029571950435638]
[0.004703424405306578]
[0.010605938732624054]
[0.20116369426250458]
[0.01091326866298914]
[0.0009543743217363954]
[0.15689778327941895]
[0.0015926766209304333]
[0.03981218487024307]
[0.008098808117210865]
[0.03979925066232681]
[0.01775617152452469]
[0.01175141055136919]
[0.07655724138021469]
[0.0020476924255490303]
[0.005738886073231697]
[0.006724155507981777]
[0.002280706539750099]
[0.23179256916046143]
[0.003118234220892191]
[0.07332959026098251]
[0.002748059341683984]
[0.009586503729224205]
[0.0021809013560414314]
[0.00889239925891161]
[0.0036607938818633556]
[0.03977637365460396]
[0.0018045142060145736]
[0.001215859898366034]
[0.005135444924235344]
[0.09916923195123672]
[0.003095810767263174]
[0.16426177322864532]
[0.14629068970680237]
[0.13476400077342987]
[0.028387343510985374]
[0.00301359873265028]
[0.11015870422124863]
[0.006314648315310478]
[0.003996138460934162]
[0.0015957391588017344]
[0.0024166477378457785]
[0.003643275238573551]
[0.04302806034684181]
[0.05151177570223808]
[0.3681718707084656]
[0.3281344175338745]
[0.0015925694024190307]
[0.020394595339894295]
[0.47193366289138794]
[0.004673155024647713]
[0.0018643736839294434]
[0.02367040142416954]
[0.029051925987005234]
[0.03969235718250275]
[0.020672211423516273]
[0.01635616272687912]
[0.09545092284679413]
[0.001524999737739563]
[0.015074924565851688]
[0.01126855332404375]
[0.0016410291427746415]
[0.024875933304429054]
[0.03850637748837471]
[0.4712761640548706]
[0.004782150499522686]
[0.009811433963477612]
[0.010261130519211292]
[0.002053195144981146]
[0.0009061843738891184]
[0.12554365396499634]
[0.0023736904840916395]
[0.11819164454936981]
[0.052741363644599915]
[0.15802137553691864]
[0.07335692644119263]
[0.164731964468956]
[0.03978237137198448]
[0.0016583959804847836]
[0.004373077303171158]
[0.004047584719955921]
[0.03982121869921684]
[0.0013998855138197541]
[0.007783087436109781]
[0.0009151201229542494]
[0.08729876577854156]
[0.009876788593828678]
[0.12826475501060486]
[0.005566023755818605]
[0.004356562625616789]
[0.019154781475663185]
[0.06276287138462067]
[0.006652383133769035]
[0.0023449331056326628]
[0.01658579520881176]
[0.01644738018512726]
[0.006082052364945412]
[0.17452289164066315]
[0.0478883758187294]
[0.01615481823682785]
[0.039933618158102036]
[0.009006084874272346]
[0.00933699868619442]
[0.01838105544447899]
[0.039943791925907135]
[0.0015799823449924588]
[0.0014506590086966753]
[0.0011054080678150058]
[0.013429727405309677]
[0.009948301129043102]
[0.0044186958111822605]
[0.0011027342407032847]
[0.000971284054685384]
[0.005380602553486824]
[0.1507643610239029]
[0.006914714351296425]
[0.07319561392068863]
[0.0015113572590053082]
[0.0399579182267189]
[0.03995654359459877]
[0.0008216972928494215]
[0.019253762438893318]
[0.03992961347103119]
[0.0008943586144596338]
[0.007051701657474041]
[0.0016194592462852597]
[0.002795154694467783]
[0.0955805853009224]
[0.006586700212210417]
[0.0011957068927586079]
[0.004598906729370356]
[0.15454934537410736]
[0.0030256565660238266]
[0.009857216849923134]
[0.33920401334762573]
[0.005742835812270641]
[0.00365979946218431]
[0.008213265798985958]
[0.0006927908980287611]
[0.006268480326980352]
[0.0056556654162704945]
[0.002808947814628482]
[0.033463072031736374]
[0.11870275437831879]
[0.004294898360967636]
[0.03974305838346481]
[0.0008153220405802131]
[0.0013386562932282686]
[0.0113829979673028]
[0.005354526452720165]
[0.01589261181652546]
[0.007433956488966942]
[0.001663082279264927]
[0.023259110748767853]
[0.019233543425798416]
[0.002346351742744446]
[0.07295456528663635]
[0.2961244285106659]
[0.0010213316418230534]
[0.0009103656630031765]
[0.005344080273061991]
[0.006671043578535318]
[0.13754692673683167]
[0.0025468189269304276]
[0.0008993911906145513]
[0.1484973281621933]
[0.10935191810131073]
[0.07453392446041107]
[0.009499150328338146]
[0.0067102499306201935]
[0.07279174774885178]
[0.07276217639446259]
[0.039858389645814896]
[0.011856219731271267]
[0.039872583001852036]
[0.009805540554225445]
[0.039869096130132675]
[0.03985895216464996]
[0.10837820172309875]
[0.13877588510513306]
[0.039817243814468384]
[0.010665926150977612]
[0.002352108946070075]
[0.002266260329633951]
[0.08167155086994171]
[0.014203927479684353]
[0.0012219477212056518]
[0.002001605462282896]
[0.0012714156182482839]
[0.4847950041294098]
[0.004458589944988489]
[0.00676477886736393]
[0.001362600945867598]
[0.14087116718292236]
[0.054634734988212585]
[0.039732322096824646]
[0.0009742225520312786]
[0.03972272574901581]
[0.0007908783154562116]
[0.0067101167514920235]
[0.07438632845878601]
[0.09987735748291016]
[0.0009039156138896942]
[0.2468123584985733]
[0.007872105576097965]
[0.007303617428988218]
[0.07248648256063461]
[0.000981430523097515]
[0.008694925345480442]
[0.017543630674481392]
[0.12747354805469513]
[0.005833673290908337]
[0.05846156179904938]
[0.01319030486047268]
[0.004194378387182951]
[0.0967610776424408]
[0.002937090117484331]
[0.1332952082157135]
[0.0007123854011297226]
[0.10483735054731369]
[0.0021997815929353237]
[0.003915517125278711]
[0.012470535933971405]
[0.0011636897688731551]
[0.08010970056056976]
[0.1334313452243805]
[0.01776440627872944]
[0.0007657418609596789]
[0.0012882917653769255]
[0.0010597850196063519]
[0.015548459254205227]
[0.002633693628013134]
[0.005338761955499649]
[0.006905260495841503]
[0.004150926601141691]
[0.02133120596408844]
[0.004279062617570162]
[0.01951104775071144]
[0.006373211275786161]
[0.0016875113360583782]
[0.0021918569691479206]
[0.18471737205982208]
[0.0018147886730730534]
[0.03974340111017227]
[0.009105573408305645]
[0.039734527468681335]
[0.6191372871398926]
[0.002012954792007804]
[0.0013084401143714786]
[0.010782327502965927]
[0.005642995238304138]
[0.001527105108834803]
[0.0010388251394033432]
[0.016080578789114952]
[0.0016873118001967669]
[0.11932836472988129]
[0.037509627640247345]
[0.022409960627555847]
[0.014417486265301704]
[0.05561324208974838]
[0.0021023524459451437]
[0.003066618461161852]
[0.001200023340061307]
[0.12202800065279007]
[0.001248047105036676]
[0.010732073336839676]
[0.07367294281721115]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0012144267093390226]
[0.002129213884472847]
[0.010102305561304092]
[0.010581115260720253]
[0.0009933605324476957]
[0.0012688629794865847]
[0.09490442276000977]
[0.07249385118484497]
[0.009428972378373146]
[0.013297929428517818]
[0.010945848189294338]
[0.0017122532008215785]
[0.0007983031100593507]
[0.0007677568355575204]
[0.07241208851337433]
[0.0007181576802395284]
[0.07565681636333466]
[0.0007866234518587589]
[0.13299474120140076]
[0.039390791207551956]
[0.008706054650247097]
[0.0009703405085019767]
[0.001715611550025642]
[0.001722086570225656]
[0.002928338246420026]
[0.004906340967863798]
[0.005047434940934181]
[0.15703897178173065]
[0.007719371933490038]
[0.001408262294717133]
[0.006705911830067635]
[0.03949044644832611]
[0.014414043165743351]
[0.010264205746352673]
[0.26017093658447266]
[0.006941278465092182]
[0.0049589406698942184]
[0.0013286671601235867]
[0.005957660730928183]
[0.0011465116403996944]
[0.03956511616706848]
[0.22544845938682556]
[0.12075304239988327]
[0.007268337067216635]
[0.009668465703725815]
[0.0008847778080962598]
[0.006333501543849707]
[0.0045695253647863865]
[0.009730944409966469]
[0.021501803770661354]
[0.09930570423603058]
[0.03964019566774368]
[0.0012061954475939274]
[0.15949520468711853]
[0.006069958209991455]
[0.006820112932473421]
[0.005051898770034313]
[0.039669670164585114]
[0.004096977412700653]
[0.010028695687651634]
[0.0010329392971470952]
[0.014181247912347317]
[0.015452016144990921]
[0.09908507019281387]
[0.0017420074436813593]
[0.0015920379664748907]
[0.01618185266852379]
[0.0008942900458350778]
[0.012908702716231346]
[0.00658514304086566]
[0.1128576472401619]
[0.0007414905703626573]
[0.0011528455652296543]
[0.006126249209046364]
[0.08253911137580872]
[0.000679300632327795]
[0.03977604955434799]
[0.008426097221672535]
[0.005619339179247618]
[0.03977585211396217]
[0.3790886700153351]
[0.007197409402579069]
[0.0742349773645401]
[0.004407728090882301]
[0.1257043480873108]
[0.0060641104355454445]
[0.28373467922210693]
[0.14885729551315308]
[0.0008931652409955859]
[0.01275234017521143]
[0.03977514058351517]
[0.0014803825179114938]
[0.15319468080997467]
[0.01567680388689041]
[0.003602956887334585]
[0.0008236033609136939]
[0.005549793131649494]
[0.006647123023867607]
[0.1293879598379135]
[0.003137847874313593]
[0.0030597320292145014]
[0.001371003338135779]
[0.0721028745174408]
[0.0013531579170376062]
[0.05035507678985596]
[0.0016441583866253495]
[0.005188066512346268]
[0.0009764930582605302]
[0.07821029424667358]
[0.07195380330085754]
[0.000753272557631135]
[0.0007223068387247622]
[0.000890175870154053]
[0.06890934705734253]
[0.13724739849567413]
[0.005408927332609892]
[0.0056602503173053265]
[0.0007612768094986677]
[0.024194026365876198]
[0.006816175766289234]
[0.40245211124420166]
[0.039924655109643936]
[0.08006762713193893]
[0.014885726384818554]
[0.011153030209243298]
[0.004897649399936199]
[0.00724493432790041]
[0.005722000729292631]
[0.0013285757740959525]
[0.000795461586676538]
[0.010727474465966225]
[0.07136756926774979]
[0.012612164951860905]
[0.0006235934561118484]
[0.0032078521326184273]
[0.002205129014328122]
[0.0016778549179434776]
[0.01399536244571209]
[0.01560241263359785]
[0.1190638318657875]
[0.00074674905044958]
[0.0007635709480382502]
[0.004877656232565641]
[0.07592392712831497]
[0.04002074897289276]
[0.0407199002802372]
[0.01602279394865036]
[0.006038227118551731]
[0.0015008167829364538]
[0.005027467384934425]
[0.008665465749800205]
[0.009874838404357433]
[0.00512330885976553]
[0.07121425867080688]
[0.18947361409664154]
[0.0073387413285672665]
[0.15232674777507782]
[0.00612796563655138]
[0.4456537365913391]
[0.8207977414131165]
[0.18826179206371307]
[0.01412737462669611]
[0.019606731832027435]
[0.0034263371489942074]
[0.007051642518490553]
[0.004338334314525127]
[0.002301350235939026]
[0.0026580991689115763]
[0.1832623928785324]
[0.009901723824441433]
[0.010864167474210262]
[0.021933777257800102]
[0.07822057604789734]
[0.00661897799000144]
[0.001964666647836566]
[0.008353732526302338]
[0.006217711605131626]
[0.07174097001552582]
[0.299248605966568]
[0.0007766113267280161]
[0.0075155324302613735]
[0.0028789881616830826]
[0.31959787011146545]
[0.005951272323727608]
[0.021210310980677605]
[0.07352737337350845]
[0.005733285564929247]
[0.08482364565134048]
[0.05769162252545357]
[0.025149986147880554]
[0.001691249432042241]
[0.0010474943555891514]
[0.19759762287139893]
[0.08033739030361176]
[0.0008156619733199477]
[0.00134056166280061]
[0.012620963156223297]
[0.0348244272172451]
[0.016445910558104515]
[0.06487181782722473]
[0.011349902488291264]
[0.142736554145813]
[0.003242694539949298]
[0.01691325381398201]
[0.11114999651908875]
[0.0035231488291174173]
[0.005134587176144123]
[0.004284294322133064]
[0.04038257524371147]
[0.001706433016806841]
[0.20047153532505035]
[0.04039944335818291]
[0.002049831673502922]
[0.12383155524730682]
[0.019657546654343605]
[0.0026580619160085917]
[0.04036301001906395]
[0.016263963654637337]
[0.0045547327026724815]
[0.00285774446092546]
[0.23141658306121826]
[0.004900277126580477]
[0.0007637887611053884]
[0.23080049455165863]
[0.04032180458307266]
[0.05613245815038681]
[0.0051735322922468185]
[0.002020584186539054]
[0.07097804546356201]
[0.001650612917728722]
[0.005735378246754408]
[0.036319561302661896]
[0.020460402593016624]
[0.001914856256917119]
[0.0035909677390009165]
[0.02248283475637436]
[0.8704171776771545]
[0.004228560719639063]
[0.0014525753213092685]
[0.04023124650120735]
[0.22609664499759674]
[0.0195838063955307]
[0.04015175998210907]
[0.007345902733504772]
[0.01621786318719387]
[0.013438490219414234]
[0.040061190724372864]
[0.006111272610723972]
[0.020773302763700485]
[0.01728099212050438]
[0.001919649657793343]
[0.3614638149738312]
[0.20116229355335236]
[0.2244880348443985]
[0.07111553102731705]
[0.0006110063404776156]
[0.0021501658484339714]
[0.10613114386796951]
[0.039973825216293335]
[0.07307064533233643]
[0.29676541686058044]
[0.0215146541595459]
[0.0013502371730282903]
[0.0821903795003891]
[0.0020742430351674557]
[0.13638928532600403]
[0.017040764912962914]
[0.13568903505802155]
[0.00804918073117733]
[0.005420622415840626]
[0.0015950313536450267]
[0.001549593056552112]
[0.0012927348725497723]
[0.013089221902191639]
[0.16578739881515503]
[0.016638807952404022]
[0.05307433009147644]
[0.012755375355482101]
[0.010352454148232937]
[0.040146760642528534]
[0.01453598402440548]
[0.3149259686470032]
[0.012291895225644112]
[0.0026697663124650717]
[0.0011152280494570732]
[0.11846096068620682]
[0.0019238055683672428]
[0.16449201107025146]
[0.001857051975093782]
[0.016076041385531425]
[0.04018433392047882]
[0.003449084470048547]
[0.0030695071909576654]
[0.18015937507152557]
[0.09836192429065704]
[0.0017922919942066073]
[0.0020679139997810125]
[0.01057165116071701]
[0.002028541872277856]
[0.0019551061559468508]
[0.12937387824058533]
[0.0009705121628940105]
[0.006534351035952568]
[0.3789623975753784]
[0.019347401335835457]
[0.10729936510324478]
[0.0057859946973621845]
[0.011818663217127323]
[0.010758031159639359]
[0.023142527788877487]
[0.13389238715171814]
[0.0013387928484007716]
[0.003306267550215125]
[0.001995525788515806]
[0.4025140702724457]
[0.0056696985848248005]
[0.000870094052515924]
[0.040150221437215805]
[0.47369149327278137]
[0.005357111804187298]
[0.0030764190014451742]
[0.08745376765727997]
[0.20171335339546204]
[0.21904577314853668]
[0.0754387155175209]
[0.04017254337668419]
[0.004187761340290308]
[0.10756003111600876]
[0.07360316812992096]
[0.0029549289029091597]
[0.0018282376695424318]
[0.03425115719437599]
[0.08653164654970169]
[0.0017644959734752774]
[0.006808245088905096]
[0.04022378847002983]
[0.23590818047523499]
[0.004439875483512878]
[0.04994838312268257]
[0.0005973951774649322]
[0.22474423050880432]
[0.0023308079689741135]
[0.017027083784341812]
[0.0011726368684321642]
[0.01967940852046013]
[0.030004996806383133]
[0.0012694300385192037]
[0.025954393669962883]
[0.022655263543128967]
[0.010944000445306301]
[0.004419372882694006]
[0.011244735680520535]
[0.009337111376225948]
[0.01016699057072401]
[0.08527739346027374]
[0.0057471259497106075]
[0.012911269441246986]
[0.12047373503446579]
[0.001640062197111547]
[0.016105756163597107]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.030996669083833694]
[0.08563457429409027]
[0.0876888856291771]
[0.01617175154387951]
[0.0564822293817997]
[0.0026852882001549006]
[0.17142802476882935]
[0.040511857718229294]
[0.0004280833527445793]
[0.005162172485142946]
[0.0024597260635346174]
[0.003736853366717696]
[0.07565074414014816]
[0.0028276429511606693]
[0.4299117922782898]
[0.008860808797180653]
[0.16112466156482697]
[0.0027650794945657253]
[0.003385817166417837]
[0.027606863528490067]
[0.040628332644701004]
[0.033876460045576096]
[0.1112741082906723]
[0.004109659232199192]
[0.016158973798155785]
[0.0009829027112573385]
[0.0010102549567818642]
[0.0009535394492559135]
[0.008191829547286034]
[0.13167709112167358]
[0.0023348566610366106]
[0.038274724036455154]
[0.007512299343943596]
[0.001526219886727631]
[0.005540649872273207]
[0.027766400948166847]
[0.14963750541210175]
[0.002367359818890691]
[0.00855955295264721]
[0.00045904991566203535]
[0.0022987492848187685]
[0.0012649578275159001]
[0.49209681153297424]
[0.0003894582623615861]
[0.0012931530363857746]
[0.011757328175008297]
[0.5935111045837402]
[0.0016204012790694833]
[0.016704531386494637]
[0.00233413721434772]
[0.16500774025917053]
[0.0009870341746136546]
[0.010726634413003922]
[0.0021184664219617844]
[0.2723222076892853]
[0.008056527934968472]
[0.0019582228269428015]
[0.0004128892323933542]
[0.4719630777835846]
[0.034426674246788025]
[0.22784648835659027]
[0.028351476415991783]
[0.19185836613178253]
[0.04054579138755798]
[0.2599523663520813]
[0.0028968460392206907]
[0.0019347055349498987]
[0.09274320304393768]
[0.019239649176597595]
[0.012533600442111492]
[0.039253540337085724]
[0.1582217663526535]
[0.004227054305374622]
[0.0017434837063774467]
[0.018663357943296432]
[0.00034608968417160213]
[0.006208284292370081]
[0.04062846302986145]
[0.02056819386780262]
[0.07903420925140381]
[0.001411205856129527]
[0.009203912690281868]
[0.006934685632586479]
[0.0027777019422501326]
[0.07202892005443573]
[0.0048652635887265205]
[0.0212735366076231]
[0.020295405760407448]
[0.00039534043753519654]
[0.017215032130479813]
[0.05553377792239189]
[0.0008878689841367304]
[0.5162678360939026]
[0.29609158635139465]
[0.002089075045660138]
[0.04073192551732063]
[0.04073125496506691]
[0.07286947220563889]
[0.00982216652482748]
[0.028448009863495827]
[0.001021849107928574]
[0.0005185684422031045]
[0.2771208584308624]
[0.014886423014104366]
[0.09216815233230591]
[0.014071965590119362]
[0.04071224108338356]
[0.17796966433525085]
[0.0072458223439753056]
[0.010241447947919369]
[0.0015867926413193345]
[0.07276687771081924]
[0.1519029289484024]
[0.0007278554840013385]
[0.08148050308227539]
[0.0016893279971554875]
[0.01308281347155571]
[0.0013067949330434203]
[0.0005289604887366295]
[0.11670327186584473]
[0.0021382190752774477]
[0.0031052425038069487]
[0.0010492566507309675]
[0.010043658316135406]
[0.0012336383806541562]
[0.01060472521930933]
[0.0006428650813177228]
[0.01055398490279913]
[0.04079882800579071]
[0.0029940037056803703]
[0.2879598140716553]
[0.0007038864423520863]
[0.07245973497629166]
[0.006882278714329004]
[0.0011216792045161128]
[0.007883853279054165]
[0.0016752746887505054]
[0.05008597671985626]
[0.006920056417584419]
[0.07241391390562057]
[0.0020128951873630285]
[0.0036452740896493196]
[0.00276069319806993]
[0.002818710170686245]
[0.0006996390875428915]
[0.26765182614326477]
[0.001001065713353455]
[0.1436120569705963]
[0.26462262868881226]
[0.002083638682961464]
[0.001644628238864243]
[0.12836334109306335]
[0.0017505777068436146]
[0.04084743931889534]
[0.0011581153376027942]
[0.002226919634267688]
[0.24788518249988556]
[0.004973944276571274]
[0.0009165334631688893]
[0.0028932373970746994]
[0.015711585059762]
[0.13270895183086395]
[0.001797680975869298]
[0.0009095940040424466]
[0.0019622398540377617]
[0.04079074785113335]
[0.0037802315782755613]
[0.07229453325271606]
[0.010700244456529617]
[0.0021028530318289995]
[0.004775174427777529]
[0.013625642284750938]
[0.10589545220136642]
[0.0003026274498552084]
[0.0010245735757052898]
[0.0015083863399922848]
[0.2706576883792877]
[0.004177266266196966]
[0.0030022154096513987]
[0.4222664535045624]
[0.0006461952580139041]
[0.0013257079990580678]
[0.07369886338710785]
[0.16055847704410553]
[0.008747797459363937]
[0.007825824432075024]
[0.12421102821826935]
[0.0017069499008357525]
[0.002153379376977682]
[0.0011610188521444798]
[0.023895516991615295]
[0.040690455585718155]
[0.06329398602247238]
[0.0021046283654868603]
[0.0031079603359103203]
[0.0030390366446226835]
[0.002820416586473584]
[0.030441448092460632]
[0.009961720556020737]
[0.0018100817687809467]
[0.07208246737718582]
[0.014296547509729862]
[0.018735146149992943]
[0.0054154591634869576]
[0.010507793165743351]
[0.0067812418565154076]
[0.003471367759630084]
[0.019019940868020058]
[0.03568468242883682]
[0.0008537197718396783]
[0.009859670884907246]
[0.004084738437086344]
[0.0006764284335076809]
[0.0015470634680241346]
[0.007913520559668541]
[0.008387970738112926]
[0.07216042280197144]
[0.0038627067115157843]
[0.0006454848335124552]
[0.1829093098640442]
[0.005371206905692816]
[0.002009257208555937]
[0.002047540619969368]
[0.007237055338919163]
[0.0022389793302863836]
[0.001198857557028532]
[0.1098027229309082]
[0.005079147405922413]
[0.0013608329463750124]
[0.040915731340646744]
[0.7463176250457764]
[0.052518125623464584]
[0.12387799471616745]
[0.013035815209150314]
[0.01340081449598074]
[0.22957752645015717]
[0.004735010210424662]
[0.0018238466000184417]
[0.09843461960554123]
[0.0017901196843013167]
[0.0893312394618988]
[0.008994940668344498]
[0.018959080800414085]
[0.43900585174560547]
[0.0014246786013245583]
[0.002436708426102996]
[0.001767079229466617]
[0.0018154658610001206]
[0.0017118179239332676]
[0.0015445920871570706]
[0.01426776871085167]
[0.0012794274371117353]
[0.009072298184037209]
[0.15064959228038788]
[0.018945641815662384]
[0.001794230192899704]
[0.10099311918020248]
[0.28928372263908386]
[0.001558481715619564]
[0.018270285800099373]
[0.0017993550281971693]
[0.022834982722997665]
[0.11628604680299759]
[0.23002393543720245]
[0.12207391858100891]
[0.0009163056965917349]
[0.014688335359096527]
[0.011791025288403034]
[0.07513437420129776]
[0.20890690386295319]
[0.005446987692266703]
[0.01628762111067772]
[0.00384713988751173]
[0.23333929479122162]
[0.017700618132948875]
[0.06844565272331238]
[0.0011560223065316677]
[0.014940321445465088]
[0.000997207360342145]
[0.001747921691276133]
[0.0026583278086036444]
[0.23582926392555237]
[0.0017461535753682256]
[0.002759538358077407]
[0.10814737528562546]
[0.16895601153373718]
[0.006678757723420858]
[0.0041499934159219265]
[0.01801113411784172]
[0.00292986654676497]
[0.08245398849248886]
[0.023664794862270355]
[0.0012081624008715153]
[0.0006752070039510727]
[0.0031824710313230753]
[0.0018848995678126812]
[0.0718875378370285]
[0.0006580502376891673]
[0.07235369086265564]
[0.013709262944757938]
[0.02118026092648506]
[0.17501260340213776]
[0.022028669714927673]
[0.08545177429914474]
[0.011078652925789356]
[0.012122810818254948]
[0.021572239696979523]
[0.10077636688947678]
[0.009364505298435688]
[0.0006117304437793791]
[0.0005827285349369049]
[0.01098255068063736]
[0.0013499850174412131]
[0.16792674362659454]
[0.06493385881185532]
[0.0015157139860093594]
[0.003986580763012171]
[0.006066109985113144]
[0.008174873888492584]
[0.11907874792814255]
[0.000798811437562108]
[0.11695943772792816]
[0.004023448098450899]
[0.07180402427911758]
[0.4783667027950287]
[0.11817984282970428]
[0.07173113524913788]
[0.00730584841221571]
[0.019583886489272118]
[0.0023613120429217815]
[0.003717700019478798]
[0.008459804579615593]
[0.04163584113121033]
[0.04163162782788277]
[0.0040740324184298515]
[0.0474126897752285]
[0.1544959992170334]
[0.1417538970708847]
[0.004022238776087761]
[0.00890375766903162]
[0.0017150524072349072]
[0.0026743717025965452]
[0.005265577230602503]
[0.0009565984946675599]
[0.02041536383330822]
[0.0009626581449992955]
[0.0037071662954986095]
[0.002231002552434802]
[0.27417299151420593]
[0.2712916433811188]
[0.0023213408421725035]
[0.041679657995700836]
[0.01389538124203682]
[0.010592889972031116]
[0.03196316584944725]
[0.025027643889188766]
[0.0030376685317605734]
[0.026186518371105194]
[0.0007942263036966324]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.6035770177841187]
[0.041679080575704575]
[0.008412671275436878]
[0.11112097650766373]
[0.07152539491653442]
[0.0047609866596758366]
[0.0006088677328079939]
[0.0016046629752963781]
[0.016855036839842796]
[0.0021821418777108192]
[0.04157216101884842]
[0.0021131248213350773]
[0.0005191686213947833]
[0.03458783030509949]
[0.30968743562698364]
[0.0060740686021745205]
[0.00626842025667429]
[0.009867902845144272]
[0.03061079978942871]
[0.002022273140028119]
[0.04152057319879532]
[0.093638114631176]
[0.004453157540410757]
[0.0016704926965758204]
[0.17304958403110504]
[0.013759859837591648]
[0.3651360273361206]
[0.41649383306503296]
[0.0007615007343702018]
[0.01215313095599413]
[0.015755707398056984]
[0.00967240147292614]
[0.002479283604770899]
[0.18801435828208923]
[0.3924385905265808]
[0.005951280705630779]
[0.011075310409069061]
[0.002846415853127837]
[0.01993514783680439]
[0.14958256483078003]
[0.004446343053132296]
[0.0024625202640891075]
[0.0011057831579819322]
[0.00239090109243989]
[0.10119672864675522]
[0.04181137681007385]
[0.015051416121423244]
[0.3106391429901123]
[0.041801806539297104]
[0.006656893528997898]
[0.00086634122999385]
[0.0032184370793402195]
[0.04810294136404991]
[0.04172052815556526]
[0.011569316498935223]
[0.0010630517499521375]
[0.0008766729151830077]
[0.29898422956466675]
[0.002148076891899109]
[0.19447815418243408]
[0.0016020417679101229]
[0.0009100654860958457]
[0.15717613697052002]
[0.0018745107809081674]
[0.34407997131347656]
[0.0017192517407238483]
[0.01773918978869915]
[0.0024303272366523743]
[0.00297820963896811]
[0.0007917579496279359]
[0.008862913586199284]
[0.1329033225774765]
[0.006345250178128481]
[0.003915626555681229]
[0.004592337179929018]
[0.041725222021341324]
[0.0019933695439249277]
[0.3263358175754547]
[0.0021972530521452427]
[0.422539621591568]
[0.005040903575718403]
[0.0010927853872999549]
[0.004135137423872948]
[0.010794314555823803]
[0.0016249923501163721]
[0.015377338975667953]
[0.05733035132288933]
[0.00454117963090539]
[0.0020214631222188473]
[0.3239593505859375]
[0.031454458832740784]
[0.2349207103252411]
[0.017998740077018738]
[0.0026390214916318655]
[0.13182887434959412]
[0.0029678745195269585]
[0.0029280618764460087]
[0.037835266441106796]
[0.05035984888672829]
[0.041897568851709366]
[0.004367792047560215]
[0.0006901057786308229]
[0.0014922337140887976]
[0.0013273044023662806]
[0.00662668002769351]
[0.03568704053759575]
[0.007968406192958355]
[0.11181973665952682]
[0.0006256753113120794]
[0.0037597650662064552]
[0.001498500700108707]
[0.004689692985266447]
[0.2705555558204651]
[0.3780010938644409]
[0.09662007540464401]
[0.015979798510670662]
[0.007137252017855644]
[0.014160399325191975]
[0.002085666637867689]
[0.0014969420153647661]
[0.11018466204404831]
[0.0027194051072001457]
[0.04200798645615578]
[0.0014789171982556581]
[0.0010831833351403475]
[0.2241653949022293]
[0.20494277775287628]
[0.042014721781015396]
[0.0020006827544420958]
[0.13550955057144165]
[0.0029747679363936186]
[0.01599009521305561]
[0.0042427401058375835]
[0.022238848730921745]
[0.02357032708823681]
[0.02048483118414879]
[0.019198749214410782]
[0.7348568439483643]
[0.004224186763167381]
[0.001499831210821867]
[0.16688361763954163]
[0.020504968240857124]
[0.0023182339500635862]
[0.0005494127981364727]
[0.001023800577968359]
[0.411687970161438]
[0.024663234129548073]
[0.0016843680059537292]
[0.5329827070236206]
[0.0036861535627394915]
[0.0011553947115316987]
[0.42902833223342896]
[0.0017020604573190212]
[0.0005501301493495703]
[0.3043869137763977]
[0.01973307877779007]
[0.049127764999866486]
[0.0033099607098847628]
[0.0008640018058940768]
[0.030027931556105614]
[0.0027165680658072233]
[0.0601440854370594]
[0.0014651183737441897]
[0.0716458410024643]
[0.4778687357902527]
[0.0011409178841859102]
[0.001175928977318108]
[0.011382612399756908]
[0.30917292833328247]
[0.016333160921931267]
[0.004996088799089193]
[0.012926077470183372]
[0.005027530714869499]
[0.0826333612203598]
[0.09351952373981476]
[0.0008890187018550932]
[0.0031286044977605343]
[0.000639290374238044]
[0.04417332634329796]
[0.04209128022193909]
[0.0067488630302250385]
[0.00271937670186162]
[0.0010521806543692946]
[0.17063181102275848]
[0.6528868675231934]
[0.16252394020557404]
[0.0006667612469755113]
[0.007549256552010775]
[0.006915379781275988]
[0.014057100750505924]
[0.0008695378201082349]
[0.14823812246322632]
[0.20347140729427338]
[0.0014147150795906782]
[0.025543687865138054]
[0.04220196604728699]
[0.07210949808359146]
[0.2657751739025116]
[0.01676468551158905]
[0.04172872379422188]
[0.0021041990257799625]
[0.137398362159729]
[0.009558608755469322]
[0.009024587459862232]
[0.000523204798810184]
[0.006722801830619574]
[0.0008054194040596485]
[0.009365485049784184]
[0.0006879432476125658]
[0.10350669920444489]
[0.0009951757965609431]
[0.005274076014757156]
[0.03623874858021736]
[0.00079201819607988]
[0.02773633971810341]
[0.14542165398597717]
[0.0017070828471332788]
[0.004253360442817211]
[0.004302296321839094]
[0.003761144820600748]
[0.03247613459825516]
[0.0039461757987737656]
[0.0033167812507599592]
[0.024269161745905876]
[0.0034232186153531075]
[0.027619440108537674]
[0.02872641012072563]
[0.00045844458509236574]
[0.04245252162218094]
[0.0005179772269912064]
[0.024298692122101784]
[0.07412436604499817]
[0.02056858129799366]
[0.0031636906787753105]
[0.0725228488445282]
[0.0006990424008108675]
[0.021996406838297844]
[0.0006785622099414468]
[0.45759251713752747]
[0.0036419702228158712]
[0.0003269657609052956]
[0.016464123502373695]
[0.071767158806324]
[0.007237089332193136]
[0.04239191487431526]
[0.08680745959281921]
[0.0009173327125608921]
[0.004344680346548557]
[0.002159088384360075]
[0.0011608951026573777]
[0.014651349745690823]
[0.07155618071556091]
[0.008137845434248447]
[0.0014145184541121125]
[0.006803874392062426]
[0.002554622944444418]
[0.01892278343439102]
[0.0018866212340071797]
[0.11485964059829712]
[0.02312667854130268]
[0.009763142094016075]
[0.006034748163074255]
[0.002155386609956622]
[0.011507470160722733]
[0.07134068757295609]
[0.04240166023373604]
[0.0013602125691249967]
[0.04240463301539421]
[0.008205093443393707]
[0.0017078996170312166]
[0.4090830981731415]
[0.00711832894012332]
[0.11604390293359756]
[0.18713653087615967]
[0.0024517637211829424]
[0.07788069546222687]
[0.003153229597955942]
[0.0009789925534278154]
[0.0034614726901054382]
[0.04163670167326927]
[0.5213748812675476]
[0.22062581777572632]
[0.09909014403820038]
[0.5821887254714966]
[0.2349824458360672]
[0.00840330682694912]
[0.01373541634529829]
[0.020459208637475967]
[0.001319682109169662]
[0.27143144607543945]
[0.019054625183343887]
[0.004865654278546572]
[0.021327566355466843]
[0.04138435423374176]
[0.10578536242246628]
[0.07870840281248093]
[0.0026659348513931036]
[0.022181538864970207]
[0.11039383709430695]
[0.0733274593949318]
[0.35858985781669617]
[0.0315404087305069]
[0.0030797701328992844]
[0.0021468258928507566]
[0.015316876582801342]
[0.00946875847876072]
[0.020337698981165886]
[0.006065321620553732]
[0.002754093147814274]
[0.04423470422625542]
[0.36492398381233215]
[0.01190818939357996]
[0.04246852546930313]
[0.0068100132048130035]
[0.00634791748598218]
[0.0008794986642897129]
[0.20388391613960266]
[0.14712415635585785]
[0.000719232193659991]
[0.003101056208834052]
[0.0016081874491646886]
[0.006404968909919262]
[0.008630392141640186]
[0.00831264816224575]
[0.0077577801421284676]
[0.05828084051609039]
[0.0015385198639705777]
[0.005533257499337196]
[0.0018368825549259782]
[0.042381782084703445]
[0.04237675294280052]
[0.0025438647717237473]
[0.0015414293156936765]
[0.0013381970347836614]
[0.0006245101103559136]
[0.0034488094970583916]
[0.006640339270234108]
[0.04349817708134651]
[0.005229375325143337]
[0.013789760880172253]
[0.002409564796835184]
[0.0027121389284729958]
[0.007301604375243187]
[0.04230117425322533]
[0.10970408469438553]
[0.0005127140320837498]
[0.0019339750288054347]
[0.002731864107772708]
[0.07233516871929169]
[0.042265333235263824]
[0.1844298392534256]
[0.0008434275514446199]
[0.0028576806653290987]
[0.002533195074647665]
[0.006300667300820351]
[0.15648196637630463]
[0.0025110351853072643]
[0.005998759996145964]
[0.0714835375547409]
[0.007327075581997633]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.07143349945545197]
[0.0005352136795409024]
[0.03710261732339859]
[0.0005518277175724506]
[0.0005686779040843248]
[0.02605198323726654]
[0.001046912744641304]
[0.0036985171027481556]
[0.02156703732907772]
[0.002449088031426072]
[0.00397976441308856]
[0.018401820212602615]
[0.00166002765763551]
[0.37947386503219604]
[0.0021149918902665377]
[0.004169067833572626]
[0.002193411812186241]
[0.21112416684627533]
[0.028816035017371178]
[0.002362224506214261]
[0.0023857662454247475]
[0.004687624517828226]
[0.1084032952785492]
[0.0003644924145191908]
[0.0017790442798286676]
[0.008368282578885555]
[0.07201404124498367]
[0.02670712023973465]
[0.018700050190091133]
[0.0043936483561992645]
[0.01217125914990902]
[0.0015835160156711936]
[0.0022479123435914516]
[0.0022112252190709114]
[0.008556517772376537]
[0.2315683513879776]
[0.00202379422262311]
[0.04255659878253937]
[0.0023191599175333977]
[0.001813318463973701]
[0.02210117317736149]
[0.33748432993888855]
[0.07225097715854645]
[0.002299421699717641]
[0.0021432607900351286]
[0.0018059483263641596]
[0.00279732933267951]
[0.13760298490524292]
[0.02084065042436123]
[0.00219136755913496]
[0.02027098461985588]
[0.01908966153860092]
[0.0018364661373198032]
[0.0006917734281159937]
[0.012701389379799366]
[0.0006429957575164735]
[0.002272416837513447]
[0.0006452210946008563]
[0.0012715230695903301]
[0.012847458943724632]
[0.0158346239477396]
[0.3310496211051941]
[0.013469980098307133]
[0.012227020226418972]
[0.014001146890223026]
[0.0018484548199921846]
[0.011818754486739635]
[0.0013302387669682503]
[0.0011925059370696545]
[0.10258589684963226]
[0.01037718914449215]
[0.0006478767027147114]
[0.005501653999090195]
[0.042660001665353775]
[0.009625169448554516]
[0.12404121458530426]
[0.07095027714967728]
[0.04265512153506279]
[0.00211281212978065]
[0.0018109576776623726]
[0.15618214011192322]
[0.012657045386731625]
[0.09853622317314148]
[0.010034977458417416]
[0.0017504963325336576]
[0.04264969378709793]
[0.0020079913083463907]
[0.0005756982136517763]
[0.011828919872641563]
[0.000965374056249857]
[0.000604598899371922]
[0.026911521330475807]
[0.16099011898040771]
[0.008826782926917076]
[0.0005850856541655958]
[0.005214484874159098]
[0.25957104563713074]
[0.0073445141315460205]
[0.008209016174077988]
[0.09035582840442657]
[0.0020287237130105495]
[0.028869282454252243]
[0.0035876401234418154]
[0.007833309471607208]
[0.15004323422908783]
[0.0032927554566413164]
[0.0037940172478556633]
[0.00044089858420193195]
[0.001871693879365921]
[0.0024742267560213804]
[0.0014774517621845007]
[0.0017323256470263004]
[0.07087478786706924]
[0.3228192627429962]
[0.4526309072971344]
[0.1362316757440567]
[0.0006882622255943716]
[0.0026397984474897385]
[0.0005494049983099103]
[0.011338773183524609]
[0.07070904225111008]
[0.008109436370432377]
[0.0042703463695943356]
[0.013066564686596394]
[0.016126692295074463]
[0.015622174367308617]
[0.0005328467232175171]
[0.008446801453828812]
[0.07082703709602356]
[0.02367933839559555]
[0.05001915618777275]
[0.0005138352862559259]
[0.005487953312695026]
[0.04312318190932274]
[0.005691945552825928]
[0.027449171990156174]
[0.010635452345013618]
[0.0022716280072927475]
[0.002765464596450329]
[0.002114217961207032]
[0.0795011967420578]
[0.0018579806201159954]
[0.023974580690264702]
[0.07054490596055984]
[0.3131900131702423]
[0.16428278386592865]
[0.13900212943553925]
[0.304008424282074]
[0.07219263911247253]
[0.031863149255514145]
[0.0009064225596375763]
[0.00100584770552814]
[0.0010714022209867835]
[0.07229144871234894]
[0.01058490201830864]
[0.01905757002532482]
[0.1796482801437378]
[0.024552064016461372]
[0.055860113352537155]
[0.003575146896764636]
[0.0018090781522914767]
[0.285795122385025]
[0.0027331903111189604]
[0.016093870624899864]
[0.005636391695588827]
[0.0019120441284030676]
[0.03000323474407196]
[0.0014373940648511052]
[0.003998579457402229]
[0.002208789810538292]
[0.003206977853551507]
[0.09493079036474228]
[0.04938079044222832]
[0.0021454195957630873]
[0.00664950255304575]
[0.0015241678338497877]
[0.04278523474931717]
[0.03626888990402222]
[0.04276615008711815]
[0.001985129900276661]
[0.0022571652662009]
[0.00728869391605258]
[0.0016569792060181499]
[0.0013860691105946898]
[0.0011193838436156511]
[0.0020633842796087265]
[0.01199516374617815]
[0.001906801713630557]
[0.011281912215054035]
[0.0015373018104583025]
[0.0038490304723381996]
[0.02407577447593212]
[0.0027630235999822617]
[0.001153513672761619]
[0.0016688941977918148]
[0.004005370195955038]
[0.005495084449648857]
[0.001314143999479711]
[0.003903827629983425]
[0.002865284914150834]
[0.11562521010637283]
[0.04261194169521332]
[0.0008910153992474079]
[0.0932096466422081]
[0.0008519422844983637]
[0.00704225292429328]
[0.04258522391319275]
[0.011792552657425404]
[0.018817834556102753]
[0.0008100393461063504]
[0.04741537943482399]
[0.027195021510124207]
[0.006214722990989685]
[0.012677529826760292]
[0.0030642682686448097]
[0.005676825065165758]
[0.15879853069782257]
[0.07952401787042618]
[0.0009419191628694534]
[0.33609095215797424]
[0.006959102116525173]
[0.04811728000640869]
[0.003514194395393133]
[0.001028882572427392]
[0.0031950739212334156]
[0.03922164440155029]
[0.08907153457403183]
[0.042515162378549576]
[0.001195702119730413]
[0.0019772048108279705]
[0.009941735304892063]
[0.15834224224090576]
[0.003976060543209314]
[0.019830042496323586]
[0.019232667982578278]
[0.003585667349398136]
[0.002639755606651306]
[0.006998094264417887]
[0.018156008794903755]
[0.1033196896314621]
[0.010403194464743137]
[0.07283380627632141]
[0.0022973548620939255]
[0.013096464797854424]
[0.02199902944266796]
[0.07084333896636963]
[0.0029633701778948307]
[0.002249839249998331]
[0.017941318452358246]
[0.0016690611373633146]
[0.010517296381294727]
[0.013460714370012283]
[0.012981398962438107]
[0.0020957174710929394]
[0.004495786502957344]
[0.19955912232398987]
[0.0425589419901371]
[0.016334138810634613]
[0.008902886882424355]
[0.009084410965442657]
[0.004062655381858349]
[0.0032924830447882414]
[0.07996432483196259]
[0.09153236448764801]
[0.002321790438145399]
[0.0013005513465031981]
[0.07839269191026688]
[0.001714532496407628]
[0.009621298871934414]
[0.0069894869811832905]
[0.12385547906160355]
[0.024340856820344925]
[0.015810085460543633]
[0.27862682938575745]
[0.005466817412525415]
[0.4790675640106201]
[0.006433131638914347]
[0.04262648895382881]
[0.01924634352326393]
[0.012062677182257175]
[0.2590280771255493]
[0.003269069129601121]
[0.22888261079788208]
[0.02521115355193615]
[0.003248887602239847]
[0.15550461411476135]
[0.004532942082732916]
[0.020304568111896515]
[0.0011698879534378648]
[0.2003955841064453]
[0.0022776240948587656]
[0.0030928868800401688]
[0.0012259063078090549]
[0.0017827005358412862]
[0.25833287835121155]
[0.006875351537019014]
[0.04259205982089043]
[0.0019715740345418453]
[0.0021811325568705797]
[0.00574627285823226]
[0.001505060587078333]
[0.0035777681041508913]
[0.02779972366988659]
[0.00198482908308506]
[0.7501916289329529]
[0.265962690114975]
[0.0011659619631245732]
[0.3046729564666748]
[0.24908576905727386]
[0.0023548107128590345]
[0.001693621976301074]
[0.0012164654908701777]
[0.0022544816602021456]
[0.4197157621383667]
[0.11025487631559372]
[0.07091255486011505]
[0.0011266208020970225]
[0.36148974299430847]
[0.0022226052824407816]
[0.30749574303627014]
[0.05077321082353592]
[0.07198517769575119]
[0.39129048585891724]
[0.011869323439896107]
[0.020352058112621307]
[0.0033365825656801462]
[0.0017538412939757109]
[0.009059539064764977]
[0.07048926502466202]
[0.001093363156542182]
[0.23471277952194214]
[0.0706729143857956]
[0.0025543079245835543]
[0.1757381111383438]
[0.12497139722108841]
[0.001069519086740911]
[0.13436394929885864]
[0.042639732360839844]
[0.021769637241959572]
[0.027189185842871666]
[0.21563753485679626]
[0.014025368727743626]
[0.30462950468063354]
[0.185702383518219]
[0.25877779722213745]
[0.010617706924676895]
[0.00809220690280199]
[0.002438580384477973]
[0.028644070029258728]
[0.027305295690894127]
[0.003400046145543456]
[0.0050043161027133465]
[0.0017422352684661746]
[0.002126474631950259]
[0.014233577996492386]
[0.008394476026296616]
[0.020496606826782227]
[0.010809955187141895]
[0.04261206462979317]
[0.002582586370408535]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.1408865600824356]
[0.20850986242294312]
[0.07777039706707001]
[0.14110884070396423]
[0.0042878082022070885]
[0.00319346459582448]
[0.11633274704217911]
[0.0022378938738256693]
[0.003446436719968915]
[0.16289712488651276]
[0.18494287133216858]
[0.6750495433807373]
[0.02391335554420948]
[0.0034951206762343645]
[0.01145324669778347]
[0.02350313402712345]
[0.14919865131378174]
[0.0018651103600859642]
[0.02516673319041729]
[0.0318429097533226]
[0.0448196604847908]
[0.010196912102401257]
[0.0015634840819984674]
[0.025583630427718163]
[0.07047472894191742]
[0.0014531358610838652]
[0.0015847580507397652]
[0.0022576155606657267]
[0.14128118753433228]
[0.042847391217947006]
[0.002312134252861142]
[0.17431578040122986]
[0.0015977883012965322]
[0.00219041109085083]
[0.15976615250110626]
[0.0010573953622952104]
[0.04277501627802849]
[0.11206317692995071]
[0.0013706652680411935]
[0.0038503098767250776]
[0.3807818293571472]
[0.09095785766839981]
[0.01527894102036953]
[0.011480177752673626]
[0.001553714624606073]
[0.08028503507375717]
[0.11123962700366974]
[0.001385854440741241]
[0.0010496817994862795]
[0.002811674727126956]
[0.06043161079287529]
[0.06446880102157593]
[0.0035092681646347046]
[0.035736292600631714]
[0.21622255444526672]
[0.003308952087536454]
[0.015932830050587654]
[0.07035945355892181]
[0.29438990354537964]
[0.0023749638348817825]
[0.001450231415219605]
[0.015586062334477901]
[0.00510754156857729]
[0.005784118082374334]
[0.2684103548526764]
[0.45082172751426697]
[0.0013833664124831557]
[0.001390137360431254]
[0.0013272750657051802]
[0.04268646240234375]
[0.02741200663149357]
[0.0022525633685290813]
[0.07031577825546265]
[0.013099477626383305]
[0.258206844329834]
[0.0020299162715673447]
[0.001763325766660273]
[0.07019875943660736]
[0.002313516568392515]
[0.002188799437135458]
[0.004008495714515448]
[0.2921963632106781]
[0.02710610441863537]
[0.35640156269073486]
[0.019829358905553818]
[0.002115697367116809]
[0.0007810694514773786]
[0.0426052063703537]
[0.1443982720375061]
[0.00563263613730669]
[0.6452183723449707]
[0.014640457928180695]
[0.0009409119957126677]
[0.042605865746736526]
[0.0032136784866452217]
[0.011725233867764473]
[0.0018268245039507747]
[0.0020527809392660856]
[0.0019449564861133695]
[0.001998607302084565]
[0.030215222388505936]
[0.0017388886772096157]
[0.004572372417896986]
[0.03982171416282654]
[0.005002032965421677]
[0.08757039904594421]
[0.06991569697856903]
[0.0019140888471156359]
[0.004881479777395725]
[0.0008541933493688703]
[0.014138474129140377]
[0.0007295830291695893]
[0.15528897941112518]
[0.002123443875461817]
[0.024021940305829048]
[0.022122953087091446]
[0.002528348471969366]
[0.004394798539578915]
[0.009306582622230053]
[0.005120571702718735]
[0.019583219662308693]
[0.38048502802848816]
[0.06965083628892899]
[0.10973208397626877]
[0.004925151821225882]
[0.3906259536743164]
[0.0008992903749458492]
[0.07066112011671066]
[0.002087667351588607]
[0.007889575324952602]
[0.004511671140789986]
[0.0007783944020047784]
[0.07202288508415222]
[0.0915551483631134]
[0.001690142322331667]
[0.04268300160765648]
[0.0029914751648902893]
[0.007424280047416687]
[0.001782595063559711]
[0.005275270435959101]
[0.09190661460161209]
[0.0068159629590809345]
[0.02472742833197117]
[0.004994487389922142]
[0.0014632396632805467]
[0.0011754303704947233]
[0.0033657802268862724]
[0.20418569445610046]
[0.0691085085272789]
[0.0017294867429882288]
[0.007851758971810341]
[0.001671328442171216]
[0.005034459289163351]
[0.013442275114357471]
[0.0013120215153321624]
[0.0030771305318921804]
[0.04277591407299042]
[0.0010723612504079938]
[0.010098827071487904]
[0.053671952337026596]
[0.11113530397415161]
[0.0014724660431966186]
[0.011129241436719894]
[0.0018268771236762404]
[0.001402422203682363]
[0.14447346329689026]
[0.004480279516428709]
[0.0030236104503273964]
[0.0044057248160243034]
[0.0011065233265981078]
[0.01031708437949419]
[0.0020553143694996834]
[0.0059829819947481155]
[0.006418217439204454]
[0.002042602514848113]
[0.0013724332675337791]
[0.08289514482021332]
[0.003453540150076151]
[0.055435311049222946]
[0.1167340949177742]
[0.010806641541421413]
[0.3356391489505768]
[0.005114885047078133]
[0.002994240028783679]
[0.1233210563659668]
[0.013045728206634521]
[0.016997776925563812]
[0.09958639740943909]
[0.0015106408391147852]
[0.005899213720113039]
[0.002076746430248022]
[0.009158444590866566]
[0.0055076563730835915]
[0.004306082148104906]
[0.0017394241876900196]
[0.0012008358025923371]
[0.04275673255324364]
[0.06898108869791031]
[0.1775873303413391]
[0.12470002472400665]
[0.004780173301696777]
[0.1553095430135727]
[0.06892135739326477]
[0.04276590049266815]
[0.15160100162029266]
[0.002509179525077343]
[0.004429538734257221]
[0.0020434942562133074]
[0.0011539552360773087]
[0.024230822920799255]
[0.0011102152056992054]
[0.18568196892738342]
[0.007010823115706444]
[0.06812870502471924]
[0.0017920478712767363]
[0.002272552577778697]
[0.002687879605218768]
[0.1089961901307106]
[0.05855275318026543]
[0.038184549659490585]
[0.001542664715088904]
[0.19019685685634613]
[0.0012665071990340948]
[0.0018920829752460122]
[0.014722324907779694]
[0.007415342144668102]
[0.16404573619365692]
[0.0735822468996048]
[0.00792687013745308]
[0.006419436540454626]
[0.0015960270538926125]
[0.00407069455832243]
[0.00336423865519464]
[0.004233373794704676]
[0.005353333428502083]
[0.003803062252700329]
[0.002006879774853587]
[0.12841057777404785]
[0.0011238413862884045]
[0.10801433771848679]
[0.001210964866913855]
[0.0027100834995508194]
[0.006056926213204861]
[0.004278972279280424]
[0.07754489779472351]
[0.0015460406430065632]
[0.00311278086155653]
[0.13551662862300873]
[0.005692767444998026]
[0.009721498005092144]
[0.003347733523696661]
[0.007310949731618166]
[0.3776829242706299]
[0.002209731610491872]
[0.00375742488540709]
[0.002060015220195055]
[0.735908567905426]
[0.019681209698319435]
[0.07711537927389145]
[0.001563486410304904]
[0.011546725407242775]
[0.0016856997972354293]
[0.004171803593635559]
[0.10844098031520844]
[0.00789326336234808]
[0.006162632722407579]
[0.13356290757656097]
[0.0017447201535105705]
[0.07856141775846481]
[0.08957114815711975]
[0.031059231609106064]
[0.019405629485845566]
[0.015728116035461426]
[0.09085666388273239]
[0.08241751790046692]
[0.06871402263641357]
[0.0037509086541831493]
[0.011537418700754642]
[0.0037898230366408825]
[0.0026696461718529463]
[0.004219372756779194]
[0.001363262184895575]
[0.13676413893699646]
[0.0017009994480758905]
[0.0013501133071258664]
[0.0029443867970257998]
[0.01686808653175831]
[0.0020699684973806143]
[0.003194683464244008]
[0.22365154325962067]
[0.04323134943842888]
[0.043227363377809525]
[0.13142737746238708]
[0.005476322025060654]
[0.0011455374769866467]
[0.0015344897983595729]
[0.002352258190512657]
[0.0014043111586943269]
[0.18187732994556427]
[0.1739376038312912]
[0.01185618620365858]
[0.010638981126248837]
[0.0022255147341638803]
[0.0020632613450288773]
[0.0174723993986845]
[0.012589355930685997]
[0.0017057429067790508]
[0.018160440027713776]
[0.00124802952632308]
[0.012908429838716984]
[0.004881055094301701]
[0.0010594486957415938]
[0.017779337242245674]
[0.026015186682343483]
[0.21956700086593628]
[0.04318097606301308]
[0.7446785569190979]
[0.00951225683093071]
[0.09345835447311401]
[0.02779274433851242]
[0.09246356785297394]
[0.037701889872550964]
[0.13043376803398132]
[0.006567841395735741]
[0.002479618415236473]
[0.028373360633850098]
[0.06866944581270218]
[0.14445722103118896]
[0.007909630425274372]
[0.15821804106235504]
[0.2630962133407593]
[0.0022085278760641813]
[0.004520121030509472]
[0.0012030621292069554]
[0.20708703994750977]
[0.0008552238577976823]
[0.07690016180276871]
[0.013636698946356773]
[0.1272105574607849]
[0.11950141936540604]
[0.07140251994132996]
[0.0014156447723507881]
[0.015231260098516941]
[0.1694008857011795]
[0.2227388322353363]
[0.0012977489968761802]
[0.27172738313674927]
[0.04292330890893936]
[0.002114054746925831]
[0.3219459056854248]
[0.006440212018787861]
[0.003620697883889079]
[0.0016893930733203888]
[0.02331911027431488]
[0.1559525728225708]
[0.0010268375044688582]
[0.0032781653571873903]
[0.0015112924156710505]
[0.5215907096862793]
[0.08115807175636292]
[0.5019884705543518]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0014932849444448948]
[0.0014578384580090642]
[0.011467540636658669]
[0.05469964072108269]
[0.007779773324728012]
[0.14515751600265503]
[0.003554379101842642]
[0.0019412604160606861]
[0.16718068718910217]
[0.014540964737534523]
[0.008321944624185562]
[0.0012719434453174472]
[0.001050394494086504]
[0.001152247772552073]
[0.005931283347308636]
[0.003290897235274315]
[0.01469770073890686]
[0.009660822339355946]
[0.11169856041669846]
[0.04291316494345665]
[0.0027447280008345842]
[0.0012716279597952962]
[0.013473335653543472]
[0.09802926331758499]
[0.10060041397809982]
[0.019248388707637787]
[0.0009801655542105436]
[0.15675076842308044]
[0.12366575002670288]
[0.0030860176775604486]
[0.016281450167298317]
[0.0012153885327279568]
[0.025753777474164963]
[0.004534769803285599]
[0.0012149278772994876]
[0.0011706111254170537]
[0.04288702830672264]
[0.003340131137520075]
[0.0017822907539084554]
[0.2996029555797577]
[0.0015354764182120562]
[0.1432575285434723]
[0.017436405643820763]
[0.0011912340996786952]
[0.0012255162000656128]
[0.004181841388344765]
[0.0028205772396177053]
[0.0005050156032666564]
[0.004322899505496025]
[0.0012029876234009862]
[0.005486500449478626]
[0.003352802013978362]
[0.0690956562757492]
[0.0011939541436731815]
[0.132113516330719]
[0.3339657485485077]
[0.13919182121753693]
[0.0019430209649726748]
[0.0038886398542672396]
[0.3340023458003998]
[0.0030846809968352318]
[0.04290369525551796]
[0.1601218730211258]
[0.0032808654941618443]
[0.054942987859249115]
[0.0034974985755980015]
[0.0027271441649645567]
[0.0010667055612429976]
[0.25085389614105225]
[0.011527128517627716]
[0.0016857767477631569]
[0.0027749044820666313]
[0.0028977743349969387]
[0.02574644237756729]
[0.0013926029205322266]
[0.03140784800052643]
[0.15677452087402344]
[0.02764301933348179]
[0.02009563148021698]
[0.0033899275586009026]
[0.007844636216759682]
[0.34255069494247437]
[0.08076594024896622]
[0.005940411705523729]
[0.14993076026439667]
[0.07295113801956177]
[0.018100468441843987]
[0.013127708807587624]
[0.003010788233950734]
[0.11019458621740341]
[0.11077478528022766]
[0.0013262367574498057]
[0.003138442523777485]
[0.10220161080360413]
[0.13651421666145325]
[0.21088339388370514]
[0.007155770435929298]
[0.004888726398348808]
[0.0015154179418459535]
[0.022531742230057716]
[0.07110963016748428]
[0.018937015905976295]
[0.0872952863574028]
[0.013152477331459522]
[0.0016696612583473325]
[0.07798579335212708]
[0.0040171644650399685]
[0.058917880058288574]
[0.00682851392775774]
[0.0029947597067803144]
[0.06914517283439636]
[0.13843992352485657]
[0.0018384562572464347]
[0.0017389643471688032]
[0.022185010835528374]
[0.5122119784355164]
[0.25669071078300476]
[0.10829170048236847]
[0.014813549816608429]
[0.027130333706736565]
[0.0011648146901279688]
[0.004182344768196344]
[0.1114579290151596]
[0.0020826004911214113]
[0.0013791653327643871]
[0.0031223082914948463]
[0.043207645416259766]
[0.09762658178806305]
[0.0021748708095401525]
[0.0009942589094862342]
[0.013216010294854641]
[0.04318644851446152]
[0.0014202066231518984]
[0.01687607727944851]
[0.012400009669363499]
[0.0018377015367150307]
[0.2841511070728302]
[0.0032361499033868313]
[0.0013997507048770785]
[0.034939199686050415]
[0.0021435574162751436]
[0.001312459004111588]
[0.11059587448835373]
[0.003482067259028554]
[0.001170411822386086]
[0.0438518151640892]
[0.027813410386443138]
[0.001514045987278223]
[0.012769151479005814]
[0.009532278403639793]
[0.006377519574016333]
[0.0007714642561040819]
[0.00078230956569314]
[0.010650080628693104]
[0.015539362095296383]
[0.017213329672813416]
[0.002021798398345709]
[0.06932184845209122]
[0.002143118530511856]
[0.035212572664022446]
[0.021560465916991234]
[0.1619570106267929]
[0.009122047573328018]
[0.12323828786611557]
[0.01529679261147976]
[0.0021068702917546034]
[0.007506408728659153]
[0.0053167520090937614]
[0.48140648007392883]
[0.0034999100025743246]
[0.006068809423595667]
[0.006719722878187895]
[0.043118566274642944]
[0.0020657507702708244]
[0.00163568917196244]
[0.0006541921175085008]
[0.009227928705513477]
[0.0013066485989838839]
[0.007458574138581753]
[0.007354753091931343]
[0.1343189775943756]
[0.1019023135304451]
[0.08763346821069717]
[0.004724050872027874]
[0.11359843611717224]
[0.15647655725479126]
[0.002041288185864687]
[0.04304439574480057]
[0.002551258308812976]
[0.05161111801862717]
[0.00247741537168622]
[0.0018556193681433797]
[0.004401962738484144]
[0.0017382708610966802]
[0.7516384720802307]
[0.015754053369164467]
[0.0023188854102045298]
[0.013179316185414791]
[0.0042463927529752254]
[0.003058456117287278]
[0.007355192210525274]
[0.09368870407342911]
[0.022262686863541603]
[0.002490293001756072]
[0.042974743992090225]
[0.10021672397851944]
[0.0028894594870507717]
[0.0192518699914217]
[0.018169647082686424]
[0.013316741213202477]
[0.07783740758895874]
[0.0695255696773529]
[0.15455499291419983]
[0.030122408643364906]
[0.013802365399897099]
[0.008531905710697174]
[0.09203052520751953]
[0.002214516745880246]
[0.019883230328559875]
[0.004080541897565126]
[0.0034856873098760843]
[0.012090296484529972]
[0.010634723119437695]
[0.34312838315963745]
[0.010508079081773758]
[0.45561495423316956]
[0.0019129791762679815]
[0.0020501683466136456]
[0.0068898992612957954]
[0.00516661349684]
[0.003332865424454212]
[0.0031126004178076982]
[0.006229129619896412]
[0.03174576163291931]
[0.005305585451424122]
[0.001327753416262567]
[0.008333669975399971]
[0.06589193642139435]
[0.002446752740070224]
[0.0014107497408986092]
[0.06950109452009201]
[0.06948213279247284]
[0.0035190393682569265]
[0.001518941717222333]
[0.0037764189764857292]
[0.006572042591869831]
[0.02457783930003643]
[0.03542055934667587]
[0.013664953410625458]
[0.07124462723731995]
[0.0011040973477065563]
[0.2133687138557434]
[0.003041672520339489]
[0.003927471116185188]
[0.008944179862737656]
[0.0011396084446460009]
[0.08243749290704727]
[0.009178560227155685]
[0.0027998473960906267]
[0.13784924149513245]
[0.21183055639266968]
[0.043139271438121796]
[0.0020801161881536245]
[0.0013283665757626295]
[0.0007755269762128592]
[0.00986497662961483]
[0.3133043348789215]
[0.03838299587368965]
[0.0017233274411410093]
[0.02009040303528309]
[0.0021432912908494473]
[0.06926174461841583]
[0.01675986498594284]
[0.0031893299892544746]
[0.017798330634832382]
[0.010523599572479725]
[0.002095625502988696]
[0.043039437383413315]
[0.06918926537036896]
[0.028149528428912163]
[0.021504605188965797]
[0.017460443079471588]
[0.013617737218737602]
[0.2639918625354767]
[0.002443741075694561]
[0.0036333987955003977]
[0.01908782869577408]
[0.01801651529967785]
[0.002164707751944661]
[0.10321982204914093]
[0.0015779226087033749]
[0.005319240503013134]
[0.15004003047943115]
[0.0018908733036369085]
[0.1431054323911667]
[0.0015751217724755406]
[0.12126272171735764]
[0.002722925739362836]
[0.04437921941280365]
[0.004105194937437773]
[0.005430605262517929]
[0.23744526505470276]
[0.08743435144424438]
[0.0021453523077070713]
[0.009794470854103565]
[0.0020265497732907534]
[0.008924604393541813]
[0.00207051495090127]
[0.0019433866254985332]
[0.0031712320633232594]
[0.07065755128860474]
[0.0021975261624902487]
[0.003116664942353964]
[0.0010057144099846482]
[0.03097791038453579]
[0.002321639796718955]
[0.0010874215513467789]
[0.008358651772141457]
[0.0019178855000063777]
[0.07137760519981384]
[0.003968351520597935]
[0.004046775866299868]
[0.00446717394515872]
[0.11589048057794571]
[0.09115228056907654]
[0.011100757867097855]
[0.1455584168434143]
[0.0429842472076416]
[0.4157622456550598]
[0.07834945619106293]
[0.25734299421310425]
[0.006996041163802147]
[0.0041146730072796345]
[0.0028726598247885704]
[0.003694042796269059]
[0.0019563804380595684]
[0.07818829268217087]
[0.36126717925071716]
[0.011259343475103378]
[0.0022959173657000065]
[0.002394111594185233]
[0.0026263154577463865]
[0.04301878809928894]
[0.002569380681961775]
[0.15105272829532623]
[0.0011883395491167903]
[0.011036528274416924]
[0.0020281095057725906]
[0.04300723597407341]
[0.007214574608951807]
[0.009241343475878239]
[0.0014845937257632613]
[0.0021266762632876635]
[0.0019386385101824999]
[0.0019147059647366405]
[0.07213076204061508]
[0.0016444582724943757]
[0.2890612483024597]
[0.0018660429632291198]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0013346367049962282]
[0.0026287222281098366]
[0.002292158082127571]
[0.0012321140384301543]
[0.01562757045030594]
[0.0024957081768661737]
[0.0688258484005928]
[0.00655974168330431]
[0.0034951367415487766]
[0.0009853994706645608]
[0.03356550633907318]
[0.12383223325014114]
[0.0011453318875283003]
[0.001014135079458356]
[0.0016978643834590912]
[0.05054972693324089]
[0.0036087289918214083]
[0.010185417719185352]
[0.008693055249750614]
[0.005735486745834351]
[0.0025021331384778023]
[0.0018442178843542933]
[0.006851477082818747]
[0.0020467049907892942]
[0.002025268040597439]
[0.008015714585781097]
[0.01496521383523941]
[0.010763376019895077]
[0.0042284224182367325]
[0.002749611157923937]
[0.0011531065683811903]
[0.008747465908527374]
[0.0015581899788230658]
[0.0007581140962429345]
[0.23416896164417267]
[0.0011384260142222047]
[0.005224345251917839]
[0.1387343555688858]
[0.0014125846792012453]
[0.001772908610291779]
[0.01714293286204338]
[0.014343088492751122]
[0.003133172634989023]
[0.0007689606864005327]
[0.007706057280302048]
[0.0012525406200438738]
[0.0028660183306783438]
[0.0008143801824189723]
[0.043288350105285645]
[0.003560525132343173]
[0.0014755981974303722]
[0.16544875502586365]
[0.0010178418597206473]
[0.0014237489085644484]
[0.1518273502588272]
[0.0011008232831954956]
[0.31406882405281067]
[0.0020830011926591396]
[0.04323812946677208]
[0.2993202805519104]
[0.021037444472312927]
[0.003073406172916293]
[0.004706244915723801]
[0.11570127308368683]
[0.002276371931657195]
[0.04320515692234039]
[0.0021440135315060616]
[0.06687848269939423]
[0.3602238595485687]
[0.23793117702007294]
[0.00255697313696146]
[0.014798221178352833]
[0.0048437868244946]
[0.00865672156214714]
[0.13857445120811462]
[0.013577605597674847]
[0.0019199855159968138]
[0.0018459311686456203]
[0.0023429812863469124]
[0.11824975162744522]
[0.0014223442412912846]
[0.0018142142798751593]
[0.2863595485687256]
[0.015771592035889626]
[0.001535787247121334]
[0.0018361540278419852]
[0.011361581273376942]
[0.019843600690364838]
[0.0026831210125237703]
[0.07118426263332367]
[0.003811679081991315]
[0.015849698334932327]
[0.043209657073020935]
[0.004175595473498106]
[0.0015893508680164814]
[0.11719724535942078]
[0.01870720461010933]
[0.3593769073486328]
[0.004395596217364073]
[0.11473213136196136]
[0.00840196292847395]
[0.0009709324222058058]
[0.04319574683904648]
[0.004605060443282127]
[0.0020861520897597075]
[0.005133231170475483]
[0.002982409205287695]
[0.003906632773578167]
[0.005459485109895468]
[0.001609709463082254]
[0.022423285990953445]
[0.018235350027680397]
[0.17506428062915802]
[0.0019448006059974432]
[0.004250887781381607]
[0.015452268533408642]
[0.13812939822673798]
[0.016992950811982155]
[0.07930904626846313]
[0.0017698652809485793]
[0.002216143999248743]
[0.0006666516419500113]
[0.0019575217738747597]
[0.004518113564699888]
[0.2815534472465515]
[0.05824945122003555]
[0.012595866806805134]
[0.0017229290679097176]
[0.002741265809163451]
[0.013718880712985992]
[0.04970286041498184]
[0.002221647882834077]
[0.010704046115279198]
[0.0014486114960163832]
[0.011068426072597504]
[0.0691956877708435]
[0.6360052824020386]
[0.0015529266092926264]
[0.0035122004337608814]
[0.10195786505937576]
[0.04316207766532898]
[0.09539110213518143]
[0.0035079934168606997]
[0.025556456297636032]
[0.023833369836211205]
[0.043135832995176315]
[0.0014993841759860516]
[0.0008746077655814588]
[0.0018783151172101498]
[0.008590254932641983]
[0.0015996237052604556]
[0.002858765423297882]
[0.20084182918071747]
[0.0430421456694603]
[0.09387025237083435]
[0.0011914543574675918]
[0.002151965629309416]
[0.06897091120481491]
[0.002613280899822712]
[0.016289759427309036]
[0.00934849213808775]
[0.01551513560116291]
[0.0015629794215783477]
[0.0015996110159903765]
[0.0011884002014994621]
[0.0897543728351593]
[0.002766197081655264]
[0.0013265034649521112]
[0.0011336025781929493]
[0.45614928007125854]
[0.0028897703159600496]
[0.00314997136592865]
[0.07096802443265915]
[0.013094539754092693]
[0.06857389956712723]
[0.0034880510065704584]
[0.0032552576158195734]
[0.0013758870773017406]
[0.00990988314151764]
[0.09749937057495117]
[0.010555049404501915]
[0.000898346770554781]
[0.0019992694724351168]
[0.008822446689009666]
[0.05796194076538086]
[0.004334022291004658]
[0.002122607547789812]
[0.0015314386691898108]
[0.0038290598895400763]
[0.007363687269389629]
[0.3111894428730011]
[0.002941427519544959]
[0.002135606948286295]
[0.003158471081405878]
[0.004848300013691187]
[0.0036404214333742857]
[0.042927712202072144]
[0.0012657314073294401]
[0.002288335468620062]
[0.004264337010681629]
[0.10945004224777222]
[0.04904968664050102]
[0.4202895760536194]
[0.07110979408025742]
[0.24206741154193878]
[0.07738903164863586]
[0.007330641616135836]
[0.007427812088280916]
[0.002347618341445923]
[0.0030683919321745634]
[0.0006357047823257744]
[0.011862021870911121]
[0.00426857266575098]
[0.009874625131487846]
[0.21045991778373718]
[0.0010135076008737087]
[0.010665706358850002]
[0.0034380732104182243]
[0.004349865484982729]
[0.0426178015768528]
[0.0007390618557110429]
[0.5034623742103577]
[0.0007714020321145654]
[0.023108968511223793]
[0.008863801136612892]
[0.014141169376671314]
[0.07074938714504242]
[0.023713557049632072]
[0.0019275015220046043]
[0.013627204112708569]
[0.00959896482527256]
[0.001021861215122044]
[0.00919316429644823]
[0.0019635679200291634]
[0.07132335007190704]
[0.01891174353659153]
[0.01171480305492878]
[0.001486625405959785]
[0.0026474623009562492]
[0.010245162062346935]
[0.00992622971534729]
[0.0012934929691255093]
[0.001511853188276291]
[0.0031355032697319984]
[0.0009702806128188968]
[0.009287654422223568]
[0.0007039877236820757]
[0.002837053732946515]
[0.0021139965392649174]
[0.01480300072580576]
[0.12319245934486389]
[0.005628764629364014]
[0.17879731953144073]
[0.007806839421391487]
[0.008665085770189762]
[0.008021483197808266]
[0.002221343806013465]
[0.2218085080385208]
[0.006745858117938042]
[0.12840713560581207]
[0.12354139983654022]
[0.31759679317474365]
[0.015441369265317917]
[0.0035333791747689247]
[0.0023623656015843153]
[0.40384072065353394]
[0.019510846585035324]
[0.004204266704618931]
[0.01822531223297119]
[0.01439117081463337]
[0.21013963222503662]
[0.03571316599845886]
[0.011303248815238476]
[0.003001191420480609]
[0.008682864718139172]
[0.2894951105117798]
[0.0010980365332216024]
[0.012473349459469318]
[0.004112036898732185]
[0.12509651482105255]
[0.016371550038456917]
[0.07786182314157486]
[0.014261053875088692]
[0.007732646074146032]
[0.0112234465777874]
[0.06885796785354614]
[0.15951773524284363]
[0.0007975627668201923]
[0.005719588603824377]
[0.1137353703379631]
[0.09377798438072205]
[0.0017878161743283272]
[0.0033284230157732964]
[0.039413243532180786]
[0.024736395105719566]
[0.0033008065074682236]
[0.03956424817442894]
[0.20575550198554993]
[0.24161183834075928]
[0.44476258754730225]
[0.0016906432574614882]
[0.0022464185021817684]
[0.1139291375875473]
[0.030275903642177582]
[0.01579085737466812]
[0.1377285122871399]
[0.23614923655986786]
[0.0017156802350655198]
[0.006276445928961039]
[0.0005386017146520317]
[0.5768388509750366]
[0.003037211950868368]
[0.0017847898416221142]
[0.009709312580525875]
[0.09351303428411484]
[0.0029844350647181273]
[0.003136847633868456]
[0.001577426097355783]
[0.07816851884126663]
[0.0030637034215033054]
[0.16230787336826324]
[0.008747805841267109]
[0.004529743455350399]
[0.08605575561523438]
[0.0034492758568376303]
[0.2334928661584854]
[0.017351295799016953]
[0.15796992182731628]
[0.1548510491847992]
[0.12118156254291534]
[0.0036596711724996567]
[0.003161015221849084]
[0.025770403444767]
[0.32126179337501526]
[0.0006836026441305876]
[0.06070433929562569]
[0.002652759663760662]
[0.02157227322459221]
[0.005437581334263086]
[0.0032787981908768415]
[0.12021791189908981]
[0.00477649224922061]
[0.1638495773077011]
[0.0012892034137621522]
[0.04358227550983429]
[0.4886670708656311]
[0.04496941715478897]
[0.006671539042145014]
[0.0027589453384280205]
[0.008882511407136917]
[0.004044225439429283]
[0.10305404663085938]
[0.0021188855171203613]
[0.014054065570235252]
[0.0024130118545144796]
[0.006314571481198072]
[0.04758590832352638]
[0.04324937239289284]
[0.014673258177936077]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.01285689789801836]
[0.0010299219284206629]
[0.0018552362453192472]
[0.01698119565844536]
[0.008569114841520786]
[0.005638933274894953]
[0.0014475475763902068]
[0.15528401732444763]
[0.12389645725488663]
[0.0005782674415968359]
[0.0016411541728302836]
[0.007041130214929581]
[0.0020629381760954857]
[0.0014874784974381328]
[0.0011566136963665485]
[0.0014503155834972858]
[0.07130488008260727]
[0.19830553233623505]
[0.07105475664138794]
[0.007006800267845392]
[0.13134504854679108]
[0.0757327750325203]
[0.5334534645080566]
[0.146491140127182]
[0.15803880989551544]
[0.001679987064562738]
[0.00674204109236598]
[0.12443651258945465]
[0.0009638766059651971]
[0.003726382041350007]
[0.03161157667636871]
[0.2902779281139374]
[0.24299009144306183]
[0.002441353863105178]
[0.007657038047909737]
[0.0031343461014330387]
[0.017129570245742798]
[0.0031791699584573507]
[0.0160243958234787]
[0.011789926327764988]
[0.0019660627003759146]
[0.0023359395563602448]
[0.004126071464270353]
[0.0014900555834174156]
[0.0022185700945556164]
[0.012374691665172577]
[0.004917170852422714]
[0.0016851101536303759]
[0.06964042037725449]
[0.00845030415803194]
[0.010338067077100277]
[0.007157647516578436]
[0.0773550495505333]
[0.0016637832159176469]
[0.079723060131073]
[0.0031086718663573265]
[0.003813931019976735]
[0.04362880066037178]
[0.006192309781908989]
[0.14783768355846405]
[0.06933925300836563]
[0.10521171241998672]
[0.08151936531066895]
[0.0018536290153861046]
[0.0041364342905581]
[0.0017081326805055141]
[0.0116884745657444]
[0.0026081260293722153]
[0.1753501445055008]
[0.004670282825827599]
[0.0015745178097859025]
[0.009048008359968662]
[0.01616308093070984]
[0.12983067333698273]
[0.006425182800740004]
[0.06902220100164413]
[0.16653907299041748]
[0.04356085881590843]
[0.008635387755930424]
[0.006807534024119377]
[0.025532016530632973]
[0.015518617816269398]
[0.0007412168197333813]
[0.12507516145706177]
[0.004950763192027807]
[0.007463501766324043]
[0.0005807323614135385]
[0.1464357078075409]
[0.04355010390281677]
[0.003068753518164158]
[0.006138436961919069]
[0.0015632500872015953]
[0.008984709158539772]
[0.0014425796689465642]
[0.0014356491155922413]
[0.019004439935088158]
[0.0017768781399354339]
[0.0776771530508995]
[0.0037061532493680716]
[0.2849770188331604]
[0.0015892366645857692]
[0.004887195769697428]
[0.015108692459762096]
[0.004781820811331272]
[0.0006087817018851638]
[0.004641438368707895]
[0.004990995395928621]
[0.0029978621751070023]
[0.004343558102846146]
[0.0016579702496528625]
[0.00206758757121861]
[0.003681778209283948]
[0.0009736064821481705]
[0.004047378432005644]
[0.005702984984964132]
[0.1255412995815277]
[0.002718744333833456]
[0.0011502543929964304]
[0.22517962753772736]
[0.04687681794166565]
[0.0033551722299307585]
[0.0738987997174263]
[0.000680734752677381]
[0.005555504001677036]
[0.0015677346382290125]
[0.022225908935070038]
[0.13810208439826965]
[0.0026781780179589987]
[0.005950797349214554]
[0.003620555391535163]
[0.023888684809207916]
[0.003990744240581989]
[0.0013620216632261872]
[0.3302443027496338]
[0.007130808662623167]
[0.1134023368358612]
[0.007350709289312363]
[0.009280477650463581]
[0.0022473351564258337]
[0.47067761421203613]
[0.23776741325855255]
[0.07767415791749954]
[0.07764638215303421]
[0.7749189734458923]
[0.003070805687457323]
[0.146574005484581]
[0.002935041207820177]
[0.0030230290722101927]
[0.0022056277375668287]
[0.002215710934251547]
[0.001820701640099287]
[0.022334249690175056]
[0.02259337343275547]
[0.0052877855487167835]
[0.002891047392040491]
[0.006721835117787123]
[0.24579407274723053]
[0.010761125944554806]
[0.0437036007642746]
[0.043387919664382935]
[0.016902947798371315]
[0.0018101765308529139]
[0.00275648245587945]
[0.0017120898701250553]
[0.0065455250442028046]
[0.2949495315551758]
[0.00179649842903018]
[0.0009288243018090725]
[0.0021014856174588203]
[0.016183873638510704]
[0.007703468669205904]
[0.13599495589733124]
[0.001709330826997757]
[0.002149381209164858]
[0.019697153940796852]
[0.009321864694356918]
[0.0034540826454758644]
[0.0019410690292716026]
[0.0435032993555069]
[0.15079337358474731]
[0.22904150187969208]
[0.015329434536397457]
[0.013484413735568523]
[0.0015693427994847298]
[0.0028203793335705996]
[0.001692627090960741]
[0.000950234301853925]
[0.004722412675619125]
[0.04355212673544884]
[0.07074713706970215]
[0.0025770687498152256]
[0.011333977803587914]
[0.004873918369412422]
[0.0018211549613624811]
[0.008683301508426666]
[0.0006650331779383123]
[0.0017054968047887087]
[0.003298355033621192]
[0.28843018412590027]
[0.0288055632263422]
[0.09598805755376816]
[0.003801602404564619]
[0.0014268815284594893]
[0.07609084993600845]
[0.24575895071029663]
[0.0066145677119493484]
[0.0013487350661307573]
[0.0026477870997041464]
[0.15325601398944855]
[0.001352760475128889]
[0.06956229358911514]
[0.0018005430465564132]
[0.00866694562137127]
[0.01516194548457861]
[0.023453637957572937]
[0.445898175239563]
[0.005262385122478008]
[0.0016682877903804183]
[0.1477372646331787]
[0.025118941441178322]
[0.2114439457654953]
[0.07727932184934616]
[0.836100697517395]
[0.0012840303825214505]
[0.027382435277104378]
[0.0037232846952974796]
[0.10253147780895233]
[0.04365285485982895]
[0.0049425591714680195]
[0.38028666377067566]
[0.002071226481348276]
[0.0007098005153238773]
[0.0017552587669342756]
[0.028185037896037102]
[0.06605969369411469]
[0.02974911779165268]
[0.5098933577537537]
[0.27200615406036377]
[0.0017655763076618314]
[0.01660781353712082]
[0.001218083780258894]
[0.043801676481962204]
[0.07406379282474518]
[0.044697199016809464]
[0.20637750625610352]
[0.0017268803203478456]
[0.0006374847143888474]
[0.049877408891916275]
[0.16139791905879974]
[0.13150784373283386]
[0.05828050151467323]
[0.0013054832816123962]
[0.4531981348991394]
[0.020707814022898674]
[0.022869134321808815]
[0.04390028119087219]
[0.06445413827896118]
[0.003811768488958478]
[0.0012507009087130427]
[0.21613050997257233]
[0.0015568445669487119]
[0.0719500258564949]
[0.04406331479549408]
[0.0016537642804905772]
[0.03243204951286316]
[0.42541831731796265]
[0.16382448375225067]
[0.0018949233926832676]
[0.1429205685853958]
[0.07704570144414902]
[0.005631665699183941]
[0.00980572123080492]
[0.05989678204059601]
[0.001336400513537228]
[0.016192888841032982]
[0.06705893576145172]
[0.029668044298887253]
[0.01206694170832634]
[0.11675415933132172]
[0.003465998452156782]
[0.0023941784165799618]
[0.2693327069282532]
[0.00217358092777431]
[0.07189203053712845]
[0.14556163549423218]
[0.037907108664512634]
[0.0013843977358192205]
[0.04415846988558769]
[0.00966782309114933]
[0.0679304301738739]
[0.249437153339386]
[0.1998441368341446]
[0.0041132415644824505]
[0.17384199798107147]
[0.02830166183412075]
[0.002710809698328376]
[0.013541067950427532]
[0.030351467430591583]
[0.009631902910768986]
[0.0484183207154274]
[0.04954700171947479]
[0.0021656290628015995]
[0.002777189016342163]
[0.07684686779975891]
[0.07513643801212311]
[0.0032983305864036083]
[0.17643070220947266]
[0.0013935224851593375]
[0.0024525963235646486]
[0.07681232690811157]
[0.04390297457575798]
[0.08175058662891388]
[0.0010835013817995787]
[0.009997774846851826]
[0.01879287324845791]
[0.06805508583784103]
[0.0054795159958302975]
[0.005764356814324856]
[0.010130294598639011]
[0.0033188536763191223]
[0.11943932622671127]
[0.0017274852143600583]
[0.001608820864930749]
[0.000832735444419086]
[0.018185388296842575]
[0.003305187216028571]
[0.002993640024214983]
[0.09249197691679001]
[0.095395527780056]
[0.009621966630220413]
[0.0102022560313344]
[0.10261180251836777]
[0.0026582805439829826]
[0.01669362373650074]
[0.18219241499900818]
[0.004797905217856169]
[0.008298357017338276]
[0.32719317078590393]
[0.003967042546719313]
[0.04405279457569122]
[0.07661576569080353]
[0.038443684577941895]
[0.006133473478257656]
[0.00934064481407404]
[0.009165823459625244]
[0.09412628412246704]
[0.0018775973003357649]
[0.2934805154800415]
[0.005458177533000708]
[0.0021154845599085093]
[0.001823660102672875]
[0.01639205403625965]
[0.0065523963421583176]
[0.004525304306298494]
[0.0019170369487255812]
[0.0017298064194619656]
[0.001746044959872961]
[0.020330477505922318]
[0.001001923345029354]
[0.0006391880451701581]
[0.14314889907836914]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.11861437559127808]
[0.3899496793746948]
[0.008225259371101856]
[0.15150617063045502]
[0.0012746112188324332]
[0.16461974382400513]
[0.007160830311477184]
[0.07658477127552032]
[0.0033059006091207266]
[0.2648923397064209]
[0.003959723748266697]
[0.0017359346384182572]
[0.014142714440822601]
[0.2056470513343811]
[0.000769201957155019]
[0.020511794835329056]
[0.020892426371574402]
[0.0015543126501142979]
[0.006340824533253908]
[0.014133350923657417]
[0.12558452785015106]
[0.0012035410618409514]
[0.003273534821346402]
[0.005774838849902153]
[0.010010420344769955]
[0.012423374690115452]
[0.0016782500315457582]
[0.14766976237297058]
[0.0013441883493214846]
[0.000868230068590492]
[0.011051102541387081]
[0.0017920349491760135]
[0.29693764448165894]
[0.014767489396035671]
[0.006480461917817593]
[0.0008401612285524607]
[0.012920393608510494]
[0.07657735794782639]
[0.012186807580292225]
[0.0005979352281428874]
[0.00295903324149549]
[0.007954982109367847]
[0.0015820458065718412]
[0.02311614528298378]
[0.0003642451483756304]
[0.006406265310943127]
[0.001689656637609005]
[0.02219369262456894]
[0.001603253185749054]
[0.07652163505554199]
[0.016924560070037842]
[0.28744935989379883]
[0.07109335064888]
[0.0030479952692985535]
[0.1292393058538437]
[0.002957846038043499]
[0.04427062347531319]
[0.005218842066824436]
[0.0006717179203405976]
[0.001482745516113937]
[0.12190862745046616]
[0.004328280221670866]
[0.04416937753558159]
[0.0020295167341828346]
[0.1624351441860199]
[0.003613746725022793]
[0.001456454861909151]
[0.0006203539669513702]
[0.15499624609947205]
[0.003849541302770376]
[0.002914408454671502]
[0.0028565688990056515]
[0.0006023870664648712]
[0.07994857430458069]
[0.40284910798072815]
[0.003615877591073513]
[0.05388462916016579]
[0.1336611807346344]
[0.043714772909879684]
[0.0006403580773621798]
[0.001377279288135469]
[0.010063259862363338]
[0.07030699402093887]
[0.024650804698467255]
[0.0009771842742338777]
[0.07026394456624985]
[0.07622718065977097]
[0.022977786138653755]
[0.014599956572055817]
[0.02101772464811802]
[0.07619139552116394]
[0.17663778364658356]
[0.003509433940052986]
[0.00453250901773572]
[0.11066332459449768]
[0.005260029807686806]
[0.30423715710639954]
[0.2681599259376526]
[0.3152150809764862]
[0.10523291677236557]
[0.0014612206723541021]
[0.01820019632577896]
[0.0699937492609024]
[0.00923731829971075]
[0.002516025910153985]
[0.03128514811396599]
[0.016639500856399536]
[0.1088298037648201]
[0.0018430002965033054]
[0.0038657798431813717]
[0.0013206895673647523]
[0.008570952340960503]
[0.0015882025472819805]
[0.001323952223174274]
[0.0006580512854270637]
[0.17976801097393036]
[0.00163643853738904]
[0.0038557352963835]
[0.044049691408872604]
[0.15634785592556]
[0.004263156093657017]
[0.018741006031632423]
[0.0024123280309140682]
[0.013728269375860691]
[0.0068939682096242905]
[0.0011073430068790913]
[0.002121172146871686]
[0.0019004944479092956]
[0.04409772902727127]
[0.24697236716747284]
[0.0016030872939154506]
[0.002676019910722971]
[0.0062057701870799065]
[0.04410343989729881]
[0.0176768247038126]
[0.016792213544249535]
[0.10982023924589157]
[0.002722633071243763]
[0.0018562425393611193]
[0.09829378128051758]
[0.012985872104763985]
[0.001525589032098651]
[0.008251761086285114]
[0.6335316896438599]
[0.0013766037300229073]
[0.04404102638363838]
[0.008755723014473915]
[0.025332774966955185]
[0.001561330514959991]
[0.00261882902123034]
[0.03425971046090126]
[0.019257046282291412]
[0.0005977826076559722]
[0.039369985461235046]
[0.0015434704255312681]
[0.003773261560127139]
[0.01183957327157259]
[0.16201253235340118]
[0.08667495846748352]
[0.1401195079088211]
[0.15826882421970367]
[0.005610698834061623]
[0.0014164024032652378]
[0.14367255568504333]
[0.03297170251607895]
[0.009180811233818531]
[0.0013417585287243128]
[0.07067014276981354]
[0.0012940914602950215]
[0.013174397870898247]
[0.0054033659398555756]
[0.001333907712250948]
[0.0012979477178305387]
[0.4654881954193115]
[0.01089566946029663]
[0.010393790900707245]
[0.0015915163094177842]
[0.012206438928842545]
[0.0031591090373694897]
[0.01998232491314411]
[0.007422283291816711]
[0.14256954193115234]
[0.09606657177209854]
[0.004582203924655914]
[0.014720204286277294]
[0.00338509283028543]
[0.13144172728061676]
[0.0055053154937922955]
[0.12359421700239182]
[0.0036719604395329952]
[0.00589813943952322]
[0.14303314685821533]
[0.0029109471943229437]
[0.0031285297591239214]
[0.005379870533943176]
[0.001159734558314085]
[0.033264920115470886]
[0.29929375648498535]
[0.0025180098600685596]
[0.0700286254286766]
[0.0011358882766216993]
[0.07584534585475922]
[0.0017630677903071046]
[0.0010856713633984327]
[0.001165456953458488]
[0.019082121551036835]
[0.07578971236944199]
[0.0011454796185716987]
[0.005440426059067249]
[0.0032766766380518675]
[0.012816599570214748]
[0.011346009559929371]
[0.17123538255691528]
[0.0011951635824516416]
[0.015065104700624943]
[0.006684842519462109]
[0.0023847734555602074]
[0.06982726603746414]
[0.447902649641037]
[0.0012662372319027781]
[0.0009935557609423995]
[0.005664133001118898]
[0.0027731319423764944]
[0.09705647826194763]
[0.0016712856013327837]
[0.005646079778671265]
[0.001268071704544127]
[0.01263672485947609]
[0.002611325355246663]
[0.0021729543805122375]
[0.0013487576507031918]
[0.0010131762828677893]
[0.010477895848453045]
[0.0021219346672296524]
[0.12693274021148682]
[0.13271424174308777]
[0.018512817099690437]
[0.006861381698399782]
[0.07021018862724304]
[0.00479093799367547]
[0.005070897750556469]
[0.0014879661612212658]
[0.0024914792738854885]
[0.5193003416061401]
[0.0035756174474954605]
[0.00528034707531333]
[0.00888269767165184]
[0.006080497056245804]
[0.3142824172973633]
[0.013521269895136356]
[0.009281964041292667]
[0.003299798583611846]
[0.044800929725170135]
[0.013864155858755112]
[0.005370163358747959]
[0.007956760004162788]
[0.04480888694524765]
[0.014809844084084034]
[0.0073703438974916935]
[0.11072547733783722]
[0.003859075717628002]
[0.06358884274959564]
[0.0698712095618248]
[0.017078308388590813]
[0.028103699907660484]
[0.01548509206622839]
[0.01230238750576973]
[0.1048278883099556]
[0.273674875497818]
[0.0024848298635333776]
[0.006040894892066717]
[0.012568239122629166]
[0.0032587405294179916]
[0.003283342346549034]
[0.0697297602891922]
[0.02906954102218151]
[0.003535380121320486]
[0.0036735767498612404]
[0.04488243907690048]
[0.002578606829047203]
[0.003308485960587859]
[0.2776362895965576]
[0.08456632494926453]
[0.12281590700149536]
[0.07511602342128754]
[0.0014479659730568528]
[0.014019452035427094]
[0.003660669084638357]
[0.0014720436884090304]
[0.2804892659187317]
[0.02566344104707241]
[0.002863991539925337]
[0.010843566618859768]
[0.12490091472864151]
[0.002687529893592]
[0.0011019441299140453]
[0.0014371158322319388]
[0.003700130619108677]
[0.07497972249984741]
[0.007965810596942902]
[0.004124884959310293]
[0.018475396558642387]
[0.44089844822883606]
[0.034173160791397095]
[0.10107102245092392]
[0.022715969011187553]
[0.0024870573543012142]
[0.002512706909328699]
[0.4203999638557434]
[0.5120152831077576]
[0.037959739565849304]
[0.002288263523951173]
[0.0015667648985981941]
[0.03461635857820511]
[0.06938453018665314]
[0.013599256053566933]
[0.030823610723018646]
[0.4624282121658325]
[0.02140856720507145]
[0.001620079972781241]
[0.0021660374477505684]
[0.0016206647269427776]
[0.001921374467201531]
[0.04481065273284912]
[0.009986022487282753]
[0.00859171710908413]
[0.09376153349876404]
[0.002120758406817913]
[0.0035265376791357994]
[0.0016527284169569612]
[0.10146607458591461]
[0.00344860483892262]
[0.004616312682628632]
[0.00784244667738676]
[0.0019521360518410802]
[0.014784548431634903]
[0.011212115176022053]
[0.11062312126159668]
[0.0019968347623944283]
[0.0015673576854169369]
[0.16920769214630127]
[0.009210928343236446]
[0.4004395008087158]
[0.013316302560269833]
[0.19728007912635803]
[0.05533985048532486]
[0.15974734723567963]
[0.3599828779697418]
[0.001490504713729024]
[0.0026589527260512114]
[0.009264159016311169]
[0.1707131415605545]
[0.06901508569717407]
[0.002076627453789115]
[0.0005215822020545602]
[0.026314377784729004]
[0.07444663345813751]
[0.001448984257876873]
[0.13307777047157288]
[0.021401917561888695]
[0.2698530852794647]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0010062274523079395]
[0.0016605283599346876]
[0.0020734069403260946]
[0.001022762036882341]
[0.0045254286378622055]
[0.16359110176563263]
[0.0022740827407687902]
[0.0039823525585234165]
[0.004293774254620075]
[0.23761321604251862]
[0.0006995445000939071]
[0.0016733692027628422]
[0.0010071732103824615]
[0.12470121681690216]
[0.02295728027820587]
[0.0020240836311131716]
[0.027894701808691025]
[0.0018482395680621266]
[0.0425083190202713]
[0.011279450729489326]
[0.0024962066672742367]
[0.25476089119911194]
[0.0095465537160635]
[0.002656572498381138]
[0.0006948083755560219]
[0.0036796736530959606]
[0.0015506615163758397]
[0.0014295869041234255]
[0.14279532432556152]
[0.08959536254405975]
[0.044698718935251236]
[0.06944818794727325]
[0.09652955830097198]
[0.003089758800342679]
[0.002612175652757287]
[0.00769038125872612]
[0.0038025295361876488]
[0.2386164516210556]
[0.12397058308124542]
[0.007557360455393791]
[0.05122159421443939]
[0.00678055826574564]
[0.19303050637245178]
[0.12309063225984573]
[0.06937555223703384]
[0.003903494216501713]
[0.04020676761865616]
[0.004663234110921621]
[0.20068086683750153]
[0.015384933911263943]
[0.31801822781562805]
[0.01857096143066883]
[0.003722742199897766]
[0.003374983323737979]
[0.005414279643446207]
[0.006590389180928469]
[0.07429564744234085]
[0.01805279217660427]
[0.3299780786037445]
[0.0028354963287711143]
[0.0033656232990324497]
[0.02449011616408825]
[0.026755673810839653]
[0.0923829972743988]
[0.0036490238271653652]
[0.001547599327750504]
[0.18424804508686066]
[0.009541241452097893]
[0.006416437216103077]
[0.04017968103289604]
[0.030646393075585365]
[0.0831160768866539]
[0.2944289445877075]
[0.1658216267824173]
[0.1708282083272934]
[0.008306290954351425]
[0.007943375036120415]
[0.06889194995164871]
[0.0031129405833780766]
[0.2704210877418518]
[0.008840705268085003]
[0.003921917639672756]
[0.001679120701737702]
[0.08640199899673462]
[0.5858225226402283]
[0.008710934780538082]
[0.0027651009149849415]
[0.07429078221321106]
[0.04493884742259979]
[0.0021920176222920418]
[0.19093000888824463]
[0.0025443604681640863]
[0.007414255291223526]
[0.15531137585639954]
[0.20154941082000732]
[0.08866672217845917]
[0.014698698185384274]
[0.003222365165129304]
[0.08459915220737457]
[0.0017548981122672558]
[0.08281689882278442]
[0.0015012602088972926]
[0.001958340173587203]
[0.016416525468230247]
[0.2807585597038269]
[0.00169909477699548]
[0.0009339544340036809]
[0.015845701098442078]
[0.00743447057902813]
[0.10664818435907364]
[0.0007028808468021452]
[0.0018237371696159244]
[0.015686560422182083]
[0.17587827146053314]
[0.003548536915332079]
[0.019043149426579475]
[0.0010334549006074667]
[0.02669975534081459]
[0.25327378511428833]
[0.009348787367343903]
[0.06847738474607468]
[0.002049660310149193]
[0.01072846632450819]
[0.001888780272565782]
[0.00112396408803761]
[0.0010010553523898125]
[0.00231687119230628]
[0.16877631843090057]
[0.14159183204174042]
[0.11987413465976715]
[0.002090516733005643]
[0.0963982418179512]
[0.11832976341247559]
[0.0019686445593833923]
[0.0020029665902256966]
[0.10332008451223373]
[0.013677473179996014]
[0.07387778162956238]
[0.014091020449995995]
[0.0032266906928271055]
[0.1119750514626503]
[0.003137558698654175]
[0.01287986058741808]
[0.11245355755090714]
[0.0030950785148888826]
[0.0017644226318225265]
[0.22605706751346588]
[0.009266894310712814]
[0.019132355228066444]
[0.0021104856859892607]
[0.002082454739138484]
[0.01134822703897953]
[0.003167392686009407]
[0.0015353563940152526]
[0.0012589095858857036]
[0.0017192807281389832]
[0.4676700830459595]
[0.0019966191612184048]
[0.004387319087982178]
[0.15554404258728027]
[0.0021849272307008505]
[0.0017267359653487802]
[0.04536374658346176]
[0.021767763420939445]
[0.03307797387242317]
[0.015112344175577164]
[0.015993166714906693]
[0.004053853917866945]
[0.0032416232861578465]
[0.004242185968905687]
[0.0016411558026447892]
[0.003019997151568532]
[0.6663005352020264]
[0.001566159538924694]
[0.0009476799750700593]
[0.016346696764230728]
[0.2810260057449341]
[0.0014989848714321852]
[0.14346221089363098]
[0.0015916888369247317]
[0.011249328032135963]
[0.0029811798594892025]
[0.013635093346238136]
[0.0741371214389801]
[0.001458674669265747]
[0.004333977587521076]
[0.012824713252484798]
[0.16172543168067932]
[0.0022356007248163223]
[0.003661397146061063]
[0.0066824620589613914]
[0.0008786743273958564]
[0.005220642779022455]
[0.06892716139554977]
[0.003810219233855605]
[0.4354129135608673]
[0.014965700916945934]
[0.012083878740668297]
[0.023721490055322647]
[0.06886500120162964]
[0.004171522334218025]
[0.001402946305461228]
[0.012547931633889675]
[0.0017717982409521937]
[0.013954592868685722]
[0.013124057091772556]
[0.0036450570914894342]
[0.04526706039905548]
[0.03216923400759697]
[0.04525179788470268]
[0.05533510074019432]
[0.07422494143247604]
[0.008777016773819923]
[0.13059256970882416]
[0.0034037954173982143]
[0.0007345275371335447]
[0.7483624815940857]
[0.0026926544960588217]
[0.010636423714458942]
[0.002827055985108018]
[0.037996187806129456]
[0.2399248480796814]
[0.042729903012514114]
[0.0012632433790713549]
[0.007142620161175728]
[0.12334046512842178]
[0.003087697084993124]
[0.013142982497811317]
[0.0021243698429316282]
[0.033571306616067886]
[0.03943445160984993]
[0.0013703129952773452]
[0.018390335142612457]
[0.015459699556231499]
[0.000612335279583931]
[0.010890510864555836]
[0.0032311847899109125]
[0.09155534952878952]
[0.0016120695509016514]
[0.0025838762521743774]
[0.002210487611591816]
[0.0031438684090971947]
[0.015043681487441063]
[0.01258547231554985]
[0.0026139523833990097]
[0.004649854730814695]
[0.0019625357817858458]
[0.0014319383772090077]
[0.17349854111671448]
[0.001458348473533988]
[0.045134853571653366]
[0.0035312864929437637]
[0.06883823126554489]
[0.001421482884325087]
[0.028189485892653465]
[0.1502562016248703]
[0.1484365612268448]
[0.0004140990204177797]
[0.04129067435860634]
[0.1524941474199295]
[0.09672611206769943]
[0.045203790068626404]
[0.005290046334266663]
[0.0017456486821174622]
[0.010779409669339657]
[0.11768709123134613]
[0.0014677074505016208]
[0.001409956719726324]
[0.004943282343447208]
[0.007364935707300901]
[0.002545921830460429]
[0.07121068239212036]
[0.0015383348800241947]
[0.006612172815948725]
[0.0014590342761948705]
[0.0035123475827276707]
[0.0029116382356733084]
[0.002723646815866232]
[0.003471772186458111]
[0.18257544934749603]
[0.0022096983157098293]
[0.004359503276646137]
[0.000700177566614002]
[0.002772009000182152]
[0.04546801745891571]
[0.03478838503360748]
[0.021726103499531746]
[0.001364098396152258]
[0.005068423692137003]
[0.07142689824104309]
[0.0011848988942801952]
[0.0010243275901302695]
[0.004146554972976446]
[0.007149150595068932]
[0.12140365689992905]
[0.0032595873344689608]
[0.01746751368045807]
[0.06836141645908356]
[0.002198278671130538]
[0.0037706687580794096]
[0.06827180087566376]
[0.0015223532682284713]
[0.003442724235355854]
[0.0007351317326538265]
[0.006619715131819248]
[0.23829957842826843]
[0.005558667704463005]
[0.007913395762443542]
[0.0009376525413244963]
[0.09989609569311142]
[0.0051095676608383656]
[0.07673734426498413]
[0.009436378255486488]
[0.0015836715465411544]
[0.04555336385965347]
[0.19125157594680786]
[0.0008325095986947417]
[0.07360611855983734]
[0.014799943193793297]
[0.0021879367996007204]
[0.0024408819153904915]
[0.0069300327450037]
[0.0008140002028085291]
[0.004322536755353212]
[0.004731831140816212]
[0.15349826216697693]
[0.010723532177507877]
[0.0015902946470305324]
[0.0024976388085633516]
[0.0015833909856155515]
[0.0663575679063797]
[0.00636592973023653]
[0.0027909083291888237]
[0.007253529969602823]
[0.006064269691705704]
[0.2883536219596863]
[0.1012185588479042]
[0.0678749531507492]
[0.0010438923491165042]
[0.00392912607640028]
[0.07409396767616272]
[0.003265672130510211]
[0.2708362340927124]
[0.09239160269498825]
[0.0018059706781059504]
[0.004080635029822588]
[0.07500610500574112]
[0.008091417141258717]
[0.001845901133492589]
[0.005316512659192085]
[0.08694983273744583]
[0.1791398674249649]
[0.011423229239881039]
[0.3954448699951172]
[0.07358536869287491]
[0.15544497966766357]
[0.008211079053580761]
[0.005369952879846096]
[0.36731791496276855]
[0.06754687428474426]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.12089483439922333]
[0.23812179267406464]
[0.0016737082041800022]
[0.298310786485672]
[0.002934444462880492]
[0.06999081373214722]
[0.0458853542804718]
[0.03232801333069801]
[0.0011978228576481342]
[0.0458989143371582]
[0.0014020391972735524]
[0.0017344137886539102]
[0.002936386503279209]
[0.0022753109224140644]
[0.0007490907446481287]
[0.004648619331419468]
[0.0038844135124236345]
[0.0029471006710082293]
[0.0027160230092704296]
[0.03819553554058075]
[0.007996918633580208]
[0.04827126860618591]
[0.002602137392386794]
[0.0025064435321837664]
[0.003294480498880148]
[0.00491453567519784]
[0.009384826757013798]
[0.0009029568172991276]
[0.22990308701992035]
[0.01887522265315056]
[0.0732162669301033]
[0.16894954442977905]
[0.0022524381056427956]
[0.002174073364585638]
[0.0008314441074617207]
[0.02291000820696354]
[0.2255021035671234]
[0.03364463523030281]
[0.751716673374176]
[0.001669055549427867]
[0.019335292279720306]
[0.01791926473379135]
[0.07266716659069061]
[0.0005958256660960615]
[0.0009560880134813488]
[0.04607991874217987]
[0.03556329384446144]
[0.011485658586025238]
[0.04607444256544113]
[0.0035383449867367744]
[0.0005423442926257849]
[0.030678603798151016]
[0.0009888182394206524]
[0.003551820758730173]
[0.0027164702769368887]
[0.011517691425979137]
[0.0021823716815561056]
[0.045992013067007065]
[0.03723376989364624]
[0.003917939495295286]
[0.01477131713181734]
[0.01414596475660801]
[0.010865667834877968]
[0.008597895503044128]
[0.12455065548419952]
[0.002863324945792556]
[0.00710878474637866]
[0.001769408700056374]
[0.001708206138573587]
[0.01848722994327545]
[0.13820388913154602]
[0.0036777821369469166]
[0.10385967046022415]
[0.0012034904211759567]
[0.013123728334903717]
[0.024795260280370712]
[0.00959772989153862]
[0.00490993307903409]
[0.0013732410734519362]
[0.0016747437184676528]
[0.01635756529867649]
[0.06776603311300278]
[0.0010873852297663689]
[0.02472422830760479]
[0.00812497641891241]
[0.0014037792570888996]
[0.023381805047392845]
[0.02648887410759926]
[0.003079080255702138]
[0.12100748717784882]
[0.0017901090905070305]
[0.07044914364814758]
[0.07775581628084183]
[0.0013581574894487858]
[0.0020159182604402304]
[0.0709013119339943]
[0.5348160266876221]
[0.016975563019514084]
[0.07287091016769409]
[0.003226368222385645]
[0.004232268314808607]
[0.0013936975738033652]
[0.003869691165164113]
[0.0007935427711345255]
[0.0039574154652655125]
[0.0016836966387927532]
[0.010715775191783905]
[0.04569382965564728]
[0.0046125175431370735]
[0.07288631051778793]
[0.0034422529861330986]
[0.04563632979989052]
[0.0017710552783682942]
[0.6572679877281189]
[0.045140281319618225]
[0.001526719774119556]
[0.012723508290946484]
[0.022050507366657257]
[0.0035026785917580128]
[0.001975105609744787]
[0.004481274168938398]
[0.0020898638758808374]
[0.0036098540294915438]
[0.03826996684074402]
[0.516808807849884]
[0.0056945206597447395]
[0.0064829690381884575]
[0.0023436511401087046]
[0.012276729568839073]
[0.0904700979590416]
[0.17217035591602325]
[0.06793112307786942]
[0.002506798831745982]
[0.0011441913666203618]
[0.3570080101490021]
[0.07249318808317184]
[0.0018926365301012993]
[0.4879685640335083]
[0.17903736233711243]
[0.005422589834779501]
[0.013777320273220539]
[0.0012717738281935453]
[0.04570109397172928]
[0.011414030566811562]
[0.11953383684158325]
[0.008831728249788284]
[0.1420752853155136]
[0.005349390674382448]
[0.0016148791182786226]
[0.09814058989286423]
[0.09538154304027557]
[0.00202425429597497]
[0.0023224272299557924]
[0.004657872021198273]
[0.04580218344926834]
[0.023491146042943]
[0.016844794154167175]
[0.09826589375734329]
[0.07002877444028854]
[0.05264480039477348]
[0.0016656203661113977]
[0.012094316072762012]
[0.0008645469206385314]
[0.0010301463771611452]
[0.011420889757573605]
[0.15580064058303833]
[0.026187878102064133]
[0.004585094749927521]
[0.0028750388883054256]
[0.0011177975684404373]
[0.2957690954208374]
[0.13856416940689087]
[0.07640206813812256]
[0.02705463580787182]
[0.07235227525234222]
[0.003716682782396674]
[0.0034691262990236282]
[0.0016407975926995277]
[0.015745576471090317]
[0.04589509963989258]
[0.004070378839969635]
[0.00885454285889864]
[0.0905977189540863]
[0.11305535584688187]
[0.0018455081153661013]
[0.0016698128310963511]
[0.3544028401374817]
[0.008799890987575054]
[0.045809995383024216]
[0.012728593312203884]
[0.006234695203602314]
[0.002263527363538742]
[0.3049306869506836]
[0.004232816863805056]
[0.002789814490824938]
[0.008784115314483643]
[0.004812125116586685]
[0.09635697305202484]
[0.0075345514342188835]
[0.006348703056573868]
[0.0035388388205319643]
[0.07285750657320023]
[0.0008114517549984157]
[0.008545991033315659]
[0.005963488947600126]
[0.0796026736497879]
[0.0030316899064928293]
[0.006464667152613401]
[0.0040825773030519485]
[0.4200266897678375]
[0.0034181689843535423]
[0.0006912350654602051]
[0.01771407760679722]
[0.15433897078037262]
[0.003742923028767109]
[0.06982945650815964]
[0.0016888828249648213]
[0.06981739401817322]
[0.0683428943157196]
[0.12448815256357193]
[0.00035179362748749554]
[0.0725497454404831]
[0.04573237895965576]
[0.10778927057981491]
[0.19621862471103668]
[0.003219206351786852]
[0.11339323222637177]
[0.00405887421220541]
[0.002675485797226429]
[0.0036515570245683193]
[0.015590926632285118]
[0.006913849152624607]
[0.0014116710517555475]
[0.07230357080698013]
[0.0030099875293672085]
[0.001990091521292925]
[0.00999381486326456]
[0.0019166794372722507]
[0.0873623862862587]
[0.6182905435562134]
[0.0019221067195758224]
[0.07107540220022202]
[0.2985149621963501]
[0.0007389949751086533]
[0.04329637438058853]
[0.04561750963330269]
[0.004719865508377552]
[0.3478931486606598]
[0.015655025839805603]
[0.0034750348422676325]
[0.003959252964705229]
[0.005681650247424841]
[0.022094175219535828]
[0.0017712563276290894]
[0.12842360138893127]
[0.0030629769898951054]
[0.04560548812150955]
[0.004315242171287537]
[0.1131124198436737]
[0.0018143410561606288]
[0.014272278174757957]
[0.07349799573421478]
[0.008064817637205124]
[0.010323336347937584]
[0.002941371873021126]
[0.07195533066987991]
[0.0008211176027543843]
[0.0019037615275010467]
[0.00987901072949171]
[0.0015507867792621255]
[0.004896902944892645]
[0.0018118364969268441]
[0.006309939082711935]
[0.0017619432182982564]
[0.0019953944720327854]
[0.11552995443344116]
[0.0013249404728412628]
[0.005295370705425739]
[0.00105743866879493]
[0.01880044862627983]
[0.0034159861970692873]
[0.04999707266688347]
[0.01763777621090412]
[0.0018379762768745422]
[0.000782649964094162]
[0.001139409956522286]
[0.0740797147154808]
[0.04547138512134552]
[0.11699871718883514]
[0.07993685454130173]
[0.015116920694708824]
[0.09526988863945007]
[0.10194800049066544]
[0.0023120047990232706]
[0.0011830766452476382]
[0.0011399869108572602]
[0.07081139832735062]
[0.017013637349009514]
[0.14541906118392944]
[0.005774509161710739]
[0.058200906962156296]
[0.04534484073519707]
[0.0009386315359733999]
[0.003927337005734444]
[0.01527723204344511]
[0.014381109736859798]
[0.3254114091396332]
[0.002521038753911853]
[0.11763201653957367]
[0.006501651834696531]
[0.24945449829101562]
[0.0016081661451607943]
[0.02050839737057686]
[0.014684242196381092]
[0.012635894119739532]
[0.027602558955550194]
[0.002442258642986417]
[0.0014302489580586553]
[0.01475953683257103]
[0.006141604855656624]
[0.001009587082080543]
[0.10782691836357117]
[0.002907160436734557]
[0.11392460018396378]
[0.07219155132770538]
[0.02055611088871956]
[0.0012949605006724596]
[0.06885914504528046]
[0.1777639389038086]
[0.0036714428570121527]
[0.6165387630462646]
[0.08410917222499847]
[0.07699982821941376]
[0.2918165922164917]
[0.0020619432907551527]
[0.00788230262696743]
[0.0011156612308695912]
[0.1284143477678299]
[0.20858296751976013]
[0.045288167893886566]
[0.017981598153710365]
[0.0005000011879019439]
[0.13186974823474884]
[0.01978803239762783]
[0.01928306743502617]
[0.1379571259021759]
[0.01778271608054638]
[0.06852717697620392]
[0.0016589233418926597]
[0.004078063182532787]
[0.012519142590463161]
[0.12007364630699158]
[0.1438947170972824]
[0.003879368072375655]
[0.0018714548787102103]
[0.045179590582847595]
[0.004152107518166304]
[0.003351720282807946]
[0.01615620218217373]
[0.0020419226493686438]
[0.008725644089281559]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0024391633924096823]
[0.0006961346953175962]
[0.04512174054980278]
[0.0023507229052484035]
[0.005753574427217245]
[0.0010500071803107858]
[0.0034669023007154465]
[0.011157851666212082]
[0.0009492696262896061]
[0.21080270409584045]
[0.06821833550930023]
[0.0009708151337690651]
[0.45089179277420044]
[0.003281344659626484]
[0.0020555774681270123]
[0.26700443029403687]
[0.11390140652656555]
[0.014983078464865685]
[0.003919832408428192]
[0.0017975338269025087]
[0.014252481050789356]
[0.21015281975269318]
[0.2562243938446045]
[0.002509588608518243]
[0.0025753541849553585]
[0.001982554793357849]
[0.007791386917233467]
[0.12219053506851196]
[0.0017385967075824738]
[0.07195080071687698]
[0.018000494688749313]
[0.017545849084854126]
[0.07583105564117432]
[0.006919570732861757]
[0.0050268894992768764]
[0.01913144625723362]
[0.0010576070053502917]
[0.002073458395898342]
[0.0028314145747572184]
[0.0009296373464167118]
[0.0016442635096609592]
[0.0017494644271209836]
[0.006173288449645042]
[0.013079497963190079]
[0.037743255496025085]
[0.15067695081233978]
[0.00346696306951344]
[0.007444662973284721]
[0.0032367107924073935]
[0.004241154529154301]
[0.03621542826294899]
[0.017312873154878616]
[0.00441979942843318]
[0.0946093201637268]
[0.0008671841933391988]
[0.045160502195358276]
[0.007459958083927631]
[0.002241666428744793]
[0.6260107159614563]
[0.16133016347885132]
[0.0008404358522966504]
[0.0029152778442949057]
[0.011249162256717682]
[0.003698349231854081]
[0.021585064008831978]
[0.13820795714855194]
[0.01915709301829338]
[0.0014523117570206523]
[0.07551519572734833]
[0.04515962302684784]
[0.002424501581117511]
[0.002063533291220665]
[0.001866990583948791]
[0.0010444194776937366]
[0.002051698509603739]
[0.01981929875910282]
[0.5649823546409607]
[0.0014821334043517709]
[0.0007648324826732278]
[0.22863450646400452]
[0.0009750212775543332]
[0.07000697404146194]
[0.004297805484384298]
[0.009138204157352448]
[0.004883314482867718]
[0.001319178962148726]
[0.38751041889190674]
[0.1079481691122055]
[0.0027432767674326897]
[0.04511844739317894]
[0.002064218744635582]
[0.04510153457522392]
[0.003947356715798378]
[0.0018903055461123586]
[0.12669223546981812]
[0.0035448840353637934]
[0.025926776230335236]
[0.014170986600220203]
[0.00920381210744381]
[0.0050845276564359665]
[0.0023270873352885246]
[0.0012401128187775612]
[0.0035313412081450224]
[0.280770868062973]
[0.001291256514377892]
[0.002716386690735817]
[0.07287270575761795]
[0.009537894278764725]
[0.29772454500198364]
[0.013390757143497467]
[0.0067146881483495235]
[0.014339919202029705]
[0.004405779764056206]
[0.14484760165214539]
[0.0029428249690681696]
[0.14192359149456024]
[0.009537801146507263]
[0.09905818849802017]
[0.07542798668146133]
[0.006671942304819822]
[0.030054952949285507]
[0.008090606890618801]
[0.0008072841446846724]
[0.07264776527881622]
[0.06869245320558548]
[0.0012749575544148684]
[0.0008790570427663624]
[0.0032224473543465137]
[0.0029806760139763355]
[0.0839608758687973]
[0.0008370414143428206]
[0.01743970811367035]
[0.0010973716853186488]
[0.003476131474599242]
[0.003646278753876686]
[0.006975201889872551]
[0.012484325096011162]
[0.0019961614161729813]
[0.0036293852608650923]
[0.1961645483970642]
[0.33395522832870483]
[0.0007020248449407518]
[0.0033363578841090202]
[0.050248194485902786]
[0.14514131844043732]
[0.012551898136734962]
[0.0014069671742618084]
[0.4103686511516571]
[0.0032869032584130764]
[0.001565632876008749]
[0.02985028550028801]
[0.0013969391584396362]
[0.0017704741330817342]
[0.04150161147117615]
[0.0012394327204674482]
[0.001824375707656145]
[0.0015086325583979487]
[0.015038502402603626]
[0.0033456147648394108]
[0.27437397837638855]
[0.0010373141849413514]
[0.013334343209862709]
[0.005589740816503763]
[0.0003711711324285716]
[0.001650193240493536]
[0.0014334883308038116]
[0.0020917332731187344]
[0.004743724595755339]
[0.1799478679895401]
[0.01725694164633751]
[0.04758252575993538]
[0.0014646515483036637]
[0.0028568790294229984]
[0.006753450259566307]
[0.0010742638260126114]
[0.09942684322595596]
[0.0011700319591909647]
[0.14379534125328064]
[0.00196933769620955]
[0.0034501233603805304]
[0.02056073397397995]
[0.0015250055585056543]
[0.0016847692895680666]
[0.001700559863820672]
[0.002824129071086645]
[0.21678724884986877]
[0.008896964602172375]
[0.0031805476173758507]
[0.16509798169136047]
[0.3558693826198578]
[0.6763278245925903]
[0.0018251034198328853]
[0.02554539404809475]
[0.04452718794345856]
[0.001417267369106412]
[0.08254101127386093]
[0.0178054291754961]
[0.03494987636804581]
[0.07236421853303909]
[0.0011716781882569194]
[0.0024189294781535864]
[0.02486247755587101]
[0.1042352020740509]
[0.029466375708580017]
[0.004187907557934523]
[0.008918609470129013]
[0.019214922562241554]
[0.0009263094398193061]
[0.026382852345705032]
[0.00924715492874384]
[0.0015687434934079647]
[0.009511735290288925]
[0.020068204030394554]
[0.0009301629033870995]
[0.011519593186676502]
[0.005492510739713907]
[0.010923551395535469]
[0.026230216026306152]
[0.0073797376826405525]
[0.0012375650694593787]
[0.0009632091387175024]
[0.0006035203696228564]
[0.07256089150905609]
[0.14366109669208527]
[0.010738722048699856]
[0.003239337122067809]
[0.003522368147969246]
[0.0033512080553919077]
[0.002602614229544997]
[0.004668304231017828]
[0.11056400090456009]
[0.0011285191867500544]
[0.0016932934522628784]
[0.002460185205563903]
[0.0303537305444479]
[0.15630464255809784]
[0.00868210755288601]
[0.3197628855705261]
[0.006207840982824564]
[0.008054398000240326]
[0.08076709508895874]
[0.0007116261986084282]
[0.005279721226543188]
[0.15575434267520905]
[0.002441242104396224]
[0.002977814292535186]
[0.002429601736366749]
[0.0006138157332316041]
[0.07517818361520767]
[0.021213021129369736]
[0.0029425963293761015]
[0.010379108600318432]
[0.0029893098399043083]
[0.10476885735988617]
[0.013369112275540829]
[0.18208928406238556]
[0.0033541356679052114]
[0.009009623900055885]
[0.07922505587339401]
[0.0027858878020197153]
[0.26555335521698]
[0.0725078284740448]
[0.44990473985671997]
[0.0016545430989935994]
[0.45537906885147095]
[0.30844610929489136]
[0.0024405757430940866]
[0.11996477842330933]
[0.015856361016631126]
[0.005665270611643791]
[0.0029819179326295853]
[0.008472376503050327]
[0.0037993930745869875]
[0.001817060518078506]
[0.0017132118809968233]
[0.0007634080247953534]
[0.12600575387477875]
[0.1564834862947464]
[0.0027040347922593355]
[0.0018299876246601343]
[0.00328036118298769]
[0.0020357640460133553]
[0.04507707059383392]
[0.06911221146583557]
[0.0009840826969593763]
[0.0008910534670576453]
[0.135067418217659]
[0.013864457607269287]
[0.015037678182125092]
[0.19412517547607422]
[0.1095520481467247]
[0.0024370108731091022]
[0.09429656714200974]
[0.021277479827404022]
[0.0011152040679007769]
[0.003450846765190363]
[0.015870284289121628]
[0.01551622711122036]
[0.0689573585987091]
[0.0008531027124263346]
[0.003674911567941308]
[0.10620403289794922]
[0.0017750104889273643]
[0.0009970018872991204]
[0.0033128296490758657]
[0.003444119356572628]
[0.0007657436071895063]
[0.0016908063553273678]
[0.1994495987892151]
[0.001919960486702621]
[0.001615192391909659]
[0.0009120141039602458]
[0.01607842743396759]
[0.0727837085723877]
[0.08714516460895538]
[0.011881405487656593]
[0.07272641360759735]
[0.012629637494683266]
[0.26349419355392456]
[0.012940955348312855]
[0.005018061492592096]
[0.001983042573556304]
[0.0007091880543157458]
[0.001147959497757256]
[0.00371768930926919]
[0.0005004467675462365]
[0.07240130007266998]
[0.11070714890956879]
[0.1717715859413147]
[0.0036278218030929565]
[0.04529482498764992]
[0.0019584521651268005]
[0.0018401999259367585]
[0.003021804615855217]
[0.004122528247535229]
[0.0019801310263574123]
[0.01033614482730627]
[0.0033821342512965202]
[0.0007987623102962971]
[0.00488987285643816]
[0.26171237230300903]
[0.0020139464177191257]
[0.00174234202131629]
[0.0032810824923217297]
[0.11612913012504578]
[0.014834122732281685]
[0.04524059593677521]
[0.22651557624340057]
[0.14928178489208221]
[0.01172233559191227]
[0.0032776594161987305]
[0.07649669796228409]
[0.023699261248111725]
[0.02052881568670273]
[0.15157854557037354]
[0.0009820230770856142]
[0.007387502584606409]
[0.07199819386005402]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0007070291321724653]
[0.09149214625358582]
[0.13070833683013916]
[0.0011714826105162501]
[0.3167991042137146]
[0.4318520426750183]
[0.0021565293427556753]
[0.019257113337516785]
[0.004553148522973061]
[0.0011774334125220776]
[0.0037329441402107477]
[0.0032307023648172617]
[0.025265514850616455]
[0.007819642312824726]
[0.03691688925027847]
[0.0025341911241412163]
[0.010562712326645851]
[0.0013754537794739008]
[0.0033722969237715006]
[0.012557053938508034]
[0.0013918111799284816]
[0.001384920789860189]
[0.0029731784015893936]
[0.006131731905043125]
[0.006340261548757553]
[0.1629199981689453]
[0.0020525120198726654]
[0.0014239756856113672]
[0.0015233282465487719]
[0.0012952242977917194]
[0.0008847727440297604]
[0.0031731012277305126]
[0.004347231239080429]
[0.21289967000484467]
[0.005598933901637793]
[0.1302722990512848]
[0.0032010655850172043]
[0.06930246204137802]
[0.0004233273211866617]
[0.042500123381614685]
[0.002202278934419155]
[0.002949934219941497]
[0.002673855982720852]
[0.004915165714919567]
[0.0003062926116399467]
[0.0020914175547659397]
[0.005745547823607922]
[0.07175490260124207]
[0.0030731589067727327]
[0.07172656804323196]
[0.0023022396489977837]
[0.0016907358076423407]
[0.2965027093887329]
[0.13725747168064117]
[0.0027568740770220757]
[0.009021732956171036]
[0.5722001194953918]
[0.0715644359588623]
[0.0015096169663593173]
[0.3333410322666168]
[0.07614084333181381]
[0.07139598578214645]
[0.00038216347456909716]
[0.045294590294361115]
[0.0011436360655352473]
[0.002415957860648632]
[0.001766121364198625]
[0.02246905490756035]
[0.022633826360106468]
[0.08117281645536423]
[0.12523996829986572]
[0.003724436741322279]
[0.006272205151617527]
[0.012090886943042278]
[0.0005859860684722662]
[0.005476660560816526]
[0.001469058683142066]
[0.002522340975701809]
[0.805522620677948]
[0.016370052471756935]
[0.0015584715874865651]
[0.03056606836616993]
[0.0013995957560837269]
[0.003449372248724103]
[0.004558027256280184]
[0.0450645312666893]
[0.0017073999624699354]
[0.14661003649234772]
[0.005299112759530544]
[0.000936054449994117]
[0.01043617445975542]
[0.0025409995578229427]
[0.0021474699024111032]
[0.0025719294790178537]
[0.11194359511137009]
[0.000410604989156127]
[0.0015373921487480402]
[0.0026245478074997663]
[0.10186406970024109]
[0.550727128982544]
[0.0017894263146445155]
[0.001201521372422576]
[0.0016720819985494018]
[0.0030514139216393232]
[0.0392853207886219]
[0.001160354120656848]
[0.0036124938633292913]
[0.009292048402130604]
[0.018326671794056892]
[0.007258970756083727]
[0.025344770401716232]
[0.001259294105693698]
[0.06892716139554977]
[0.007849966175854206]
[0.002322218380868435]
[0.016920356079936028]
[0.001633240608498454]
[0.0007528361747972667]
[0.005179011262953281]
[0.09414622187614441]
[0.002919052494689822]
[0.0056792814284563065]
[0.0024757590144872665]
[0.0015905159525573254]
[0.0018161163898184896]
[0.0014379523927345872]
[0.0011033533373847604]
[0.00033196830190718174]
[0.06877927482128143]
[0.005432227160781622]
[0.0023698490113019943]
[0.45593029260635376]
[0.023152492940425873]
[0.000558914733119309]
[0.01161589939147234]
[0.045045752078294754]
[0.0010087715927511454]
[0.0183574091643095]
[0.023894911631941795]
[0.0019422352779656649]
[0.002708807587623596]
[0.02596225216984749]
[0.0014837246853858232]
[0.0035976406652480364]
[0.06725011765956879]
[0.004969700705260038]
[0.0006816171808168292]
[0.012972483411431313]
[0.1070493683218956]
[0.0019159534713253379]
[0.011962343007326126]
[0.07776300609111786]
[0.0016911339480429888]
[0.010867276228964329]
[0.010362731292843819]
[0.009828466922044754]
[0.022838832810521126]
[0.0028048416133970022]
[0.06998369097709656]
[0.3402835428714752]
[0.00570567836984992]
[0.0015681014629080892]
[0.07170376181602478]
[0.017967822030186653]
[0.005777344573289156]
[0.006317625753581524]
[0.0036510422360152006]
[0.2607283294200897]
[0.002164518926292658]
[0.06889678537845612]
[0.0026070037856698036]
[0.0006746158469468355]
[0.013781942427158356]
[0.6744239926338196]
[0.2845487892627716]
[0.07004571706056595]
[0.0034217953216284513]
[0.003176511498168111]
[0.0701976791024208]
[0.07377516478300095]
[0.0030684960074722767]
[0.003909305203706026]
[0.07165724784135818]
[0.07164838165044785]
[0.0036884965375065804]
[0.002282714005559683]
[0.020430341362953186]
[0.004383249673992395]
[0.003025985090062022]
[0.0699673444032669]
[0.14371715486049652]
[0.525783121585846]
[0.0016234590439125896]
[0.07916168868541718]
[0.12088194489479065]
[0.03012162633240223]
[0.0012306043645367026]
[0.00346103822812438]
[0.15693922340869904]
[0.0038303202018141747]
[0.02769576385617256]
[0.07158021628856659]
[0.007882112637162209]
[0.0017496178625151515]
[0.17598634958267212]
[0.02308657392859459]
[0.0016951188445091248]
[0.0006405413732863963]
[0.0037022139877080917]
[0.008358257822692394]
[0.003910243511199951]
[0.0018371673068031669]
[0.002665509469807148]
[0.15495415031909943]
[0.0032089930027723312]
[0.0028941016644239426]
[0.0009857589611783624]
[0.34453919529914856]
[0.007708142511546612]
[0.0018003542209044099]
[0.07953015714883804]
[0.2536814212799072]
[0.023062728345394135]
[0.01618686504662037]
[0.001163582899607718]
[0.19093729555606842]
[0.13528460264205933]
[0.03018139861524105]
[0.009551845490932465]
[0.0034397353883832693]
[0.006107190158218145]
[0.02191300131380558]
[0.00757554778829217]
[0.0009477414423599839]
[0.014588638208806515]
[0.007900932803750038]
[0.09751426428556442]
[0.015911396592855453]
[0.0008676524739712477]
[0.0007300254073925316]
[0.002985346131026745]
[0.0008374949684366584]
[0.013538755476474762]
[0.001985829556360841]
[0.036582112312316895]
[0.0008384103421121836]
[0.0031107007525861263]
[0.015777908265590668]
[0.002887171693146229]
[0.01059681735932827]
[0.002948901616036892]
[0.06820818781852722]
[0.0008129069465212524]
[0.12692061066627502]
[0.06799022108316422]
[0.0015791101614013314]
[0.007035927847027779]
[0.008724975399672985]
[0.0009397470275871456]
[0.006054584868252277]
[0.0014106850139796734]
[0.0006971107213757932]
[0.0028978053014725447]
[0.0016074253944680095]
[0.10053245723247528]
[0.0017677081050351262]
[0.0028250853065401316]
[0.0770920068025589]
[0.0034607676789164543]
[0.007835440337657928]
[0.003939441870898008]
[0.003739313455298543]
[0.0016978596104308963]
[0.005746206268668175]
[0.0026577189564704895]
[0.001139765721745789]
[0.1182476356625557]
[0.004160355776548386]
[0.11489494144916534]
[0.0009441461879760027]
[0.004904516506940126]
[0.02460365556180477]
[0.12838158011436462]
[0.0042421333491802216]
[0.0023017041385173798]
[0.006909551564604044]
[0.37530872225761414]
[0.068216972053051]
[0.13571958243846893]
[0.00938103161752224]
[0.0023565071169286966]
[0.007455935701727867]
[0.005256881006062031]
[0.0025765758473426104]
[0.002654153620824218]
[0.0021847642492502928]
[0.09678612649440765]
[0.13243260979652405]
[0.05398773029446602]
[0.002597547136247158]
[0.09392246603965759]
[0.002756353234872222]
[0.0010197391966357827]
[0.045143961906433105]
[0.38380327820777893]
[0.003300926648080349]
[0.0018416780512779951]
[0.007073553279042244]
[0.001035883091390133]
[0.0009321419638581574]
[0.0006306845461949706]
[0.0371658056974411]
[0.08658794313669205]
[0.0016611614264547825]
[0.09329523891210556]
[0.0013144483091309667]
[0.002204359043389559]
[0.0033510744106024504]
[0.06790664792060852]
[0.008726396597921848]
[0.01274143811315298]
[0.201371967792511]
[0.0013675411464646459]
[0.33558282256126404]
[0.0007298945565707982]
[0.17364728450775146]
[0.003040474373847246]
[0.021103816106915474]
[0.0012239806819707155]
[0.08224791288375854]
[0.04107912629842758]
[0.36480164527893066]
[0.00059368961956352]
[0.2575138807296753]
[0.001246451516635716]
[0.1443268358707428]
[0.001563435886055231]
[0.001171863405033946]
[0.0019396730931475759]
[0.017321143299341202]
[0.09598920494318008]
[0.0011732862330973148]
[0.1641034632921219]
[0.014847109094262123]
[0.0007189305033534765]
[0.033202823251485825]
[0.0677555575966835]
[0.002160201547667384]
[0.004906651098281145]
[0.00220510084182024]
[0.12433446943759918]
[0.014213564805686474]
[0.07300584763288498]
[0.012441293336451054]
[0.3921275734901428]
[0.08166538178920746]
[0.018564367666840553]
[0.0026201498694717884]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.001819997327402234]
[0.0038889097049832344]
[0.04635334014892578]
[0.09729968011379242]
[0.07146865129470825]
[0.270779550075531]
[0.0017915744101628661]
[0.012129206210374832]
[0.00604500574991107]
[0.0014496010262519121]
[0.0015819001710042357]
[0.12579099833965302]
[0.0023189818020910025]
[0.10108358412981033]
[0.07147868722677231]
[0.004560624249279499]
[0.0045684692449867725]
[0.0033262837678194046]
[0.016438329592347145]
[0.07083044946193695]
[0.007844449020922184]
[0.005809949245303869]
[0.07248720526695251]
[0.010362973436713219]
[0.008362998254597187]
[0.0028146998956799507]
[0.0024277353659272194]
[0.007978263311088085]
[0.0006953313713893294]
[0.002444442128762603]
[0.001899913651868701]
[0.002094999188557267]
[0.005745719186961651]
[0.0007147599244490266]
[0.005436109844595194]
[0.0017344042425975204]
[0.0012080196756869555]
[0.07266465574502945]
[0.22849497199058533]
[0.005978940054774284]
[0.12848925590515137]
[0.06993177533149719]
[0.26285412907600403]
[0.0037436839193105698]
[0.11656832695007324]
[0.0013140180381014943]
[0.007291771937161684]
[0.06971261650323868]
[0.002468843711540103]
[0.011756842955946922]
[0.0714419037103653]
[0.003083868883550167]
[0.29350990056991577]
[0.2717103660106659]
[0.16477347910404205]
[0.006735907401889563]
[0.00242802151478827]
[0.0016896947054192424]
[0.0016689230687916279]
[0.15035444498062134]
[0.003913440741598606]
[0.0674133226275444]
[0.010181920602917671]
[0.017103563994169235]
[0.14243383705615997]
[0.003362321760505438]
[0.0833338052034378]
[0.007874246686697006]
[0.0018263936508446932]
[0.000973972026258707]
[0.07149598747491837]
[0.14058154821395874]
[0.01128339022397995]
[0.09728731215000153]
[0.08020435273647308]
[0.000973488378804177]
[0.0030218849424272776]
[0.00218708417378366]
[0.0011711402330547571]
[0.0065285093151032925]
[0.01454036496579647]
[0.13459280133247375]
[0.11682458221912384]
[0.25926685333251953]
[0.017685189843177795]
[0.007928377017378807]
[0.0183807834982872]
[0.002407094929367304]
[0.0008996184333227575]
[0.002314879558980465]
[0.06927813589572906]
[0.0016392102697864175]
[0.004644258879125118]
[0.011155214160680771]
[0.001800496014766395]
[0.0009233334567397833]
[0.0033733451273292303]
[0.0030101242009550333]
[0.025462079793214798]
[0.00210896716453135]
[0.010201595723628998]
[0.0018155310535803437]
[0.10575971007347107]
[0.002310491632670164]
[0.001958991400897503]
[0.0011319555342197418]
[0.015553921461105347]
[0.002023702720180154]
[0.015809722244739532]
[0.005757028236985207]
[0.0049071889370679855]
[0.010482531040906906]
[0.002348794601857662]
[0.015285031870007515]
[0.0015959335723891854]
[0.0013611448230221868]
[0.26607465744018555]
[0.2567673623561859]
[0.0017935200594365597]
[0.000557692430447787]
[0.07356756180524826]
[0.0076458388939499855]
[0.13310573995113373]
[0.003195378230884671]
[0.001774604432284832]
[0.07155368477106094]
[0.002049724105745554]
[0.0018651251448318362]
[0.0032123741693794727]
[0.3595119118690491]
[0.0013736666878685355]
[0.2808511555194855]
[0.08229134231805801]
[0.0006459938595071435]
[0.1460368037223816]
[0.0021325484849512577]
[0.001733827986754477]
[0.0060423691757023335]
[0.0033179528545588255]
[0.0037316156085580587]
[0.29191121459007263]
[0.004051894415169954]
[0.052613820880651474]
[0.0012919899309054017]
[0.09548541158437729]
[0.002913661301136017]
[0.07027123123407364]
[0.026952430605888367]
[0.0058335172943770885]
[0.001665830030106008]
[0.0006302531692199409]
[0.0007363964105024934]
[0.0014168837806209922]
[0.1642732471227646]
[0.04249034449458122]
[0.06684090942144394]
[0.24272875487804413]
[0.00459311855956912]
[0.01819630339741707]
[0.06682369112968445]
[0.003873572451993823]
[0.006745224818587303]
[0.026664994657039642]
[0.024936052039265633]
[0.0028216675855219364]
[0.0046624066308140755]
[0.002156811999157071]
[0.13008767366409302]
[0.012376656755805016]
[0.013420473784208298]
[0.002005618764087558]
[0.12865769863128662]
[0.0009520778548903763]
[0.07109241187572479]
[0.003275499911978841]
[0.07106580585241318]
[0.008886956609785557]
[0.06890629976987839]
[0.031114740297198296]
[0.0177305918186903]
[0.013358904048800468]
[0.0076560634188354015]
[0.0016725416062399745]
[0.014141461811959743]
[0.010084908455610275]
[0.0018077787244692445]
[0.010955325327813625]
[0.002726320642977953]
[0.0031839257571846247]
[0.003850584616884589]
[0.00139331491664052]
[0.09349837154150009]
[0.09284936636686325]
[0.001704007270745933]
[0.0010822691256180406]
[0.03235463798046112]
[0.0010773488320410252]
[0.00661031948402524]
[0.0011268093949183822]
[0.08624006062746048]
[0.00139713438693434]
[0.002111678011715412]
[0.07626692950725555]
[0.3641391694545746]
[0.017337176948785782]
[0.1402132362127304]
[0.011244907043874264]
[0.001421353779733181]
[0.0012434887466952205]
[0.1432182788848877]
[0.04674600064754486]
[0.0015067687490954995]
[0.20260018110275269]
[0.012271610088646412]
[0.15037083625793457]
[0.0062009175308048725]
[0.07098717987537384]
[0.16435104608535767]
[0.006749698892235756]
[0.0010982024250552058]
[0.0011944223660975695]
[0.031975533813238144]
[0.006062650587409735]
[0.014807519502937794]
[0.13846011459827423]
[0.022874237969517708]
[0.0043849521316587925]
[0.0034098667092621326]
[0.012093625031411648]
[0.06934713572263718]
[0.001448585418984294]
[0.0027508321218192577]
[0.18446306884288788]
[0.1730131208896637]
[0.010465240105986595]
[0.002163497731089592]
[0.0164671428501606]
[0.0022609024308621883]
[0.07171348482370377]
[0.0018760103266686201]
[0.001280061318539083]
[0.0015676725888624787]
[0.023719752207398415]
[0.0021844685543328524]
[0.02251472696661949]
[0.016758110374212265]
[0.03203412517905235]
[0.07108118385076523]
[0.0012399490224197507]
[0.002547943266108632]
[0.0011147747281938791]
[0.0018525534542277455]
[0.005096833221614361]
[0.01692478358745575]
[0.2974351644515991]
[0.0015494253020733595]
[0.0009958324953913689]
[0.2464204728603363]
[0.001198911457322538]
[0.005510916002094746]
[0.04256107285618782]
[0.07100870460271835]
[0.008458429016172886]
[0.06901556253433228]
[0.008104261010885239]
[0.017162252217531204]
[0.15965184569358826]
[0.02432681806385517]
[0.022606153041124344]
[0.012679869309067726]
[0.0017136276001110673]
[0.3767896592617035]
[0.0038004855159670115]
[0.10903127491474152]
[0.012588522396981716]
[0.0025795281399041414]
[0.006717057432979345]
[0.14400163292884827]
[0.013174440711736679]
[0.002657752251252532]
[0.0025664952117949724]
[0.02396816946566105]
[0.0017202140297740698]
[0.0281353872269392]
[0.007523825392127037]
[0.0036298593040555716]
[0.0034326165914535522]
[0.006969585549086332]
[0.1677139848470688]
[0.29154330492019653]
[0.3861260712146759]
[0.0027411633636802435]
[0.002593256300315261]
[0.01833352819085121]
[0.0026880272198468447]
[0.00910054799169302]
[0.0035293526016175747]
[0.06723728775978088]
[0.07566313445568085]
[0.0018450836651027203]
[0.011955806985497475]
[0.10471441596746445]
[0.0021835663355886936]
[0.009903972037136555]
[0.005157483275979757]
[0.3407692015171051]
[0.004230609629303217]
[0.07711528241634369]
[0.009313595481216908]
[0.0018430267227813601]
[0.0006840352434664965]
[0.00504647009074688]
[0.005792414769530296]
[0.04692896828055382]
[0.002138060750439763]
[0.12796244025230408]
[0.07075771689414978]
[0.002934400225058198]
[0.0024486465845257044]
[0.2720494866371155]
[0.006415439769625664]
[0.0022464925423264503]
[0.0040019359439611435]
[0.023390009999275208]
[0.0019712902139872313]
[0.011751711368560791]
[0.0034834383986890316]
[0.070706807076931]
[0.007289990782737732]
[0.08724407106637955]
[0.001792247174307704]
[0.1590961217880249]
[0.001391483237966895]
[0.0034333178773522377]
[0.002587231108918786]
[0.0024344397243112326]
[0.0010049876291304827]
[0.0017340362537652254]
[0.007344554178416729]
[0.0019181768875569105]
[0.3000878393650055]
[0.24005331099033356]
[0.01647217571735382]
[0.0028787076007574797]
[0.0018055386608466506]
[0.001966047566384077]
[0.0022761356085538864]
[0.0027828144375234842]
[0.022432010620832443]
[0.0018941349117085338]
[0.012699202634394169]
[0.009493272751569748]
[0.007451331242918968]
[0.003318216884508729]
[0.02315180003643036]
[0.00799641478806734]
[0.0028504785150289536]
[0.007946398109197617]
[0.026457082480192184]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0018898195121437311]
[0.1233968660235405]
[0.007815138436853886]
[0.0023696892894804478]
[0.013268140144646168]
[0.01297815889120102]
[0.002649816917255521]
[0.012918615713715553]
[0.002190230181440711]
[0.16115492582321167]
[0.22796057164669037]
[0.11540388315916061]
[0.0082242451608181]
[0.06936578452587128]
[0.0007194459321908653]
[0.007252912037074566]
[0.34979331493377686]
[0.0012856757966801524]
[0.003079010872170329]
[0.0011546217137947679]
[0.003045836463570595]
[0.002501467242836952]
[0.2953137159347534]
[0.0017163553275167942]
[0.0018815365619957447]
[0.17201055586338043]
[0.003932347521185875]
[0.14812952280044556]
[0.001325659453868866]
[0.006879876367747784]
[0.0303532425314188]
[0.020635096356272697]
[0.0015787780284881592]
[0.02472417801618576]
[0.0013555696932598948]
[0.002090293448418379]
[0.006182214245200157]
[0.025478439405560493]
[0.001980323577299714]
[0.007693252060562372]
[0.0026291885878890753]
[0.0007539454381912947]
[0.005456725135445595]
[0.07061802595853806]
[0.01446992252022028]
[0.17602670192718506]
[0.0018557937582954764]
[0.5428539514541626]
[0.06708426773548126]
[0.06979046761989594]
[0.0013770773075520992]
[0.11881747096776962]
[0.005058969836682081]
[0.1689864546060562]
[0.004070116672664881]
[0.07773403823375702]
[0.0022190927993506193]
[0.1309995800256729]
[0.001958034699782729]
[0.19043691456317902]
[0.001445283181965351]
[0.022371528670191765]
[0.014249545522034168]
[0.0030395963694900274]
[0.007839320227503777]
[0.002267052885144949]
[0.0009968907106667757]
[0.0019660741090774536]
[0.07071880251169205]
[0.06744200736284256]
[0.15997247397899628]
[0.0017907111905515194]
[0.28993725776672363]
[0.012027398683130741]
[0.008490325883030891]
[0.07059121876955032]
[0.15333491563796997]
[0.07051339000463486]
[0.004353115800768137]
[0.0018225694075226784]
[0.015492498874664307]
[0.003216379089280963]
[0.0023919681552797556]
[0.000858612940646708]
[0.02337024174630642]
[0.008100510574877262]
[0.018158070743083954]
[0.1053849533200264]
[0.007979737594723701]
[0.002589639974758029]
[0.019894853234291077]
[0.030172593891620636]
[0.03823607787489891]
[0.06669462472200394]
[0.13687050342559814]
[0.0032588818576186895]
[0.0027163999620825052]
[0.0010601715184748173]
[0.1183551698923111]
[0.005064087919890881]
[0.0026753563433885574]
[0.0021964823827147484]
[0.0031906848307698965]
[0.003577111754566431]
[0.10942509025335312]
[0.002238326007500291]
[0.106159508228302]
[0.002352211158722639]
[0.004459743853658438]
[0.009456929750740528]
[0.0024776295758783817]
[0.06960990279912949]
[0.002679011318832636]
[0.3134920597076416]
[0.003097053850069642]
[0.007496869657188654]
[0.011465041898190975]
[0.0023071379400789738]
[0.07340683788061142]
[0.03264225646853447]
[0.0018994344864040613]
[0.9381421804428101]
[0.01753714494407177]
[0.0016482003265991807]
[0.0014683905756101012]
[0.0010848385281860828]
[0.0032866578549146652]
[0.0033508511260151863]
[0.0019667146261781454]
[0.0005271591362543404]
[0.040878940373659134]
[0.0016974267782643437]
[0.03270097076892853]
[0.11856616288423538]
[0.003023875644430518]
[0.0030031302012503147]
[0.15638114511966705]
[0.08897226303815842]
[0.058728113770484924]
[0.15203489363193512]
[0.09876875579357147]
[0.0019101937068626285]
[0.008708336390554905]
[0.0020668702200055122]
[0.08441190421581268]
[0.34004920721054077]
[0.03716546297073364]
[0.18139833211898804]
[0.0025601142551749945]
[0.022547239437699318]
[0.009196367114782333]
[0.00689589511603117]
[0.016496358439326286]
[0.0011966556776314974]
[0.13686473667621613]
[0.09935612976551056]
[0.05005960538983345]
[0.003632913576439023]
[0.004091343842446804]
[0.13907958567142487]
[0.0024920280557125807]
[0.0012932168319821358]
[0.003121151588857174]
[0.0019828861113637686]
[0.0010029622353613377]
[0.1350988745689392]
[0.12729524075984955]
[0.02966412529349327]
[0.004179001320153475]
[0.018964646384119987]
[0.029547734186053276]
[0.0014433176256716251]
[0.011102424934506416]
[0.04870130494236946]
[0.021015416830778122]
[0.011316510848701]
[0.14059917628765106]
[0.018682992085814476]
[0.0022018190938979387]
[0.002560968976467848]
[0.0008725249208509922]
[0.007444034796208143]
[0.030484789982438087]
[0.001242664409801364]
[0.010365478694438934]
[0.003529798472300172]
[0.0043509951792657375]
[0.048944927752017975]
[0.3009246587753296]
[0.017680086195468903]
[0.000995277427136898]
[0.00306966551579535]
[0.0011831920128315687]
[0.002765839919447899]
[0.0019899902399629354]
[0.018312562257051468]
[0.01730000227689743]
[0.11901933699846268]
[0.004404401872307062]
[0.003613506443798542]
[0.0014607644407078624]
[0.28276509046554565]
[0.2494874745607376]
[0.07137066125869751]
[0.09395357966423035]
[0.01877588778734207]
[0.0011788049014285207]
[0.0024871572386473417]
[0.03480199724435806]
[0.009999304078519344]
[0.034901317209005356]
[0.016188012436032295]
[0.07510299980640411]
[0.0018572125118225813]
[0.0019017797894775867]
[0.007992257364094257]
[0.002566165290772915]
[0.01249319314956665]
[0.013223418034613132]
[0.0006666950066573918]
[0.01298107486218214]
[0.011650502681732178]
[0.006172014866024256]
[0.068573959171772]
[0.005142368841916323]
[0.0015943913022056222]
[0.003383615519851446]
[0.001385234296321869]
[0.018222253769636154]
[0.004456914495676756]
[0.0018820115365087986]
[0.007919693365693092]
[0.049453891813755035]
[0.07525511831045151]
[0.0663854107260704]
[0.0026809785049408674]
[0.004341036546975374]
[0.0007527547422796488]
[0.004097789991647005]
[0.06663843244314194]
[0.005323923658579588]
[0.0011627910425886512]
[0.0021967729553580284]
[0.00541174178943038]
[0.002705906517803669]
[0.003656058106571436]
[0.005831818096339703]
[0.002508576260879636]
[0.0033133956603705883]
[0.006180244032293558]
[0.15522843599319458]
[0.0060193645767867565]
[0.0010714653180912137]
[0.0032018208876252174]
[0.07119259983301163]
[0.1438349485397339]
[0.03793364390730858]
[0.007368230260908604]
[0.002330079907551408]
[0.31321969628334045]
[0.006147107109427452]
[0.00442130770534277]
[0.005535811185836792]
[0.14854389429092407]
[0.003199384780600667]
[0.0010305416071787477]
[0.010387138463556767]
[0.06981847435235977]
[0.004154517315328121]
[0.07264197617769241]
[0.0033599960152059793]
[0.0025037082377821207]
[0.002066041110083461]
[0.0015254926402121782]
[0.12660150229930878]
[0.002614067867398262]
[0.0039987764321267605]
[0.002200613496825099]
[0.07100836932659149]
[0.0007985764532350004]
[0.002499327529221773]
[7.388809680938721]
[0.005549792665988207]
[0.001334402710199356]
[0.0015403296565636992]
[0.016803184524178505]
[0.07053691148757935]
[0.10772290825843811]
[0.032845381647348404]
[0.03679895028471947]
[0.21778149902820587]
[0.06649774312973022]
[0.07139669358730316]
[0.0008201738237403333]
[0.003646685741841793]
[0.02148888260126114]
[0.0012839925475418568]
[0.0007426881929859519]
[0.10541558265686035]
[0.0015376341762021184]
[0.04101205989718437]
[0.027627039700746536]
[0.07104255259037018]
[0.007309985347092152]
[0.06994874775409698]
[0.002532013924792409]
[0.08393590897321701]
[0.0014237638097256422]
[0.024654360488057137]
[0.23585353791713715]
[0.016484573483467102]
[0.01935678720474243]
[0.007559735327959061]
[0.02080775424838066]
[0.07094434648752213]
[0.0051669287495315075]
[0.16227298974990845]
[0.0662989392876625]
[0.024110468104481697]
[0.2590777277946472]
[0.14868751168251038]
[0.17556294798851013]
[0.004184954799711704]
[0.35392552614212036]
[0.0043882085010409355]
[0.005390537902712822]
[0.0014678617008030415]
[0.22234022617340088]
[0.002896592253819108]
[0.01480160467326641]
[0.017291447147727013]
[0.008983793668448925]
[0.14452438056468964]
[0.002937842858955264]
[0.0011160389985889196]
[0.03203687444329262]
[0.0023574738297611475]
[0.492180734872818]
[0.0027025945018976927]
[0.0007833775598555803]
[0.017954910174012184]
[0.16635486483573914]
[0.20565712451934814]
[0.18198499083518982]
[0.019716834649443626]
[0.19874967634677887]
[0.01455782912671566]
[0.002010104013606906]
[0.0022058149334043264]
[0.019049447029829025]
[0.13096588850021362]
[0.0027122211176902056]
[0.0004959285724908113]
[0.005349378101527691]
[0.0015192897990345955]
[0.32631006836891174]
[0.011032548733055592]
[0.011016341857612133]
[0.0035762242041528225]
[0.003404556540772319]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.017059318721294403]
[0.000795011583250016]
[0.0026311352849006653]
[0.03842511028051376]
[0.0030115239787846804]
[0.01370113156735897]
[0.0034576610196381807]
[0.005366629920899868]
[0.003048009006306529]
[0.0017373840091750026]
[0.011656653136014938]
[0.002891909098252654]
[0.05613338574767113]
[0.04587442800402641]
[0.0036391913890838623]
[0.009314024820923805]
[0.0022565852850675583]
[0.018545594066381454]
[0.0011556774843484163]
[0.021167442202568054]
[0.10404634475708008]
[0.019067008048295975]
[0.007337086368352175]
[0.01058020070195198]
[0.0032725611235946417]
[0.003093041479587555]
[0.006576950661838055]
[0.013335811905562878]
[0.376334011554718]
[0.008031699806451797]
[0.011874048970639706]
[0.0006450600340031087]
[0.001038148533552885]
[0.0011110765626654029]
[0.011993193998932838]
[0.16265839338302612]
[0.012856756336987019]
[0.002014770871028304]
[0.3166070282459259]
[0.014568413607776165]
[0.009695990011096]
[0.0025941934436559677]
[0.0029292418621480465]
[0.002886852016672492]
[0.0031457191798835993]
[0.028714876621961594]
[0.0028920599725097418]
[0.0037253843620419502]
[0.007900291122496128]
[0.007516380399465561]
[0.008890357799828053]
[0.016838183626532555]
[0.009649878367781639]
[0.0014477658551186323]
[0.09251559525728226]
[0.007771783508360386]
[0.001858866191469133]
[0.0023129626642912626]
[0.0018631576094776392]
[0.07294616103172302]
[0.0008645748603157699]
[0.16319315135478973]
[0.004259215202182531]
[0.0028644041158258915]
[5.915154457092285]
[0.07141122221946716]
[0.061461448669433594]
[0.0012105958303436637]
[0.13274456560611725]
[0.04250071570277214]
[0.057838283479213715]
[0.05456598103046417]
[0.002976344432681799]
[0.0025579282082617283]
[0.0014718968886882067]
[0.09141890704631805]
[0.002766265068203211]
[0.002863517729565501]
[0.0884903222322464]
[0.0012070296797901392]
[0.2509315311908722]
[0.006646431051194668]
[0.09617634862661362]
[0.0022038575261831284]
[0.010001691989600658]
[0.5372028946876526]
[0.018933705985546112]
[0.04940898343920708]
[0.0766294077038765]
[0.0014020873932167888]
[0.02528877928853035]
[0.2634451687335968]
[0.3206591010093689]
[0.03866923600435257]
[0.025372980162501335]
[0.0018544592894613743]
[0.04702560603618622]
[0.028104117140173912]
[0.0030505817849189043]
[0.4238830804824829]
[0.022036008536815643]
[0.32665279507637024]
[0.20854070782661438]
[0.0034608496353030205]
[0.027326935902237892]
[0.023248223587870598]
[0.11018139123916626]
[0.0037584423553198576]
[0.007585117593407631]
[0.0659249946475029]
[0.0195228923112154]
[0.0715201124548912]
[0.2850135564804077]
[0.007118697743862867]
[0.12141817808151245]
[0.005903765559196472]
[0.14890065789222717]
[0.025901054963469505]
[0.28344660997390747]
[0.030771274119615555]
[0.01066880114376545]
[0.003005979349836707]
[0.019530247896909714]
[0.05957809463143349]
[0.0513564869761467]
[0.006449890322983265]
[0.0027647344395518303]
[0.04086513817310333]
[0.014514966867864132]
[0.14345520734786987]
[0.0024974539410322905]
[0.03486190736293793]
[0.02970358543097973]
[0.0049566724337637424]
[0.0222660843282938]
[0.06990344822406769]
[0.003960848785936832]
[0.002274543046951294]
[0.07438935339450836]
[0.025071393698453903]
[0.009108461439609528]
[0.021495861932635307]
[0.01357780210673809]
[0.0021117543801665306]
[0.017110979184508324]
[0.010625642724335194]
[0.0862576961517334]
[0.0037903336342424154]
[0.19022104144096375]
[0.004089003428816795]
[0.06573475152254105]
[0.025628091767430305]
[0.07120191305875778]
[0.11260008811950684]
[0.07117050886154175]
[0.010425765067338943]
[0.07111473381519318]
[0.004892006050795317]
[0.00295077683404088]
[0.06948837637901306]
[0.08597790449857712]
[0.004086867440491915]
[0.00989131722599268]
[0.03834833577275276]
[0.00866503082215786]
[0.02034655027091503]
[0.0031711577903479338]
[0.01676865480840206]
[0.06659875065088272]
[0.008607703261077404]
[0.008932254277169704]
[0.10083180665969849]
[0.11714823544025421]
[0.031478945165872574]
[0.015421003103256226]
[0.013671567663550377]
[0.00612987345084548]
[0.014063105918467045]
[0.0030854272190481424]
[0.008790389634668827]
[0.01061684638261795]
[0.015392865054309368]
[0.0037351802457123995]
[0.0043144989758729935]
[0.00942714512348175]
[0.16235676407814026]
[0.003718695370480418]
[0.004833245184272528]
[0.016915619373321533]
[0.014689761213958263]
[0.01836925745010376]
[0.004085873253643513]
[0.0014192761154845357]
[0.005954989697784185]
[0.014643006026744843]
[0.0031633195467293262]
[0.025895798578858376]
[0.02113269828259945]
[0.26781588792800903]
[0.0009806815069168806]
[0.005171720404177904]
[0.0007195237558335066]
[0.03413654863834381]
[0.004590838216245174]
[0.0049953642301261425]
[0.0010763425379991531]
[0.37821710109710693]
[0.008498112671077251]
[0.01997879333794117]
[0.006390055641531944]
[0.0904146358370781]
[0.007507424335926771]
[0.0025299296248704195]
[0.0028064216021448374]
[0.0019751163199543953]
[0.13232342898845673]
[0.005959770176559687]
[0.005836459808051586]
[0.0003821799182333052]
[0.004071209114044905]
[0.024422060698270798]
[0.009986571967601776]
[0.00785171240568161]
[0.016383199021220207]
[0.008742863312363625]
[0.0010178210213780403]
[0.005746439564973116]
[0.0010813483968377113]
[0.006515734363347292]
[0.0046374318189918995]
[0.0014355395687744021]
[0.00327154528349638]
[0.4729076027870178]
[0.004873053170740604]
[0.15858261287212372]
[0.004373328760266304]
[0.0024737424682825804]
[0.019117766991257668]
[0.00605381652712822]
[0.012825890444219112]
[0.0019537629559636116]
[0.0063641928136348724]
[0.28156355023384094]
[0.1684282124042511]
[0.018692320212721825]
[0.005401126109063625]
[0.030727481469511986]
[0.006786964368075132]
[0.07151493430137634]
[0.007766657508909702]
[0.0026961343828588724]
[0.1558467149734497]
[0.004119656980037689]
[0.008310999721288681]
[0.08200883865356445]
[0.009268044494092464]
[0.0028007044456899166]
[0.002884872490540147]
[0.04287972301244736]
[0.004916096571832895]
[0.0010887859389185905]
[0.009274945594370365]
[0.006394633557647467]
[0.005232270807027817]
[0.011205043643712997]
[0.0012294930638745427]
[0.005683587864041328]
[0.003559141419827938]
[0.005203330423682928]
[0.006735163740813732]
[0.002287051174789667]
[0.0037974149454385042]
[0.001624052063561976]
[0.28637412190437317]
[0.03156714513897896]
[0.06021067500114441]
[0.0058497097343206406]
[0.004402856342494488]
[0.003666358534246683]
[0.030673783272504807]
[0.006413500290364027]
[0.012909777462482452]
[0.004588242620229721]
[0.004554008133709431]
[0.0673421174287796]
[0.15305419266223907]
[0.31666120886802673]
[0.002452028449624777]
[0.016655676066875458]
[0.002907517831772566]
[0.43866997957229614]
[0.0026911040768027306]
[0.14180642366409302]
[0.007208562456071377]
[0.003701536450535059]
[0.0039227367378771305]
[0.07183890044689178]
[0.06983402371406555]
[0.07180430740118027]
[0.0030113535467535257]
[0.2571600079536438]
[0.010072500444948673]
[0.008964888751506805]
[0.0010821826290339231]
[0.0009464940521866083]
[0.05200307443737984]
[0.14631782472133636]
[0.008252089843153954]
[0.004185684025287628]
[0.0029441651422530413]
[0.002759490627795458]
[0.007606619503349066]
[0.007721396163105965]
[0.10965874791145325]
[0.008348481729626656]
[0.003639208385720849]
[0.0016310294158756733]
[0.00467667868360877]
[0.08346094936132431]
[0.00326506863348186]
[0.06966956704854965]
[0.0036857284139841795]
[0.0015879785642027855]
[0.008850674144923687]
[0.005357187241315842]
[0.0017486708238720894]
[0.023159565404057503]
[0.0034081880003213882]
[0.00608007563278079]
[0.14332851767539978]
[0.006832284852862358]
[0.003105955431237817]
[0.016898611560463905]
[0.00415766192600131]
[0.21100832521915436]
[0.0017645378829911351]
[0.3384152948856354]
[0.0024270035792142153]
[0.0016635466599836946]
[0.0020041281823068857]
[0.014194282703101635]
[0.0018889850471168756]
[0.07527223974466324]
[0.0014591369545087218]
[0.004138443619012833]
[0.20269951224327087]
[0.008842865005135536]
[0.1274886280298233]
[0.0032979657407850027]
[0.0038012098520994186]
[0.3112897574901581]
[0.009783255867660046]
[0.002507807919755578]
[0.1477658897638321]
[0.0025391585659235716]
[0.3885760009288788]
[0.07266050577163696]
[0.06694157421588898]
[0.0013391731772571802]
[0.0008407737477682531]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0008748572436161339]
[0.0023819925263524055]
[0.005084470380097628]
[4.108031749725342]
[0.015532238408923149]
[0.004388075787574053]
[0.034293290227651596]
[0.0062442380003631115]
[0.00674743577837944]
[0.13665823638439178]
[0.032516129314899445]
[0.014251338317990303]
[0.03908395394682884]
[0.01739812083542347]
[0.16460855305194855]
[0.04295142740011215]
[0.014415247365832329]
[0.020385850220918655]
[0.34423184394836426]
[0.07700488716363907]
[0.11362484097480774]
[0.005440735258162022]
[0.32258978486061096]
[0.0023420844227075577]
[0.0027470916975289583]
[0.07096397876739502]
[0.005521978251636028]
[0.0504867359995842]
[0.004434697329998016]
[0.002529550576582551]
[0.0026693514082580805]
[0.005435504484921694]
[0.002935861237347126]
[0.21370656788349152]
[0.004278433043509722]
[0.0043768868781626225]
[0.019727401435375214]
[0.013215404003858566]
[0.07065469026565552]
[0.004268413409590721]
[0.015025841072201729]
[0.00939897634088993]
[0.07055361568927765]
[0.01855790801346302]
[0.001697732601314783]
[0.007893582805991173]
[0.07042060792446136]
[0.30531004071235657]
[0.0015568456146866083]
[0.0036658348981291056]
[0.0074261631816625595]
[0.0025994181632995605]
[0.06678695976734161]
[0.002508786041289568]
[0.12808674573898315]
[0.0037286821752786636]
[0.0017408363055437803]
[0.0018295766785740852]
[0.0044779726304113865]
[0.008680764585733414]
[0.008056468330323696]
[0.0022306779865175486]
[0.0026150327175855637]
[0.06991127878427505]
[0.002370307222008705]
[0.00626394571736455]
[0.09678935259580612]
[0.005493861623108387]
[0.0496818982064724]
[0.004973555915057659]
[0.0035238168202340603]
[0.0027545252814888954]
[0.011730057187378407]
[0.0020443378016352654]
[0.07216355949640274]
[0.051431912928819656]
[0.008208409883081913]
[0.018062084913253784]
[0.06662395596504211]
[0.030232086777687073]
[0.0020894345361739397]
[0.002891564043238759]
[0.0030346354469656944]
[0.01744251884520054]
[0.002137885196134448]
[0.021504292264580727]
[0.0017682943725958467]
[0.05309760570526123]
[0.0012603778159245849]
[0.002192592015489936]
[0.009401609189808369]
[0.016756754368543625]
[0.003957220818847418]
[0.0014056159416213632]
[0.027165429666638374]
[0.01069086417555809]
[0.018567431718111038]
[0.0052732741460204124]
[0.0026916172355413437]
[0.0016327084740623832]
[0.0064326063729822636]
[0.0034145766403526068]
[0.12043717503547668]
[0.06921294331550598]
[0.006755528040230274]
[0.0005794049939140677]
[0.006011654622852802]
[0.001771190669387579]
[0.003016232280060649]
[0.0028010657988488674]
[0.0018862702418118715]
[0.00583461532369256]
[0.0013340577716007829]
[0.0718262642621994]
[0.009352901950478554]
[0.01210280042141676]
[0.0013536842307075858]
[0.008180945180356503]
[0.12241064757108688]
[0.0667017474770546]
[0.3011166751384735]
[0.0011419017100706697]
[0.002139560179784894]
[0.0029943189583718777]
[0.011008617468178272]
[0.07976178824901581]
[0.003648812882602215]
[0.0016922429203987122]
[0.0056228432804346085]
[0.003099912079051137]
[0.0936555489897728]
[0.004451311659067869]
[0.002637631492689252]
[0.002228951547294855]
[0.0017199679277837276]
[0.007593953981995583]
[0.07363852858543396]
[0.0701146051287651]
[0.005746615584939718]
[0.0012672089505940676]
[0.0013553416356444359]
[0.15446752309799194]
[0.49095237255096436]
[0.18445010483264923]
[0.009386083111166954]
[0.06991289556026459]
[0.0026632267981767654]
[0.017046403139829636]
[0.005551418289542198]
[0.0017337441677227616]
[0.006089284550398588]
[0.14722083508968353]
[0.0036259812768548727]
[0.02301701530814171]
[0.10049702972173691]
[0.00354263698682189]
[0.0012948288349434733]
[0.0017975692171603441]
[0.0019197039073333144]
[0.13638365268707275]
[0.0024069652426987886]
[0.002319530351087451]
[0.0019605914130806923]
[0.06958673894405365]
[0.0011267404770478606]
[0.013545285910367966]
[0.06954855471849442]
[0.004085129126906395]
[0.000978805241174996]
[0.010028103366494179]
[0.002396151190623641]
[0.001568452687934041]
[0.2671909034252167]
[0.007130441255867481]
[0.05981765687465668]
[0.008106364868581295]
[0.031829286366701126]
[0.0014577883994206786]
[0.011720682494342327]
[0.0018894948298111558]
[0.0020439764484763145]
[0.06940577179193497]
[0.010424499399960041]
[0.19118988513946533]
[0.004068171605467796]
[0.007913501933217049]
[0.0016733838710933924]
[0.06937175989151001]
[0.10580768436193466]
[0.0014323708601295948]
[0.07910135388374329]
[0.028087181970477104]
[0.06597914546728134]
[0.0029349871911108494]
[0.005216123536229134]
[0.0017207206692546606]
[0.0014535282971337438]
[0.052212782204151154]
[0.1481209695339203]
[0.000980079872533679]
[0.06896266341209412]
[0.010238503105938435]
[0.001907473779283464]
[0.00898191798478365]
[0.001964620780199766]
[0.07379598170518875]
[0.06116875633597374]
[0.003463343484327197]
[0.0019324070308357477]
[0.0008860795060172677]
[0.0031920152250677347]
[0.008889875374734402]
[0.0016816050047054887]
[0.0008920285035856068]
[0.17960205674171448]
[0.0036815244238823652]
[0.0018941506277769804]
[0.002794538624584675]
[0.0008399615180678666]
[0.0013996021589264274]
[0.015321310609579086]
[0.01280118152499199]
[0.0007889310363680124]
[0.1424199491739273]
[0.09786594659090042]
[0.0017782833892852068]
[0.08983248472213745]
[0.0012155662989243865]
[0.0015936818672344089]
[0.0024815495125949383]
[0.002844068454578519]
[0.0826970785856247]
[0.05024012550711632]
[0.06914466619491577]
[0.0013697388349100947]
[0.27956390380859375]
[0.1321234256029129]
[0.002075147582218051]
[0.013867649249732494]
[0.002471150131896138]
[0.26906609535217285]
[0.002387306187301874]
[0.0038795953150838614]
[0.12040980160236359]
[0.0013422607444226742]
[0.4554370045661926]
[0.07922905683517456]
[0.004137914162129164]
[0.004295866470783949]
[0.017385797575116158]
[0.06911955773830414]
[0.011584832333028316]
[0.0009063745383173227]
[0.014221541583538055]
[0.35022076964378357]
[0.0021503916941583157]
[0.2301361858844757]
[0.003504065563902259]
[0.0014033829793334007]
[0.017413530498743057]
[0.12020609527826309]
[0.017888199537992477]
[0.007809882052242756]
[0.008567223325371742]
[0.09654565900564194]
[0.014213868416845798]
[0.002841562731191516]
[0.24031807482242584]
[0.012078702449798584]
[0.004015859216451645]
[0.001649361103773117]
[0.02363579347729683]
[0.10750265419483185]
[0.0057499282993376255]
[0.0017574821831658483]
[0.0027660271152853966]
[0.009671041741967201]
[0.0015983155462890863]
[0.0031088271643966436]
[0.06885138154029846]
[0.003148897085338831]
[0.000858590065035969]
[0.0035591968335211277]
[0.06594440340995789]
[0.006507434882223606]
[0.0011137527180835605]
[0.000821398280095309]
[0.003487548790872097]
[0.0031579702626913786]
[0.00077665044227615]
[0.014129464514553547]
[0.000726194295566529]
[0.0025645580608397722]
[0.0021732752211391926]
[0.0017156652174890041]
[0.0008285474614240229]
[0.0014423923566937447]
[0.008662331849336624]
[0.009889170527458191]
[0.007157249376177788]
[0.007041575852781534]
[0.06291821599006653]
[0.06863411515951157]
[0.015654591843485832]
[0.14858165383338928]
[0.06859984248876572]
[0.05126163363456726]
[0.06583387404680252]
[0.008012453094124794]
[0.10656214505434036]
[0.008815959095954895]
[0.0027541813906282187]
[0.007312627974897623]
[0.002788842422887683]
[0.004790196195244789]
[0.024308716878294945]
[0.003850687062367797]
[0.0072998772375285625]
[0.0008786264806985855]
[0.0008597885025665164]
[0.1344708800315857]
[0.002297178143635392]
[0.0027171308174729347]
[0.0440400205552578]
[0.002301594242453575]
[0.09730621427297592]
[0.00516481650993228]
[0.0020328820683062077]
[0.1404043585062027]
[0.0012971832184121013]
[0.0019599334336817265]
[0.0018205790547654033]
[0.001177323516458273]
[0.003500041551887989]
[0.0007426488446071744]
[0.00305304117500782]
[0.002615495817735791]
[0.0012708783615380526]
[0.0014876368222758174]
[0.0036432575434446335]
[0.19898062944412231]
[0.0017470399616286159]
[0.017813829705119133]
[0.0009543716441839933]
[0.005915183573961258]
[0.007051454391330481]
[0.02778632566332817]
[0.006822086405009031]
[0.003114154562354088]
[0.00323768169619143]
[0.06846129894256592]
[0.001767660491168499]
[0.003129691584035754]
[0.01429808884859085]
[0.0030156008433550596]
[0.0032332739792764187]
[0.0016255646478384733]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[0.0028848890215158463]
[0.3642992079257965]
[0.00705965980887413]
[0.0020863129757344723]
[0.0031077670864760876]
[0.0018261219374835491]
[0.023906979709863663]
[0.06813385337591171]
[0.024418668821454048]
[0.0034640710800886154]
[0.004642887972295284]
[0.0037902570329606533]
[0.002874865895137191]
[0.021899115294218063]
[0.136500746011734]
[0.0016547961859032512]
[0.0015983210178092122]
[0.11858763545751572]
[0.002539239823818207]
[0.0037954323925077915]
[0.006132146343588829]
[0.12491641938686371]
[0.12384547293186188]
[0.14079976081848145]
[0.02913614921271801]
[0.6601612567901611]
[0.0006882652523927391]
[0.001547989551909268]
[0.26908552646636963]
[0.014392036944627762]
[0.2353631556034088]
[0.08898145705461502]
[0.015846526250243187]
[0.0005877666408196092]
[0.0014272769913077354]
[0.0015336539363488555]
[0.0029146575834602118]
[0.01783246360719204]
[0.0024877337273210287]
[0.002000889042392373]
[0.0013466209638863802]
[0.011656693182885647]
[0.1909252405166626]
[0.034873832017183304]
[0.004208782687783241]
[0.004545173142105341]
[0.01523221842944622]
[0.0156790092587471]
[0.008421063423156738]
[0.018757520243525505]
[0.01041197869926691]
[0.009792414493858814]
[0.008172694593667984]
[0.027730487287044525]
[0.01564643904566765]
[0.0014153335941955447]
[0.0021552382968366146]
[0.003267745953053236]
[0.011393530294299126]
[0.010596729815006256]
[0.0023607779294252396]
[0.0011683607008308172]
[0.009948169812560081]
[0.008792041800916195]
[0.0024919481948018074]
[0.0020598541013896465]
[0.0012711271410807967]
[0.008705835789442062]
[0.0015385133447125554]
[0.0014871713938191533]
[0.004099866840988398]
[0.001735769328661263]
[0.00047457177424803376]
[0.007197135593742132]
[0.0034613239113241434]
[0.002268607262521982]
[0.0027675004675984383]
[0.0031540116760879755]
[0.0010672516655176878]
[0.023747198283672333]
[0.11102788895368576]
[0.0017912238836288452]
[0.0024022627621889114]
[0.10544872283935547]
[0.14153127372264862]
[0.003397818189114332]
[0.13615114986896515]
[0.0037845871411263943]
[0.0022901538759469986]
[0.016390513628721237]
[0.02171354368329048]
[0.14285679161548615]
[0.0020726206712424755]
[0.0015868812333792448]
[0.002550395205616951]
[0.0019364804029464722]
[0.16022144258022308]
[0.12358767539262772]
[0.12136654555797577]
[0.49318382143974304]
[0.06816933304071426]
[0.001418805681169033]
[0.009398797526955605]
[0.07193617522716522]
[0.000487107434310019]
[0.09912508726119995]
[0.002384161576628685]
[0.10811474174261093]
[0.2310030311346054]
[0.09126526117324829]
[0.2829890847206116]
[0.009729661978781223]
[0.012494592927396297]
[0.0018189162947237492]
[0.017342736944556236]
[0.33402156829833984]
[0.09049731492996216]
[0.00202073878608644]
[0.0021609431132674217]
[0.0029329017270356417]
[0.007399238180369139]
[0.0017762305215001106]
[0.026431536301970482]
[0.0021137134172022343]
[0.20604945719242096]
[0.001993901329115033]
[0.01246822439134121]
[0.000492144376039505]
[0.057455409318208694]
[0.607926070690155]
[0.01626310497522354]
[0.14087247848510742]
[0.011529078707098961]
[0.016234025359153748]
[0.06769142299890518]
[0.006162716541439295]
[0.00570326391607523]
[0.0022578046191483736]
[0.00581370759755373]
[0.01957765594124794]
[0.0024198894388973713]
[0.0020162516739219427]
[0.0650707334280014]
[0.002198762260377407]
[0.0053878058679401875]
[0.06793348491191864]
[0.6016231179237366]
[0.001514583476819098]
[0.0014816538896411657]
[0.0015074297552928329]
[0.11885609477758408]
[0.002069692127406597]
[0.02342136576771736]
[0.012452988885343075]
[0.020563574507832527]
[0.0009315144270658493]
[0.0020700430031865835]
[0.012977777980268002]
[0.31837213039398193]
[0.005784163251519203]
[0.5182419419288635]
[0.012815674766898155]
[0.001708054798655212]
[0.0024348951410502195]
[0.00812343880534172]
[0.001430337899364531]
[0.0014429904986172915]
[0.24614091217517853]
[0.0034903951454907656]
[0.022632243111729622]
[0.0007668035686947405]
[0.5145130157470703]
[0.004603814799338579]
[0.0025562706869095564]
[0.005012997891753912]
[0.0031556403264403343]
[0.08327195793390274]
[0.06751560419797897]
[0.07517839968204498]
[0.029460782185196877]
[0.01678577996790409]
[0.0016380405286327004]
[0.0011633036192506552]
[0.00242328317835927]
[0.014834451489150524]
[0.015983358025550842]
[0.009733907878398895]
[0.0016094103921204805]
[0.01551677007228136]
[0.3378211557865143]
[0.007004613056778908]
[0.009860359132289886]
[0.005010960157960653]
[0.1474936157464981]
[0.06741397827863693]
[0.06497377902269363]
[0.0018510814988985658]
[0.14217208325862885]
[0.0029950207099318504]
[0.014861192554235458]
[0.004908046685159206]
[0.016191568225622177]
[0.012729465030133724]
[0.0025078963954001665]
[0.0029400940984487534]
[0.0005466063157655299]
[0.0015689186984673142]
[0.0007895275484770536]
[0.0022447470109909773]
[0.0007026988896541297]
[0.06737873703241348]
[0.014151197858154774]
[0.0028201707173138857]
[0.1459088772535324]
[0.0019821273162961006]
[0.002889602445065975]
[0.13363365828990936]
[0.0018927418859675527]
[0.010214383713901043]
[0.027342259883880615]
[0.0009378893882967532]
[0.0026276158168911934]
[0.06506117433309555]
[0.015222273766994476]
[0.0010165181010961533]
[0.010027511976659298]
[0.009815279394388199]
[0.012766081839799881]
[0.16654935479164124]
[0.0006772843189537525]
[0.0013054131995886564]
[0.00798617023974657]
[0.06737171858549118]
[0.012213473208248615]
[0.013260317966341972]
[0.007494228892028332]
[0.04935748502612114]
[0.0006046297494322062]
[0.007625113241374493]
[0.002160375937819481]
[0.0013509145937860012]
[0.36107200384140015]
[0.34276890754699707]
[0.01145982276648283]
[0.022389346733689308]
[0.016429100185632706]
[0.0021277940832078457]
[0.0005715747829526663]
[0.0017941289115697145]
[0.0013399398885667324]
[0.0029232194647192955]
[0.14377093315124512]
[0.0029984295833855867]
[0.009154572151601315]
[0.006961137522011995]
[0.0039419676177203655]
[0.013407454825937748]
[0.5868284702301025]
[0.0010223356075584888]
[0.0018321445677429438]
[0.011098899878561497]
[0.0008070219191722572]
[0.028455369174480438]
[0.0006953731644898653]
[0.11619864404201508]
[0.0016315341927111149]
[0.0037390205543488264]
[0.014640442095696926]
[0.036505140364170074]
[0.0007381926407106221]
[0.13816037774085999]
[0.011938066221773624]
[0.01383947767317295]
[0.13966214656829834]
[0.0015405609738081694]
[0.015083990059792995]
[0.0022337110713124275]
[0.0038493103347718716]
[0.0009116108994930983]
[0.29262208938598633]
[0.000737330294214189]
[0.00448382506147027]
[0.006478709634393454]
[0.038229066878557205]
[0.0009917669231072068]
[0.01578955166041851]
[0.0004506459808908403]
[0.005852656438946724]
[0.014534267596900463]
[0.011509477160871029]
[0.005493876989930868]
[0.002439050003886223]
[0.0011377925984561443]
[0.07207391411066055]
[0.052258409559726715]
[0.025762686505913734]
[0.0018865704769268632]
[0.003568213665857911]
[0.0683102011680603]
[0.0012923836475238204]
[0.0013104851823300123]
[0.00806641485542059]
[0.003985441755503416]
[0.00335669401101768]
[0.0004437954048626125]
[0.26292887330055237]
[0.22823747992515564]
[0.46899837255477905]
[0.0008914705831557512]
[0.1329188495874405]
[0.06826769560575485]
[0.0024003558792173862]
[0.2974916100502014]
[0.0068133180029690266]
[0.01045557577162981]
[0.0011417103232815862]
[0.0014319721376523376]
[0.1125035285949707]
[0.0008152498048730195]
[0.0008749560220167041]
[0.02303425595164299]
[0.34012457728385925]
[0.012599525041878223]
[0.12454154342412949]
[0.2404564619064331]
[0.008812254294753075]
[0.00970887579023838]
[0.0009493171237409115]
[0.005961808376014233]
[0.11501362174749374]
[0.00090861099306494]
[0.1599925011396408]
[0.004545162431895733]
[0.002372389892116189]
[0.002736602211371064]
[0.26733121275901794]
[0.07166323065757751]
[0.11560611426830292]
[0.0027500418946146965]
[0.09877806901931763]
[0.0011895878706127405]
[0.010963822714984417]
[0.0017808788688853383]
[0.01792706921696663]
[0.0006885616458021104]
[0.008380141109228134]
[0.002076932229101658]
[0.0012016398832201958]
[0.37176093459129333]
[0.0018627269892022014]
[0.001640232396312058]
[0.0016580999363213778]
[0.06784968823194504]
[0.0023118872195482254]
[0.0031938583124428988]
[0.006291587837040424]
[0.015568647533655167]
[0.0015436424873769283]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.07459650933742523]
[0.0010276049142703414]
[0.003039346309378743]
[0.011472959071397781]
[0.0010293899103999138]
[0.0045312135480344296]
[0.0042656827718019485]
[0.0034477943554520607]
[0.04589544236660004]
[0.001074877567589283]
[0.009609265252947807]
[0.0027903628069907427]
[0.002239659894257784]
[0.09097427129745483]
[0.0017897060606628656]
[0.07149925082921982]
[0.007432696409523487]
[0.0010920165805146098]
[0.027816707268357277]
[0.0018340066308155656]
[0.002815152984112501]
[0.04557795077562332]
[0.0015744275879114866]
[0.0024361410178244114]
[0.0011716351145878434]
[0.00081785669317469]
[0.002980148186907172]
[0.1352795958518982]
[0.000888819107785821]
[0.0015344093553721905]
[0.0034300312399864197]
[0.0007829478126950562]
[0.0011668965453281999]
[0.42341387271881104]
[0.0061856103129684925]
[0.008831900544464588]
[0.0008805485558696091]
[0.08081024885177612]
[0.0019593946635723114]
[0.01230533979833126]
[0.004611721727997065]
[0.0037053944543004036]
[0.0961841493844986]
[0.07504528015851974]
[0.0008608588832430542]
[0.009747529402375221]
[0.002567085437476635]
[0.0005836704513058066]
[0.0014342089416459203]
[0.0027405705768615007]
[0.0007161149405874312]
[0.0014739809557795525]
[0.004386905115097761]
[0.0032057759817689657]
[0.006625045090913773]
[0.0815005898475647]
[0.002128329360857606]
[0.007728045806288719]
[0.07271596789360046]
[0.0012329515302553773]
[0.0016050845151767135]
[0.009186599403619766]
[0.012964796274900436]
[0.0017982989083975554]
[0.011732293292880058]
[0.06797759979963303]
[0.0012955968268215656]
[0.09607873111963272]
[0.11440357565879822]
[0.0026566379237920046]
[0.0023868551943451166]
[0.002283521229401231]
[0.001288129948079586]
[0.0024869900662451982]
[0.006765850353986025]
[0.012705759145319462]
[0.0029247670900076628]
[0.002886506263166666]
[0.007606077007949352]
[0.006793192122131586]
[0.002495518419891596]
[0.0028334620874375105]
[0.0017439380753785372]
[0.002351589035242796]
[0.0009612132562324405]
[0.009931333363056183]
[0.0008834113832563162]
[0.0005260821199044585]
[0.002212891820818186]
[0.14562858641147614]
[0.006098324432969093]
[0.08054453879594803]
[0.21707826852798462]
[0.3927233815193176]
[0.002060970291495323]
[0.12449793517589569]
[0.0228288434445858]
[0.002733627799898386]
[0.0035804363433271646]
[0.13160601258277893]
[0.0007645556470379233]
[0.0030374934431165457]
[0.006539094261825085]
[0.12176015228033066]
[0.0016320933355018497]
[0.010197049006819725]
[0.0015898082638159394]
[0.01727931573987007]
[0.0009968170197680593]
[0.012211842462420464]
[0.0025332062505185604]
[0.0006104750791564584]
[0.0016681673005223274]
[0.003085576230660081]
[0.014291993342339993]
[0.01508882362395525]
[0.001864382065832615]
[0.0021677548065781593]
[0.024859745055437088]
[0.0014233269030228257]
[0.004303725901991129]
[0.12439919263124466]
[0.0009438738343305886]
[0.00457254983484745]
[0.0065559702925384045]
[0.004237039480358362]
[0.003195242490619421]
[0.03374435752630234]
[0.0016793482936918736]
[0.0024807367008179426]
[0.0008045312715694308]
[0.0008821335504762828]
[0.0023789957631379366]
[0.00685357628390193]
[0.01341581903398037]
[0.03210494667291641]
[0.002613389166072011]
[0.0030700843781232834]
[0.017208535224199295]
[0.007751896511763334]
[0.2187311351299286]
[0.0976969450712204]
[0.0005488252500072122]
[0.13578957319259644]
[0.0718136876821518]
[0.00026520510436967015]
[0.0018339321250095963]
[0.0018201631028205156]
[0.0012000909773632884]
[0.0039125410839915276]
[0.017381863668560982]
[0.06516358256340027]
[0.001848798361606896]
[0.011575903743505478]
[0.000836468767374754]
[0.0013268814655020833]
[0.0026674687396734953]
[0.00914786383509636]
[0.0037397975102066994]
[0.007734579965472221]
[0.007153568789362907]
[0.012140771374106407]
[0.0011412589810788631]
[0.002650314010679722]
[0.10134179145097733]
[0.0009399352711625397]
[0.0026355988811701536]
[0.08465510606765747]
[0.002286997390910983]
[0.0023101570550352335]
[0.00489275436848402]
[0.0011860987870022655]
[0.009294605813920498]
[0.0017279342282563448]
[0.004813607782125473]
[0.0016517424955964088]
[0.0011266188230365515]
[0.003372904611751437]
[0.06833730638027191]
[0.0716928243637085]
[0.0014335790183395147]
[0.0018442263826727867]
[0.01932055503129959]
[0.08074705302715302]
[0.002880646614357829]
[0.005686796735972166]
[0.13274022936820984]
[0.006360523868352175]
[0.0027813673950731754]
[0.0025876567233353853]
[0.0010926126269623637]
[0.0024920268915593624]
[0.0010110982693731785]
[0.001086499192751944]
[0.008132854476571083]
[0.0011920147808268666]
[0.002540470100939274]
[0.09358193725347519]
[0.0008861259557306767]
[0.0017570918425917625]
[0.0024704441893845797]
[0.05623515695333481]
[0.0021237959153950214]
[0.06838499754667282]
[0.01009841077029705]
[0.0021520028822124004]
[0.13776487112045288]
[0.0017842326778918505]
[0.0015577370068058372]
[0.0010601142421364784]
[0.04259023070335388]
[0.07257839292287827]
[0.0014801286160945892]
[0.06833815574645996]
[0.0008334830636158586]
[0.009959283284842968]
[0.1519310027360916]
[0.004472557920962572]
[0.0048039378598332405]
[0.002992670750245452]
[0.007684992626309395]
[0.1671869307756424]
[0.008626575581729412]
[0.0010885008377954364]
[0.001868361490778625]
[0.08261503279209137]
[0.000976484501734376]
[0.006969582289457321]
[0.016558246687054634]
[0.012497174553573132]
[0.006001840811222792]
[0.07007332891225815]
[0.0023931306786835194]
[0.0007102337549440563]
[0.00668357266113162]
[0.1259433627128601]
[0.002802613889798522]
[0.0016916546737775207]
[0.0012938778381794691]
[0.0005430792807601392]
[0.004948224872350693]
[0.0017032638425007463]
[0.12392867356538773]
[0.006192633416503668]
[0.000529753917362541]
[0.0715494230389595]
[0.0009420740534551442]
[0.0009995974833145738]
[0.0026228860951960087]
[0.0011230931850150228]
[0.12161010503768921]
[0.0027135699056088924]
[0.0009611721616238356]
[0.0010445102816447616]
[0.0013652762863785028]
[0.1171194389462471]
[0.04644022509455681]
[0.0016036330489441752]
[0.0011867566499859095]
[0.0012820637784898281]
[0.021309202536940575]
[0.0026873606257140636]
[0.0029398733749985695]
[0.002422918798401952]
[0.004062156192958355]
[0.0019635085482150316]
[0.005152163561433554]
[0.0010008342796936631]
[0.08272964507341385]
[0.0151144377887249]
[0.02440103515982628]
[0.013450534082949162]
[0.007825082167983055]
[0.004366204142570496]
[0.0012384816072881222]
[0.0015471541555598378]
[0.001779841142706573]
[0.06832970678806305]
[0.005652908235788345]
[0.28676295280456543]
[0.0022378694266080856]
[0.0016613820334896445]
[0.12593196332454681]
[0.06863449513912201]
[0.004178826697170734]
[0.002582321409136057]
[0.001664311857894063]
[0.0013304692693054676]
[0.005080692004412413]
[0.0013722265139222145]
[0.011312169954180717]
[0.0020459366496652365]
[0.013765624724328518]
[0.010741916485130787]
[0.10131723433732986]
[0.0016850176034495234]
[0.003981414716690779]
[0.07198832184076309]
[0.0016727192560210824]
[0.481268972158432]
[0.07438991218805313]
[0.07145190984010696]
[0.0009141578339040279]
[0.07132235169410706]
[0.08350279182195663]
[0.0016005838988348842]
[0.004814621526747942]
[0.13381166756153107]
[0.08030609041452408]
[0.16027183830738068]
[0.007449166849255562]
[0.0010716515826061368]
[0.06538010388612747]
[0.0021144698839634657]
[0.0564424991607666]
[0.28042641282081604]
[0.0013491094578057528]
[0.002850151853635907]
[0.0006498521543107927]
[0.0005214110715314746]
[0.1263940930366516]
[0.01591041311621666]
[0.0017811332363635302]
[0.27886462211608887]
[0.009218242950737476]
[0.012376452796161175]
[0.06536141037940979]
[0.0016577562782913446]
[0.018558600917458534]
[0.06534960120916367]
[0.003936546854674816]
[0.005289362743496895]
[0.006935216952115297]
[0.0019473906140774488]
[0.0022560926154255867]
[0.0006271738093346357]
[0.012613531202077866]
[0.0014578974805772305]
[0.015916945412755013]
[0.0017582655418664217]
[0.090868279337883]
[0.002467773389071226]
[0.13336534798145294]
[0.001318863476626575]
[0.001877346308901906]
[0.06805325299501419]
[0.001082288334146142]
[0.06529795378446579]
[0.013551509007811546]
[0.013172119855880737]
[0.0012353460770100355]
[0.012195361778140068]
[0.010419386439025402]
[0.002257327316328883]
[0.0007566536078229547]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[0.001512584974989295]
[0.0022003287449479103]
[0.0025362500455230474]
[0.009075936861336231]
[0.04913884773850441]
[0.12708964943885803]
[0.0025255056098103523]
[0.0018407936440780759]
[0.0011095419758930802]
[0.027757884934544563]
[0.006943689193576574]
[0.0022129013668745756]
[0.002697182586416602]
[0.06996367126703262]
[0.000904376502148807]
[0.006831752602010965]
[0.04684475436806679]
[0.008837741799652576]
[0.0013260325649753213]
[0.0032541323453187943]
[0.0011385312536731362]
[0.0019427830120548606]
[0.001491658971644938]
[0.004352164454758167]
[0.002935421420261264]
[0.004511374980211258]
[0.0020418104249984026]
[0.10209862887859344]
[0.005264613777399063]
[0.0003022310556843877]
[0.0010529101127758622]
[0.005272775422781706]
[0.0035579768009483814]
[0.0010006441734731197]
[0.00031097244936972857]
[0.1436452716588974]
[0.0010397075675427914]
[0.000501328322570771]
[0.08030928671360016]
[0.0019927984103560448]
[0.00391601724550128]
[0.4659077823162079]
[0.001761518302373588]
[0.06840480118989944]
[0.0017712386325001717]
[0.0025707401800900698]
[0.26263588666915894]
[0.01264255866408348]
[0.5965492725372314]
[0.1468176543712616]
[0.02218746580183506]
[0.0011333840666338801]
[0.0020225488115102053]
[0.12344139814376831]
[0.007026004604995251]
[0.12415234744548798]
[0.0017557240789756179]
[0.005933878943324089]
[0.0009423234150744975]
[0.2933971881866455]
[0.09411130845546722]
[0.004089416936039925]
[0.0012395563535392284]
[0.002405447419732809]
[0.002323060529306531]
[0.4867832660675049]
[0.06602402776479721]
[0.27926039695739746]
[0.042622245848178864]
[0.004395310766994953]
[0.08158628642559052]
[0.0014471661997959018]
[0.06553235650062561]
[0.29743826389312744]
[0.0016580057563260198]
[0.0018656946485862136]
[0.003041983349248767]
[0.09734994918107986]
[0.0026864565443247557]
[0.134404256939888]
[0.5934112071990967]
[0.0010707001201808453]
[0.002451815875247121]
[0.0007885233499109745]
[0.04664269834756851]
[0.001450574491173029]
[0.001193419797345996]
[0.0027773771435022354]
[0.1620941162109375]
[0.027667371556162834]
[0.0023130455520004034]
[0.0014914540806785226]
[0.0007676589302718639]
[0.02556169219315052]
[0.0011568510672077537]
[0.5667214393615723]
[0.07368211448192596]
[0.06832185387611389]
[0.00653094332665205]
[0.002816765569150448]
[0.002244621282443404]
[0.029462508857250214]
[0.01055343821644783]
[0.12110184878110886]
[0.0021661033388227224]
[0.002380476798862219]
[0.0017077348893508315]
[0.024146907031536102]
[0.0028412393294274807]
[0.003573597641661763]
[0.0024515793193131685]
[0.02041373960673809]
[0.010074189864099026]
[0.021563932299613953]
[0.06996152549982071]
[0.0020250563975423574]
[0.06839330494403839]
[0.0014599853893741965]
[0.020378969609737396]
[0.016216471791267395]
[0.040968723595142365]
[0.015933269634842873]
[0.002081200946122408]
[0.17899759113788605]
[0.01551583968102932]
[0.0012486339546740055]
[0.00171285483520478]
[0.0008589901262894273]
[0.09094718843698502]
[0.001296140719205141]
[0.006063866429030895]
[0.04278744384646416]
[0.001312549808062613]
[0.0007893496076576412]
[0.001430169795639813]
[0.0008501354022882879]
[0.006629690993577242]
[0.0005984988529235125]
[0.0008110349881462753]
[0.0016691827913746238]
[0.0017614533426240087]
[0.00047608400927856565]
[0.0020911330357193947]
[0.04252266511321068]
[0.0027349605225026608]
[0.012799742631614208]
[0.0021931766532361507]
[0.012489577755331993]
[0.00932519230991602]
[0.0012415191158652306]
[0.0018459276761859655]
[0.0035455417819321156]
[0.0027206623926758766]
[0.32862550020217896]
[0.06845612823963165]
[0.03463119640946388]
[0.31229034066200256]
[0.008326110430061817]
[0.12902265787124634]
[0.0032868990674614906]
[0.0009642182267270982]
[0.001527841086499393]
[0.06840105354785919]
[0.002422627992928028]
[0.0011951205087825656]
[0.009301668964326382]
[0.0014170861104503274]
[0.014072904363274574]
[0.004810566082596779]
[0.0019279978005215526]
[0.00206914939917624]
[0.14500343799591064]
[0.06826648861169815]
[0.004853399936109781]
[0.0017473697662353516]
[0.0027546125929802656]
[0.0013431879924610257]
[0.0024833702482283115]
[0.022387878969311714]
[0.00881894025951624]
[0.0009514293051324785]
[0.0015147924423217773]
[0.010016312822699547]
[0.005021763499826193]
[0.0010657303500920534]
[0.003854011185467243]
[0.141140878200531]
[0.0018232975853607059]
[0.07141833752393723]
[0.1239965409040451]
[0.002100145211443305]
[0.5611992478370667]
[0.006472923792898655]
[0.01029685977846384]
[0.24595850706100464]
[0.008794532157480717]
[0.16192860901355743]
[0.00757769588381052]
[0.007207232527434826]
[0.0016235257498919964]
[0.001967629184946418]
[0.0011721575865522027]
[0.006795722059905529]
[0.013728960417211056]
[0.006329715717583895]
[0.002158990129828453]
[0.002606721827760339]
[0.002219854388386011]
[0.00408584251999855]
[0.013864375650882721]
[0.0062041375786066055]
[0.005976629443466663]
[0.00043979549081996083]
[0.0008592779049649835]
[0.005939766764640808]
[0.0018272186862304807]
[0.07683391869068146]
[0.1607930064201355]
[0.007566314190626144]
[0.0016257076058536768]
[0.0013497861800715327]
[0.004271312616765499]
[0.0012261469382792711]
[0.0015744642587378621]
[0.011273335665464401]
[0.47300803661346436]
[0.0036645422223955393]
[0.02547934092581272]
[0.4755816161632538]
[0.0011719133472070098]
[0.0007909322739578784]
[0.13085442781448364]
[0.0012187709799036384]
[0.0009360552649013698]
[0.07130691409111023]
[0.0017183998133987188]
[0.06820560246706009]
[0.2943348288536072]
[0.015754131600260735]
[0.003274119459092617]
[0.0015227162512019277]
[0.018505077809095383]
[0.12902912497520447]
[0.001992825185880065]
[0.09821561723947525]
[0.002502355957403779]
[0.0031347526237368584]
[0.0009763293783180416]
[0.01908092573285103]
[0.0009270352311432362]
[0.25230854749679565]
[0.10926231741905212]
[0.0006921631284058094]
[0.007716708350926638]
[0.0009900390869006515]
[0.15887537598609924]
[0.00099020020570606]
[0.044854339212179184]
[0.0013936205068603158]
[0.02011081390082836]
[0.02354666218161583]
[0.007633002940565348]
[0.07111679017543793]
[0.47808143496513367]
[0.10220006108283997]
[0.0011993426596745849]
[0.0015876246616244316]
[0.0019122245721518993]
[0.0011045737192034721]
[0.0014010773738846183]
[0.0015833176439628005]
[0.002385651459917426]
[0.28958794474601746]
[0.1429198533296585]
[0.0023116469383239746]
[0.0026043273974210024]
[0.014844431541860104]
[0.06820790469646454]
[0.0014157958794385195]
[0.20886152982711792]
[0.0024043440353125334]
[0.035605285316705704]
[0.0024396544322371483]
[0.14636799693107605]
[0.09993204474449158]
[0.004574812948703766]
[0.10401108860969543]
[0.003715098835527897]
[0.09821214526891708]
[0.0022799577564001083]
[0.004140195436775684]
[0.00099456706084311]
[0.0009312714100815356]
[0.0012458203127607703]
[0.003752360353246331]
[0.0022233291529119015]
[0.0039194487035274506]
[0.06805592775344849]
[0.00827771332114935]
[0.06802281737327576]
[0.09191488474607468]
[0.021030165255069733]
[0.004636058583855629]
[0.06510918587446213]
[0.009268670342862606]
[0.0010901219211518764]
[0.005760409869253635]
[0.004208237398415804]
[0.0010926772374659777]
[0.0010129328584298491]
[0.38514244556427]
[0.019734831526875496]
[0.06779345870018005]
[0.02066262997686863]
[0.1000484749674797]
[0.0015924465842545033]
[0.0019070424605160952]
[0.0011069184402003884]
[0.00115717644803226]
[0.0010668791364878416]
[0.06516805291175842]
[0.017876842990517616]
[0.0015134812565520406]
[0.0021556459832936525]
[0.0016043409705162048]
[0.0018414106452837586]
[0.01439028512686491]
[0.002738021081313491]
[0.01458989828824997]
[0.04495227709412575]
[0.0010011151898652315]
[0.027077386155724525]
[0.005672556348145008]
[0.000586602371186018]
[0.02537425607442856]
[0.04304668307304382]
[0.011764083057641983]
[0.02705908939242363]
[0.0028136121109128]
[0.0037748112808912992]
[0.010888132266700268]
[0.0014444775879383087]
[0.0020748546812683344]
[0.010110612958669662]
[0.2952878475189209]
[0.0024980565067380667]
[0.0024776554200798273]
[0.00195388775318861]
[0.004357469733804464]
[0.0010923688532784581]
[0.0009342646808363497]
[0.008037804625928402]
[0.011418790556490421]
[0.30967241525650024]
[0.0035239902790635824]
[0.06753048300743103]
[0.03705643117427826]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.010548271238803864]
[0.06747810542583466]
[0.001328561338596046]
[0.09952566772699356]
[0.0022960377391427755]
[0.0008139179553836584]
[0.0012726482236757874]
[0.002925439504906535]
[0.06731808930635452]
[0.0012807861203327775]
[0.0009186901152133942]
[0.0007296395488083363]
[0.002239053603261709]
[0.0028693312779068947]
[0.0017222677124664187]
[0.000739582406822592]
[0.0012587548699229956]
[0.0011134695960208774]
[0.0028733378276228905]
[0.2653999924659729]
[0.007260046433657408]
[0.007893405854701996]
[0.009273109957575798]
[0.0011170629877597094]
[0.0021148687228560448]
[0.002180173760280013]
[0.0013549632858484983]
[0.23355413973331451]
[0.04663693904876709]
[0.1500646471977234]
[0.002622276311740279]
[0.0024124321062117815]
[0.0011188037460669875]
[0.00249280221760273]
[0.011089506559073925]
[0.0019231963669881225]
[0.010102872736752033]
[0.0035104062408208847]
[0.0002959206176456064]
[0.0020507341250777245]
[0.037664733827114105]
[0.006377628073096275]
[0.014872800558805466]
[0.003007438499480486]
[0.002096855314448476]
[0.06522085517644882]
[0.08538156747817993]
[0.0011187228374183178]
[0.015413384884595871]
[0.0009108922677114606]
[0.01783960685133934]
[0.0007777115679346025]
[0.0012269172584638]
[0.0008822048548609018]
[0.002040984807536006]
[0.00501488521695137]
[0.0009241907973773777]
[0.0048599825240671635]
[0.0010462820064276457]
[0.0011699212482199073]
[0.001835206407122314]
[0.07594933360815048]
[0.0008334667072631419]
[0.002091651316732168]
[0.010914471931755543]
[0.0013294355012476444]
[0.0008860848029144108]
[0.07022878527641296]
[0.0012741340324282646]
[0.0013511478900909424]
[0.0007006342639215291]
[0.004650071728974581]
[0.001526402193121612]
[0.004706024192273617]
[0.004072988871484995]
[0.012264003977179527]
[0.25451722741127014]
[0.0019811992533504963]
[0.0015916519332677126]
[0.01235769409686327]
[0.00073357013752684]
[0.028488392010331154]
[0.0016849765088409185]
[0.13460825383663177]
[0.0012165812077000737]
[0.008330265060067177]
[0.0018631661077961326]
[0.001214100164361298]
[0.0012919651344418526]
[0.0010945529211312532]
[0.06535638868808746]
[0.0011994709493592381]
[0.000856557919178158]
[0.0020915321074426174]
[0.0009564893553033471]
[0.002038318431004882]
[0.004565428011119366]
[0.0014238269068300724]
[0.004709613509476185]
[0.0020780933555215597]
[0.002661903388798237]
[0.000566096801776439]
[0.010152054950594902]
[0.5057855844497681]
[0.009471364319324493]
[0.0009715541382320225]
[0.5554658770561218]
[0.0006539993919432163]
[0.13782042264938354]
[0.0014509892789646983]
[0.0008084443979896605]
[0.0007431961712427437]
[0.13024872541427612]
[0.0012368755415081978]
[0.01152100320905447]
[0.14890056848526]
[0.0004800702736247331]
[0.07019978016614914]
[0.10648488253355026]
[0.014654955826699734]
[0.0667702704668045]
[0.031195688992738724]
[0.1859099566936493]
[0.11664929986000061]
[0.0011493783676996827]
[0.2955077290534973]
[0.0010059589985758066]
[0.0016403394984081388]
[0.0008943969733081758]
[0.019149938598275185]
[0.0026935243513435125]
[0.0018812898779287934]
[0.08028339594602585]
[0.002375485608354211]
[0.27869313955307007]
[0.003674035891890526]
[0.0056371227838099]
[0.12601888179779053]
[0.06634101271629333]
[0.0013943947851657867]
[0.0010545463301241398]
[0.0011295202421024442]
[0.0007442167261615396]
[0.03502857685089111]
[0.016343332827091217]
[0.01611335203051567]
[0.14443904161453247]
[0.0013188840821385384]
[0.01438176166266203]
[0.000905315566342324]
[0.001558786490932107]
[0.01603640988469124]
[0.004579544998705387]
[0.3267213702201843]
[0.09593609720468521]
[0.003093649400398135]
[0.07176725566387177]
[0.0019412219990044832]
[0.0019019856117665768]
[0.001135692116804421]
[0.000758741341996938]
[0.021439995616674423]
[0.19782862067222595]
[0.018768997862935066]
[0.024109380319714546]
[0.002036333316937089]
[0.0007135032792575657]
[0.013149167411029339]
[0.013426869176328182]
[0.003924355376511812]
[0.02256866730749607]
[0.00101301574613899]
[0.005493976641446352]
[0.03819780796766281]
[0.0012745234416797757]
[0.022014038637280464]
[0.0043530710972845554]
[0.002326761372387409]
[0.0010283252922818065]
[0.0015477628912776709]
[0.0022753241937607527]
[0.0009001126163639128]
[0.09541651606559753]
[0.01748109608888626]
[0.06643086671829224]
[0.15458741784095764]
[0.0007923085941001773]
[0.001549235894344747]
[0.0015709464205428958]
[0.06641784310340881]
[0.001438185921870172]
[0.0248784851282835]
[0.0021068791393190622]
[0.0009025856270454824]
[0.000941797043196857]
[0.5624936819076538]
[0.00576853146776557]
[0.004072165582329035]
[0.0013336569536477327]
[0.03093825839459896]
[0.005337333772331476]
[0.0018747388385236263]
[0.028310202062129974]
[0.0025943631771951914]
[0.0011188199277967215]
[0.0016526301624253392]
[0.1065894290804863]
[0.06604859232902527]
[0.005652709398418665]
[0.1121152862906456]
[0.001547495136037469]
[0.0008566929609514773]
[0.0009033518144860864]
[0.013521973975002766]
[0.0702456533908844]
[0.010523783974349499]
[0.0021390928886830807]
[0.002503329422324896]
[0.0017783797811716795]
[0.5565732717514038]
[0.0012091542594134808]
[0.0010862266644835472]
[0.004857390653342009]
[0.09479345381259918]
[0.0696682333946228]
[0.07007433474063873]
[0.029557619243860245]
[0.06604944914579391]
[0.009368781000375748]
[0.0016161001985892653]
[0.0033842232078313828]
[0.04300500825047493]
[0.0025768084451556206]
[0.0013677248498424888]
[0.003227426204830408]
[0.001819426310248673]
[0.0017784471856430173]
[0.0008523511933162808]
[0.06605596840381622]
[0.11143098771572113]
[0.0572471097111702]
[0.050339993089437485]
[0.02697611413896084]
[0.0033980768639594316]
[0.15840429067611694]
[0.00045416911598294973]
[0.0019399040611460805]
[0.408504456281662]
[0.021111294627189636]
[0.0030884118750691414]
[0.15028925240039825]
[0.03124958835542202]
[0.0012475431431084871]
[0.0025420819874852896]
[0.001490543014369905]
[0.0008968556649051607]
[0.0009652634034864604]
[0.0007297825650312006]
[0.009451602585613728]
[0.16808469593524933]
[0.005937525071203709]
[0.0009720363304950297]
[0.04126255586743355]
[0.12101473659276962]
[0.12433640658855438]
[0.022713029757142067]
[0.6306006908416748]
[0.010044165886938572]
[0.094092458486557]
[0.14773952960968018]
[0.009169057942926884]
[0.0066877566277980804]
[0.06653019785881042]
[0.0009162321221083403]
[0.0025746950414031744]
[0.007520543877035379]
[0.004061456769704819]
[0.0008365895482711494]
[0.01640963926911354]
[0.002153128618374467]
[0.002383178798481822]
[0.0017086471198126674]
[0.0028571251314133406]
[0.017830174416303635]
[0.07465038448572159]
[0.0018646593671292067]
[0.0018785721622407436]
[0.28189417719841003]
[0.3119933605194092]
[0.0015089595690369606]
[0.0029136082157492638]
[0.018115587532520294]
[0.007219759281724691]
[0.009016808122396469]
[0.006784311030060053]
[0.004478052258491516]
[0.06666997075080872]
[0.002192484447732568]
[0.0011361537035554647]
[0.04472704231739044]
[0.025371016934514046]
[0.07321025431156158]
[0.25433388352394104]
[0.14506766200065613]
[0.001274638227187097]
[0.0006962523330003023]
[0.0012913491809740663]
[0.026485631242394447]
[0.004130598157644272]
[0.3399299681186676]
[0.013732168823480606]
[0.012382345274090767]
[0.029717089608311653]
[0.001103692688047886]
[0.0007056404137983918]
[0.0005275814328342676]
[0.0012199451448395848]
[0.06033718213438988]
[0.2472679764032364]
[0.07501362264156342]
[0.07580361515283585]
[0.02815190516412258]
[0.0009995023719966412]
[0.003951106686145067]
[0.016894368454813957]
[0.0018228769768029451]
[0.0020302198827266693]
[0.0019732587970793247]
[0.31248414516448975]
[0.0007462028879672289]
[0.007964244112372398]
[0.0018819847609847784]
[0.0021503965836018324]
[0.009533228352665901]
[0.009214647114276886]
[0.007188261952251196]
[0.010815081186592579]
[0.0014207246713340282]
[0.023207126185297966]
[0.034010257571935654]
[0.05677104368805885]
[0.1363847851753235]
[0.0009750630124472082]
[0.022179363295435905]
[0.05010097473859787]
[0.0005249344976618886]
[0.008788377977907658]
[0.0008783517987467349]
[0.008121968246996403]
[0.23529520630836487]
[0.1356252282857895]
[0.0021900066640228033]
[0.01191754825413227]
[0.001019613933749497]
[0.016324888914823532]
[0.0012863320298492908]
[0.0177486389875412]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.5811198949813843]
[0.0012938380241394043]
[0.08046896010637283]
[0.0005439502419903874]
[0.001346393721178174]
[0.0021604339126497507]
[0.0007109295693226159]
[0.002662470331415534]
[0.003492480143904686]
[0.014379279688000679]
[0.0003342510899528861]
[0.0010431160917505622]
[0.0005357100744731724]
[0.0020468933507800102]
[0.0030571529641747475]
[0.001597595983184874]
[0.0024555211421102285]
[0.24898208677768707]
[0.004531769081950188]
[0.0011056704679504037]
[0.010194128379225731]
[0.05657682567834854]
[0.029326532036066055]
[0.005449961870908737]
[0.0060580079443752766]
[0.0032945380080491304]
[0.0038091870956122875]
[0.0031558219343423843]
[0.0014137901598587632]
[0.0018751804018393159]
[0.007048316765576601]
[0.01724178157746792]
[0.0010913361329585314]
[0.0013180277310311794]
[0.001155779929831624]
[0.0011822317028418183]
[0.019340984523296356]
[0.14145362377166748]
[0.02584398351609707]
[0.0022176746279001236]
[0.011459656991064548]
[0.006570678204298019]
[0.0021060043945908546]
[0.10183829069137573]
[0.011585698463022709]
[0.0020963381975889206]
[0.0036089930217713118]
[0.011407003737986088]
[0.0076013593934476376]
[0.0032706090714782476]
[0.04828094318509102]
[0.09569094330072403]
[0.0014219561126083136]
[0.0008266488439403474]
[0.007809568662196398]
[0.007593769580125809]
[0.005982356611639261]
[0.0012371594784781337]
[0.0018495129188522696]
[0.002272909041494131]
[0.0016608494333922863]
[0.0010784636251628399]
[0.06673600524663925]
[0.007193350233137608]
[0.06714159995317459]
[0.0008239868329837918]
[0.001130343764089048]
[0.0026956426445394754]
[0.000673134985845536]
[0.0013521029613912106]
[0.0006453411187976599]
[0.005704458802938461]
[0.002201581373810768]
[0.08166929334402084]
[0.07884722203016281]
[0.05823842063546181]
[0.004577231593430042]
[0.005900519900023937]
[0.001655534957535565]
[0.0018092796672135592]
[0.06995829939842224]
[0.0009786022128537297]
[0.0018015598179772496]
[0.0036306092515587807]
[0.0016989068826660514]
[0.03610967472195625]
[0.0047776359133422375]
[0.004401425831019878]
[0.0020996667444705963]
[0.0010971231386065483]
[0.0021671706344932318]
[0.001912383479066193]
[0.14515209197998047]
[0.06707931309938431]
[0.0030109689105302095]
[0.07158661633729935]
[0.0026473740581423044]
[0.000688939297106117]
[0.0016883056377992034]
[0.0013808319345116615]
[0.015780841931700706]
[0.025175657123327255]
[0.01775011420249939]
[0.0022737972903996706]
[0.005219872109591961]
[0.0010627144947648048]
[0.12696343660354614]
[0.0852992832660675]
[0.0009976911824196577]
[0.00036337916390039027]
[0.06694627553224564]
[0.6771808862686157]
[0.03661142662167549]
[0.0006092417170293629]
[0.0007927385158836842]
[0.09001246094703674]
[0.0015659991186112165]
[0.022849611937999725]
[0.06684347987174988]
[0.009064098820090294]
[0.21258707344532013]
[0.01570342294871807]
[0.0029964458663016558]
[0.003523235907778144]
[0.0018249909626320004]
[0.0008621011511422694]
[0.0024168265517801046]
[0.0027431317139416933]
[0.0008067034650593996]
[0.14359937608242035]
[0.03239470720291138]
[0.012652498669922352]
[0.00953954178839922]
[0.043507423251867294]
[0.0008815012406557798]
[0.0012502706376835704]
[0.002821139292791486]
[0.0020269902888685465]
[0.12090696394443512]
[0.10714946687221527]
[0.001013249042443931]
[0.03401755169034004]
[0.14488372206687927]
[0.06670890003442764]
[0.002707879524677992]
[0.00192732410505414]
[0.06667932122945786]
[0.004080044571310282]
[0.012846351601183414]
[0.0020017095375806093]
[0.006035007070749998]
[0.12559746205806732]
[0.009849359281361103]
[0.001965380972251296]
[0.008044909685850143]
[0.006658969447016716]
[0.007231760770082474]
[0.002233530394732952]
[0.0018766421126201749]
[0.0007729442440904677]
[0.005751412361860275]
[0.003066382138058543]
[0.1008833721280098]
[0.06830459088087082]
[0.0019326966721564531]
[0.0012473337119445205]
[0.0021922276355326176]
[0.06645884364843369]
[0.0007653604261577129]
[0.07153397053480148]
[0.002305078785866499]
[0.0032447041012346745]
[0.0017587764887139201]
[0.005039896350353956]
[0.004068009089678526]
[0.0038117661606520414]
[0.003228917485103011]
[0.008350878022611141]
[0.0006484843324869871]
[0.003558892523869872]
[0.001381401321850717]
[0.003972860053181648]
[0.001445307396352291]
[0.06635809689760208]
[0.025644004344940186]
[0.11401913315057755]
[0.0013646738370880485]
[0.0010952604934573174]
[0.0017937333323061466]
[0.006228868383914232]
[0.0019485561642795801]
[0.0011972016654908657]
[0.0011492912890389562]
[0.002599849598482251]
[0.002403203397989273]
[0.001667685923166573]
[0.008293005637824535]
[0.0019663788843899965]
[0.0008060411200858653]
[0.0006143011851236224]
[0.0015583523781970143]
[0.0007684227894060314]
[0.002338747726753354]
[0.005047015380114317]
[0.0016577377682551742]
[0.001192550640553236]
[0.11737591028213501]
[0.001390292658470571]
[0.0011593102244660258]
[0.0012551085092127323]
[0.0031546680256724358]
[0.0015037321718409657]
[0.37918412685394287]
[0.005276285577565432]
[0.06612136214971542]
[0.0004498345369938761]
[0.0014246688224375248]
[0.10080268979072571]
[0.0056406110525131226]
[0.001000728807412088]
[0.00029725435888394713]
[0.0012255081674084067]
[0.004239002708345652]
[0.02786496840417385]
[0.07917632162570953]
[0.0021874061785638332]
[0.004265024792402983]
[0.0022961811628192663]
[0.00891499686986208]
[0.001997007755562663]
[0.001969776814803481]
[0.0009218466002494097]
[0.0019466632511466742]
[0.0006341806147247553]
[0.001943566370755434]
[0.004762671422213316]
[0.15553642809391022]
[0.0012987967347726226]
[0.0006911823293194175]
[0.003918284550309181]
[0.004437698051333427]
[0.18077468872070312]
[0.0019662785343825817]
[0.0015111251268535852]
[0.0024366332218050957]
[0.06624380499124527]
[0.0021811621263623238]
[0.002217552624642849]
[0.007512022741138935]
[0.00032841190113686025]
[0.010747628286480904]
[0.013497752137482166]
[0.0020293411798775196]
[0.005266923923045397]
[0.0008912812918424606]
[0.005094932857900858]
[0.002610868541523814]
[0.0006766595179215074]
[0.07070867717266083]
[0.006823210511356592]
[0.06585907936096191]
[0.053218480199575424]
[0.0696943923830986]
[0.27730733156204224]
[0.6571258306503296]
[0.06602712720632553]
[0.00444759801030159]
[0.008521085605025291]
[0.0019525985699146986]
[0.005393019411712885]
[0.03201091289520264]
[0.0012495028786361217]
[0.0018493427196517587]
[0.0018281004158779979]
[0.042949385941028595]
[0.036181457340717316]
[0.0017778538167476654]
[0.016771430149674416]
[0.0022443183697760105]
[0.01142325159162283]
[0.08954600989818573]
[0.021042346954345703]
[0.0011418953072279692]
[0.13011686503887177]
[0.005870329216122627]
[0.0003471019444987178]
[0.005457624793052673]
[0.006287264171987772]
[0.11022564023733139]
[0.002606614027172327]
[0.06571011245250702]
[0.0020456279162317514]
[0.0021368619054555893]
[0.009996608830988407]
[0.0017101496923714876]
[0.0018164734356105328]
[0.007313579320907593]
[0.07184688746929169]
[0.06567993015050888]
[0.005060785915702581]
[0.006899623200297356]
[0.013312214985489845]
[0.0035300194285809994]
[0.0014015344204381108]
[0.06564510613679886]
[0.0009974543936550617]
[0.0013544154353439808]
[0.0011785266688093543]
[0.11732329428195953]
[0.5713679790496826]
[0.0012444471940398216]
[0.02352534607052803]
[0.0068288701586425304]
[0.14226312935352325]
[0.010639629326760769]
[0.0010128936264663935]
[0.14546293020248413]
[0.08715606480836868]
[0.008487286046147346]
[0.0018664887174963951]
[0.5689632296562195]
[0.1488976627588272]
[0.0655912235379219]
[0.0009815418161451817]
[0.051021575927734375]
[0.0008248998783528805]
[0.0016308537451550364]
[0.02638348378241062]
[0.004482361022382975]
[0.0006267715361900628]
[0.3170936107635498]
[0.02419225126504898]
[0.020428461953997612]
[0.0026667099446058273]
[0.00806004460901022]
[0.001323282835073769]
[0.9827186465263367]
[0.001511240261606872]
[0.8016879558563232]
[0.1036948710680008]
[0.0009064102196134627]
[0.03709821403026581]
[0.024951154366135597]
[0.0026635832618921995]
[1.7686599493026733]
[0.07602175325155258]
[0.40993770956993103]
[0.8239977359771729]
[0.0032090586610138416]
[0.4615223705768585]
[0.14713510870933533]
[0.06503453105688095]
[0.0019391268724575639]
[0.011452539823949337]
[0.0009254356264136732]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.008052322082221508]
[0.07208829373121262]
[0.00544319860637188]
[0.018645839765667915]
[0.10335925966501236]
[0.0007924286182969809]
[0.0007642053533345461]
[0.15959452092647552]
[0.15095776319503784]
[0.008280744776129723]
[0.005122795235365629]
[0.13271409273147583]
[0.0008566626929678023]
[0.010844395495951176]
[0.0012767816660925746]
[0.018561990931630135]
[0.002158500486984849]
[0.07197065651416779]
[0.0018110766541212797]
[0.3520840108394623]
[0.05388423055410385]
[0.0011607722844928503]
[0.002066888613626361]
[0.003014093264937401]
[0.002029337687417865]
[0.05111386254429817]
[0.01362660527229309]
[0.0011236743303015828]
[0.0020451974123716354]
[0.001456489902921021]
[0.022865038365125656]
[0.002207703422755003]
[0.0011429478181526065]
[0.0008784814272075891]
[0.07083252817392349]
[0.2041442096233368]
[0.0019205304561182857]
[0.019456809386610985]
[0.018016286194324493]
[0.0004802294133696705]
[0.022775698453187943]
[0.0023950606118887663]
[0.0012776325456798077]
[0.2986578345298767]
[0.02164236456155777]
[0.12573762238025665]
[0.00945090688765049]
[0.005880751647055149]
[0.01026355940848589]
[0.0006728579173795879]
[0.2920251786708832]
[0.02423546463251114]
[0.0029927995055913925]
[0.0009064790792763233]
[0.01725393906235695]
[0.0007379968301393092]
[0.005085326265543699]
[0.01923852227628231]
[0.011134113185107708]
[0.14245352149009705]
[0.001720133819617331]
[0.0008013868937268853]
[0.020376170054078102]
[0.0010622191475704312]
[0.009709808975458145]
[0.14678479731082916]
[0.06590250134468079]
[0.004685570020228624]
[0.02024468593299389]
[0.0007690222701057792]
[0.10335144400596619]
[0.018007684499025345]
[0.5941341519355774]
[0.0017429559957236052]
[0.3121826946735382]
[0.006603739690035582]
[0.011514409445226192]
[0.0034752339124679565]
[0.0014754929579794407]
[0.002162091201171279]
[0.002518546534702182]
[0.4637344777584076]
[0.012275703251361847]
[0.021291637793183327]
[0.0021908688358962536]
[0.10831727832555771]
[0.007870540954172611]
[0.0027635064907372]
[0.014200788922607899]
[0.06566540151834488]
[0.005402192939072847]
[0.020854182541370392]
[0.2202749252319336]
[0.06986130028963089]
[0.01259902585297823]
[0.00201214337721467]
[0.0011225584894418716]
[0.0014458680525422096]
[0.06572549790143967]
[0.02890693210065365]
[0.011744153685867786]
[0.5094935297966003]
[0.015616717748343945]
[0.0007969750440679491]
[0.0008435531635768712]
[0.0014446511631831527]
[0.01439587865024805]
[0.0004410211695358157]
[0.001203603926114738]
[0.0017411480657756329]
[0.07197790592908859]
[0.004780958406627178]
[0.0656885877251625]
[0.11093427985906601]
[0.007248499896377325]
[0.03458802402019501]
[0.0010640484979376197]
[0.001702415756881237]
[0.00531481858342886]
[0.03112795390188694]
[0.002338839927688241]
[0.007825196720659733]
[0.01139596477150917]
[0.0021469092462211847]
[0.013084780424833298]
[0.004425918683409691]
[0.0016606044955551624]
[0.03610151633620262]
[0.0011876594508066773]
[0.000635025673545897]
[0.012882557697594166]
[0.001607171492651105]
[0.007172329816967249]
[0.0011769987177103758]
[0.00209455331787467]
[0.1317237764596939]
[0.0009450310608372092]
[0.13435719907283783]
[0.0020434437319636345]
[0.012910560704767704]
[0.005973773542791605]
[0.006802116520702839]
[0.0028406912460923195]
[0.0030653635039925575]
[0.007713986560702324]
[0.04256809130311012]
[0.002073907293379307]
[0.0029533598572015762]
[0.0018315000925213099]
[0.0036437269300222397]
[0.006122494116425514]
[0.009766560047864914]
[0.00301133724860847]
[0.006997983902692795]
[0.011511714197695255]
[0.14094094932079315]
[0.002898957347497344]
[0.0028121236246079206]
[0.006656248588114977]
[0.15063244104385376]
[0.0006663684616796672]
[0.0009758983505889773]
[0.06587395817041397]
[0.07151445746421814]
[0.002842104760929942]
[0.00117833586409688]
[0.26813846826553345]
[0.0218928512185812]
[0.004089971072971821]
[0.025254851207137108]
[0.1339961290359497]
[0.0036412086337804794]
[0.00627398956567049]
[0.00939266663044691]
[0.0029539947863668203]
[0.002745489589869976]
[0.001719237887300551]
[0.2686793804168701]
[0.0013929202686995268]
[0.0014192634262144566]
[0.06579182296991348]
[0.14169399440288544]
[0.0015368058811873198]
[0.06589987874031067]
[0.07992791384458542]
[0.006521254312247038]
[0.0023166360333561897]
[0.00266408477909863]
[0.002954184077680111]
[0.003143418813124299]
[0.06563076376914978]
[0.00657188706099987]
[0.0009457631385885179]
[0.004555804654955864]
[0.004245126619935036]
[0.0058419774286448956]
[0.0024812454357743263]
[0.13125938177108765]
[0.0026416254695504904]
[0.0016559823416173458]
[0.0023025814443826675]
[0.0021786880679428577]
[0.016574880108237267]
[0.0036366635467857122]
[0.028698118403553963]
[0.0020678930450230837]
[0.0017425413243472576]
[0.0016882382333278656]
[0.005288098007440567]
[0.545053243637085]
[0.002058434998616576]
[0.06576259434223175]
[0.002059177029877901]
[0.11099739372730255]
[0.07064758241176605]
[0.00516594247892499]
[0.01597641408443451]
[0.003738954896107316]
[0.053093064576387405]
[0.0036760508082807064]
[0.06524000316858292]
[0.011058205738663673]
[0.001649137120693922]
[0.002210203791037202]
[0.001025746576488018]
[0.0004073819436598569]
[0.004334908910095692]
[0.03773966431617737]
[0.0016005161451175809]
[0.0159755889326334]
[0.011553854681551456]
[0.001979839289560914]
[1.5378364324569702]
[0.09957566857337952]
[0.0014547246973961592]
[0.15185052156448364]
[0.0006462823366746306]
[0.0012002888834103942]
[0.024886446073651314]
[0.0017497391672804952]
[0.16952192783355713]
[0.014641258865594864]
[0.0014708618400618434]
[0.07095463573932648]
[0.014682813547551632]
[0.0009636381873860955]
[0.0022141924127936363]
[0.003846406703814864]
[0.003156360937282443]
[0.06370855867862701]
[0.0720922201871872]
[0.0015242502558976412]
[0.0018385088769719005]
[0.04936986044049263]
[0.0010355430422350764]
[4.120506763458252]
[0.0011192685924470425]
[0.0011035024654120207]
[0.019313117489218712]
[0.018795177340507507]
[0.5108620524406433]
[0.26237723231315613]
[0.001997837098315358]
[0.016633111983537674]
[0.0020541187841445208]
[0.5427660346031189]
[0.001300289062783122]
[0.0019473051652312279]
[0.0013333398383110762]
[0.001741777523420751]
[0.00658769253641367]
[0.004080533515661955]
[0.0034409675281494856]
[0.0010147434659302235]
[0.001076867338269949]
[0.0020096488296985626]
[0.0025246324948966503]
[0.15014855563640594]
[0.045327045023441315]
[0.0006442155572585762]
[0.03034728206694126]
[0.002842661924660206]
[0.5532816648483276]
[0.008878630585968494]
[0.0005928145837970078]
[0.0011836548801511526]
[0.0034720979165285826]
[0.0302506685256958]
[0.004681949503719807]
[0.1436583399772644]
[0.0010544226970523596]
[0.02187889814376831]
[0.015369486063718796]
[0.01644860953092575]
[0.029012946411967278]
[0.017789475619792938]
[0.0013661590637639165]
[0.011964697390794754]
[0.011516080237925053]
[0.013174168765544891]
[0.005806444212794304]
[0.002201914554461837]
[0.34533241391181946]
[0.01032137032598257]
[0.0013613358605653048]
[0.2501888573169708]
[0.0017876005731523037]
[0.0015110303647816181]
[0.003438600804656744]
[0.0033135905396193266]
[0.001911650993861258]
[0.0015105365309864283]
[0.018394965678453445]
[0.0030161612667143345]
[0.0019011198310181499]
[0.007738824002444744]
[0.0035008781123906374]
[0.001648256671614945]
[0.0009471186785958707]
[0.0022760946303606033]
[0.0020592473447322845]
[0.0014806616818532348]
[0.0029568695463240147]
[0.007695612497627735]
[0.0014519469114020467]
[0.0012930824887007475]
[0.0028218647930771112]
[0.0027412690687924623]
[0.0006883140886202455]
[0.0010306629119440913]
[0.0011810107389464974]
[0.0021916432306170464]
[0.011426337994635105]
[0.21840409934520721]
[0.001426161965355277]
[0.001204406376928091]
[0.21828407049179077]
[0.005160590633749962]
[0.0014182812301442027]
[0.002692171838134527]
[0.007531255017966032]
[0.24122004210948944]
[0.00044294301187619567]
[0.0009119761525653303]
[0.0010067429393529892]
[0.001458346494473517]
[0.0007083817035891116]
[0.329023540019989]
[0.0012611686252057552]
[0.0007895184098742902]
[0.006855824496597052]
[0.010816862806677818]
[0.005868241190910339]
[0.005779541563242674]
[0.001566053368151188]
[0.27095115184783936]
[0.002404118189588189]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[0.025782933458685875]
[0.008947500959038734]
[0.0021097895223647356]
[0.0007630650652572513]
[0.0018275347538292408]
[0.0017917933873832226]
[0.001856624730862677]
[0.003540958510711789]
[0.2710628807544708]
[0.0053430525586009026]
[0.005842436105012894]
[0.002250520745292306]
[0.1635093241930008]
[0.0026292651891708374]
[0.0021105667110532522]
[0.008663725107908249]
[0.005250442773103714]
[0.0012371648335829377]
[0.06608232855796814]
[0.13850454986095428]
[0.008249349892139435]
[0.18255725502967834]
[0.0019900391343981028]
[0.0009227858972735703]
[0.009337351657450199]
[0.11896265298128128]
[0.00913938321173191]
[0.0002916375233326107]
[0.0656428411602974]
[0.05144641920924187]
[0.10036321729421616]
[0.006559060420840979]
[0.0008314715814776719]
[0.0014603324234485626]
[0.014022588729858398]
[0.000533559825271368]
[0.06614004820585251]
[0.015158492140471935]
[0.0015225319657474756]
[0.013508455827832222]
[0.0015549398958683014]
[0.2798749506473541]
[0.000956823059823364]
[0.0007215057266876101]
[0.0020101568661630154]
[0.002344616688787937]
[0.13148871064186096]
[0.001160732819698751]
[0.0006467088824138045]
[0.0016750700306147337]
[0.0102376164868474]
[0.0037306686863303185]
[0.00844924058765173]
[0.007967956364154816]
[0.020462920889258385]
[0.06611868739128113]
[0.0018899115966632962]
[0.0032290476374328136]
[0.009961549192667007]
[0.0660780817270279]
[0.006487551145255566]
[0.0015273173339664936]
[0.009761996567249298]
[0.0013355528935790062]
[0.2591187357902527]
[0.06595516949892044]
[0.0011266830842942]
[0.28030651807785034]
[0.0011241245083510876]
[0.0013250523479655385]
[0.002383887069299817]
[0.0069459229707717896]
[0.14697270095348358]
[0.01422193180769682]
[0.006849964149296284]
[0.006109997630119324]
[0.3805010914802551]
[0.004407319240272045]
[0.010520908050239086]
[0.0021727429702878]
[0.09013121575117111]
[0.007700636982917786]
[0.0009350960608571768]
[0.12975339591503143]
[0.008374864235520363]
[0.0008029770106077194]
[0.05783737078309059]
[0.012960532680153847]
[0.008345888927578926]
[0.0008125205058604479]
[0.0810072124004364]
[0.0017588362097740173]
[0.0022773256059736013]
[0.007312213070690632]
[0.006393540650606155]
[0.0016480499180033803]
[0.0013342496240511537]
[0.0024936094414442778]
[0.006337028928101063]
[0.001955255400389433]
[0.008044215850532055]
[0.25754719972610474]
[0.12107112258672714]
[0.0012734498595818877]
[0.0021056917030364275]
[0.0021164945792406797]
[0.005802946165204048]
[0.0660017803311348]
[0.001507445820607245]
[0.15029755234718323]
[0.0035305044148117304]
[0.0013169966405257583]
[0.001782188075594604]
[0.0009494525147601962]
[0.002521535148844123]
[0.0022548120468854904]
[0.0015638747718185186]
[0.001813987735658884]
[0.0015041083097457886]
[0.012326600961387157]
[0.0021401552949100733]
[0.0017300338950008154]
[0.003770490875467658]
[0.0024480365682393312]
[0.0077680014073848724]
[0.00424515176564455]
[0.0050581274554133415]
[0.33604657649993896]
[0.0031602722592651844]
[0.0037151589058339596]
[0.007528749760240316]
[0.0018404129659757018]
[0.003396061947569251]
[0.003401518799364567]
[0.0861721783876419]
[0.005079269874840975]
[0.0009209504933096468]
[0.24974802136421204]
[0.0013472428545355797]
[0.0010736711556091905]
[0.0659775659441948]
[0.008726674132049084]
[0.0015537540894001722]
[0.0018106265924870968]
[0.001172077376395464]
[0.0013808613875880837]
[0.0027086064219474792]
[0.0018966675270348787]
[0.06590265035629272]
[0.0034302156418561935]
[0.008728125132620335]
[0.007151833735406399]
[0.004251869395375252]
[0.0008060487452894449]
[0.008529405109584332]
[0.005261799320578575]
[0.0014908530283719301]
[0.1274344027042389]
[0.0007868111715652049]
[0.003104571718722582]
[0.0012077948777005076]
[0.002216483000665903]
[0.0008201476885005832]
[0.0022555761970579624]
[0.06996481120586395]
[0.23503786325454712]
[0.000654711970128119]
[0.0016381985042244196]
[0.001775564276613295]
[0.0010097024496644735]
[0.019494496285915375]
[0.003871241817250848]
[0.002694828901439905]
[0.003630593419075012]
[0.0018899054266512394]
[0.015057341195642948]
[0.0037247524596750736]
[0.002598951570689678]
[0.007900851778686047]
[0.06565258651971817]
[0.003352958243340254]
[0.0034852621611207724]
[0.15045787394046783]
[0.0028765194583684206]
[0.009285877458751202]
[0.0020349815022200346]
[0.09878666698932648]
[0.000778646266553551]
[0.28582867980003357]
[0.10374410450458527]
[0.0019127152627333999]
[0.1272525042295456]
[0.002078697085380554]
[0.001301649259403348]
[0.0025337219703942537]
[0.0014707972295582294]
[0.0011805060785263777]
[0.075895294547081]
[0.0007086211699061096]
[0.0033187803346663713]
[0.14864122867584229]
[0.06581808626651764]
[0.02067279815673828]
[0.257664293050766]
[0.11816254258155823]
[0.026455216109752655]
[0.11488833278417587]
[0.00082386628491804]
[0.0010977389756590128]
[0.45190930366516113]
[0.10953079164028168]
[0.004649956710636616]
[0.0657179057598114]
[0.01922713965177536]
[0.00479063019156456]
[0.01753108575940132]
[0.00865538977086544]
[0.0011914240894839168]
[0.10766547173261642]
[0.5188152194023132]
[0.0013127005659043789]
[0.002156993141397834]
[0.0075836181640625]
[0.0018990992102771997]
[0.004200316965579987]
[0.0004680799029301852]
[0.06534521281719208]
[0.22846175730228424]
[0.005590760614722967]
[0.008610174991190434]
[0.001986434916034341]
[0.12254688888788223]
[0.0024676471948623657]
[0.002239721827208996]
[0.13849790394306183]
[0.008467786014080048]
[0.0017354234587401152]
[0.0009778733365237713]
[0.07190336287021637]
[0.0019400316523388028]
[0.05555311217904091]
[0.06503662467002869]
[0.018924405798316002]
[0.009984982199966908]
[0.01588050276041031]
[0.012111631222069263]
[0.006838188972324133]
[0.0012557123554870486]
[0.008914344944059849]
[0.010052090510725975]
[0.003007712075486779]
[0.001198585145175457]
[0.05833379924297333]
[0.0011163337621837854]
[0.007960375398397446]
[0.0031928294338285923]
[0.00048446227447129786]
[0.0019925900269299746]
[0.05886011943221092]
[0.16018527746200562]
[0.008939272724092007]
[0.0033616444561630487]
[0.01012793742120266]
[0.012785034254193306]
[0.10261515527963638]
[0.0012866072356700897]
[0.0015304774278774858]
[0.04845660179853439]
[0.0446438230574131]
[0.004958517849445343]
[0.00618778308853507]
[0.004946481436491013]
[0.0018943240866065025]
[0.0051875789649784565]
[0.0016294911038130522]
[0.008020881563425064]
[0.0018917049746960402]
[0.0017112493515014648]
[0.12505199015140533]
[0.13455405831336975]
[0.008968688547611237]
[0.010806530714035034]
[0.08115427196025848]
[0.15318965911865234]
[0.0013887247769162059]
[0.00035644331364892423]
[0.002872526878491044]
[0.0010760236764326692]
[0.10221466422080994]
[0.06530652195215225]
[0.07970303297042847]
[0.003419948276132345]
[0.02787685953080654]
[0.10130172967910767]
[0.0018173770513385534]
[0.0012778127565979958]
[0.0015170456608757377]
[0.016832761466503143]
[0.07136251032352448]
[0.005060966592282057]
[0.08995537459850311]
[0.0013956327456980944]
[0.0008285641088150442]
[0.07107193768024445]
[0.11231064796447754]
[0.001698286272585392]
[0.00467867823317647]
[0.0030428769532591105]
[0.005055466201156378]
[0.004193594679236412]
[0.1132313460111618]
[0.0024012275971472263]
[0.01615801639854908]
[0.0011605521431192756]
[0.0026129225734621286]
[0.002186410129070282]
[0.0021257365588098764]
[0.12614823877811432]
[0.05655098333954811]
[0.0018709659343585372]
[0.00285332091152668]
[0.012005654163658619]
[0.005297439638525248]
[0.0022239938843995333]
[0.0023670620284974575]
[0.2790495455265045]
[0.008050939068198204]
[0.0019952876027673483]
[0.0008097165846265852]
[0.019110167399048805]
[0.02110552228987217]
[0.015241941437125206]
[0.0007689163321629167]
[0.0036815234925597906]
[0.0018804185092449188]
[0.002797761233523488]
[0.0016822447068989277]
[0.001432977500371635]
[0.1471433937549591]
[0.002111488487571478]
[0.0009367724414914846]
[0.007663596421480179]
[0.001717881066724658]
[0.0007696185493841767]
[0.002206509467214346]
[0.011657309718430042]
[0.09163570404052734]
[0.14657217264175415]
[0.0009904401376843452]
[0.004328828305006027]
[0.0016369759105145931]
[0.005730215925723314]
[0.009113583713769913]
[0.003787416499108076]
[0.15974250435829163]
[0.0007995678461156785]
[0.003941283095628023]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0016043734503909945]
[0.06520654261112213]
[0.06519415229558945]
[0.0069821602664887905]
[0.005262489430606365]
[0.06567004323005676]
[0.0017848245333880186]
[0.06507979333400726]
[0.006730795372277498]
[0.010682995431125164]
[0.0020662350580096245]
[0.0012460043653845787]
[0.0025210764724761248]
[0.00865140464156866]
[0.0009874021634459496]
[0.003292608307674527]
[0.07067812234163284]
[0.0012849982595071197]
[0.004784935619682074]
[0.0008031337056308985]
[0.0017373908776789904]
[0.14310751855373383]
[0.005649459548294544]
[0.0012261345982551575]
[0.010089386254549026]
[0.0007736940169706941]
[0.052405063062906265]
[0.0015303054824471474]
[0.00142785650677979]
[0.10394873470067978]
[0.00597463920712471]
[0.007110397797077894]
[0.0014063729904592037]
[0.0046593910083174706]
[0.005606859922409058]
[0.07048273831605911]
[0.00765945203602314]
[0.0005914386129006743]
[0.13646449148654938]
[0.0014240166638046503]
[0.0015282725216820836]
[0.08377285301685333]
[0.004141898360103369]
[0.005431097932159901]
[0.0018720445223152637]
[0.0024480572901666164]
[0.009936114773154259]
[0.002458144212141633]
[0.0005193835240788758]
[0.013480781577527523]
[0.000884830136783421]
[0.2680678069591522]
[0.0009661740623414516]
[0.06491493433713913]
[0.001406329101882875]
[0.0008516290108673275]
[0.002432751702144742]
[0.005599832162261009]
[0.005904333665966988]
[0.2597975432872772]
[0.09120909869670868]
[0.003346663201227784]
[0.07018858939409256]
[0.0013176638167351484]
[0.003574992995709181]
[0.0009924989426508546]
[0.0010056449100375175]
[0.0015990522224456072]
[0.002653957810252905]
[0.003742848290130496]
[0.0018893085652962327]
[0.007087034173309803]
[0.0018674852326512337]
[0.006615700200200081]
[0.2538909316062927]
[0.13447417318820953]
[0.0020724444184452295]
[0.0007469899719581008]
[0.006815733388066292]
[0.0009977211011573672]
[0.00265948916785419]
[0.001324635581113398]
[0.029595352709293365]
[0.005448173265904188]
[0.001253474154509604]
[0.44707635045051575]
[0.0028333812952041626]
[0.002693809801712632]
[0.0024451541248708963]
[0.0020170544739812613]
[0.023238668218255043]
[0.0042581274174153805]
[0.0059864716604352]
[0.005627593956887722]
[0.12692174315452576]
[0.0020180055871605873]
[0.010655533522367477]
[0.007336339447647333]
[0.0011655857088044286]
[0.000566081318538636]
[0.13069792091846466]
[0.0038829075638204813]
[0.06503721326589584]
[0.15190120041370392]
[0.002767343772575259]
[0.009446483105421066]
[0.009320847690105438]
[0.0026396973989903927]
[0.0036941173020750284]
[0.016787385568022728]
[0.0008729271357879043]
[0.06496981531381607]
[0.005426409188657999]
[0.06493540108203888]
[0.003790423506870866]
[0.01233461033552885]
[0.00704409321770072]
[0.008505013771355152]
[0.007659635506570339]
[0.006987119093537331]
[0.007284826133400202]
[0.006891610566526651]
[0.007289647590368986]
[0.0009599206387065351]
[0.026180310174822807]
[0.0007381055038422346]
[0.004371305461972952]
[0.09479475766420364]
[0.011708272621035576]
[0.06465230882167816]
[0.001959412358701229]
[0.04007348045706749]
[0.0018826808081939816]
[0.0020937470253556967]
[0.00423052255064249]
[0.0033720240462571383]
[0.0029083488043397665]
[0.0012630644487217069]
[0.004491707310080528]
[0.005006200633943081]
[0.0009092516265809536]
[0.15769970417022705]
[0.1085941419005394]
[0.0012835219968110323]
[0.0023545220028609037]
[0.0015997622394934297]
[0.0025195428170263767]
[0.0024885095190256834]
[0.1116064190864563]
[0.0010038521140813828]
[0.0026548944879323244]
[0.00257623172365129]
[0.004110069014132023]
[0.028911303728818893]
[0.3454640209674835]
[0.0007127095013856888]
[0.0008691235561855137]
[0.007090705446898937]
[0.0029918558429926634]
[0.24768780171871185]
[0.0035894375760108232]
[0.0645461305975914]
[0.016012096777558327]
[0.2314576357603073]
[0.00975788664072752]
[0.0017002710374072194]
[0.00719626946374774]
[0.0015087153296917677]
[0.11661829799413681]
[0.0018135937862098217]
[0.1741708517074585]
[0.001053199521265924]
[0.0072106244042515755]
[0.1315138190984726]
[0.5108770728111267]
[0.0008498646202497184]
[0.002865766640752554]
[0.0036003654822707176]
[0.0021658188197761774]
[0.001015490386635065]
[0.09371604025363922]
[0.0032784538343548775]
[0.0008119420963339508]
[0.006989799905568361]
[0.000997569179162383]
[0.017595283687114716]
[0.013798534870147705]
[0.001608727383427322]
[0.0017032729228958488]
[0.0034824353642761707]
[0.0644998624920845]
[0.14173586666584015]
[0.0014476205687969923]
[0.002247011289000511]
[0.08775309473276138]
[0.0009080899762921035]
[0.0009020116995088756]
[0.0021900245919823647]
[0.0042230719700455666]
[0.0019757114350795746]
[0.014751037582755089]
[0.0704529657959938]
[0.005817154422402382]
[0.01825289987027645]
[0.005922834388911724]
[0.008858256042003632]
[0.0016677799867466092]
[0.07581212371587753]
[0.0009199313353747129]
[0.0017444291152060032]
[0.01219379622489214]
[0.06440109014511108]
[0.008754903450608253]
[0.0008258834714069963]
[0.0009078489383682609]
[0.0035896862391382456]
[0.012350879609584808]
[0.13935761153697968]
[0.0005444178823381662]
[0.0033254786394536495]
[0.16481342911720276]
[0.0108330138027668]
[0.0008803747477941215]
[0.003715270198881626]
[0.0011976525420323014]
[0.007604681421071291]
[0.13613437116146088]
[0.0011961369309574366]
[0.0006232241285033524]
[0.0658838078379631]
[0.0020411959849298]
[0.10667885094881058]
[0.015418006107211113]
[0.0008675871067680418]
[0.0012781250989064574]
[0.0029006965924054384]
[0.45720627903938293]
[0.000953570706769824]
[0.006325503811240196]
[0.01118160504847765]
[0.0016469992697238922]
[0.0194937065243721]
[0.5339972972869873]
[0.08677825331687927]
[0.0005809854483231902]
[0.003240967635065317]
[0.012238463386893272]
[0.0008046815637499094]
[0.002178468042984605]
[0.011174900457262993]
[0.012107373215258121]
[0.00763839902356267]
[0.001802357379347086]
[0.2936410903930664]
[0.0010105647379532456]
[0.0013465683441609144]
[0.010652958415448666]
[0.0040949550457298756]
[0.00410179840400815]
[0.0019591290038079023]
[0.001324407639913261]
[0.09166863560676575]
[0.0016994677716866136]
[0.0006787574966438115]
[0.0644119456410408]
[0.13493311405181885]
[0.0654323548078537]
[0.002632241230458021]
[0.0006806884193792939]
[0.06830210238695145]
[0.0022210683673620224]
[0.07531698793172836]
[0.0018952609971165657]
[0.0643404945731163]
[0.21831268072128296]
[0.07507718354463577]
[0.029422516003251076]
[0.01617339998483658]
[0.23220673203468323]
[0.0010544398101046681]
[0.0738331601023674]
[0.04128767549991608]
[0.10391770303249359]
[0.0007473943405784667]
[0.001013880711980164]
[0.007397314999252558]
[0.004819931928068399]
[0.00207443512044847]
[0.0005425023846328259]
[0.21492978930473328]
[0.0009608693653717637]
[0.017861461266875267]
[0.001475031953305006]
[0.013589599169790745]
[0.003356734523549676]
[0.020811639726161957]
[0.08738051354885101]
[0.0008360035135410726]
[0.0019125842954963446]
[0.0009573764982633293]
[0.015401413664221764]
[0.13625633716583252]
[0.004146474879235029]
[0.12821412086486816]
[0.00363138341344893]
[0.06416070461273193]
[0.0017331276321783662]
[0.001704354421235621]
[0.0014176805270835757]
[0.0016755376709625125]
[0.0022186520509421825]
[0.003378059947863221]
[0.0009150034748017788]
[0.004012485034763813]
[0.11233110725879669]
[0.0023620519787073135]
[0.000805014802608639]
[0.011668384075164795]
[0.0006332318298518658]
[0.005412578582763672]
[0.009718959219753742]
[0.0021452438086271286]
[0.0010398399317637086]
[0.0030141682364046574]
[0.01494384091347456]
[0.1339285969734192]
[0.001899642520584166]
[0.00654184352606535]
[0.0011360814096406102]
[0.1902945339679718]
[0.0639612078666687]
[0.0010690734488889575]
[0.04358058422803879]
[0.000977806863375008]
[0.008699693717062473]
[0.0020520170219242573]
[0.007377702742815018]
[0.0027508465573191643]
[0.132969468832016]
[0.012066635303199291]
[0.0009811848867684603]
[0.00551970861852169]
[0.001033726497553289]
[0.0009202288347296417]
[0.0019101776415482163]
[0.0011448005679994822]
[0.4227631390094757]
[0.0007326601189561188]
[0.0006370064802467823]
[0.0010505450190976262]
[0.06382983922958374]
[0.18619461357593536]
[0.005555171985179186]
[0.002468619728460908]
[0.0069113606587052345]
[0.002924168948084116]
[0.006296694744378328]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.002950158901512623]
[0.0015630284324288368]
[0.0026390033308416605]
[0.008138387463986874]
[0.06371346861124039]
[0.004383022431284189]
[0.0020011442247778177]
[0.003094044281169772]
[0.004038089420646429]
[0.0024147292133420706]
[0.0020246070344001055]
[0.0021552026737481356]
[0.0009695621556602418]
[0.004071581643074751]
[0.0706431120634079]
[0.001227368600666523]
[0.0509905181825161]
[0.0012639163760468364]
[0.7259618639945984]
[0.006562117487192154]
[0.001433729543350637]
[0.0062148720026016235]
[0.0041444385424256325]
[0.06333930790424347]
[0.0008472306071780622]
[0.004963891115039587]
[0.3418301045894623]
[0.007432137615978718]
[0.0021363915875554085]
[0.0019042405765503645]
[0.00082283845404163]
[0.0019498378969728947]
[0.01492320280522108]
[0.001381937530823052]
[0.016156885772943497]
[0.04463688284158707]
[0.001961890608072281]
[0.06581881642341614]
[0.0031982343643903732]
[0.003056848654523492]
[0.016651108860969543]
[0.06831078231334686]
[0.0007605421706102788]
[0.001569986343383789]
[0.06578244268894196]
[0.001286951475776732]
[0.0019373830873519182]
[0.07690352946519852]
[0.04440032318234444]
[0.0028897884767502546]
[0.0020953116472810507]
[0.0009823177242651582]
[0.005316578317433596]
[0.3924958109855652]
[0.0020233208779245615]
[0.010339399799704552]
[0.00538497744128108]
[0.004197272472083569]
[0.001065302174538374]
[0.006132723297923803]
[0.001244790619239211]
[0.0015277857892215252]
[0.012236464768648148]
[0.003179827006533742]
[0.023368045687675476]
[0.004805760458111763]
[0.3092344105243683]
[0.08680479228496552]
[0.004475042689591646]
[0.0030849245376884937]
[0.10008121281862259]
[0.004826356191188097]
[0.01043087337166071]
[0.005268028471618891]
[0.001863517565652728]
[0.006914821919053793]
[0.0036302811931818724]
[0.06808473914861679]
[0.0022097493056207895]
[0.0011243686312809587]
[0.01712970994412899]
[0.004308273550122976]
[0.003631315426900983]
[0.0040451292879879475]
[0.002981710946187377]
[0.0023741479963064194]
[0.00470558600500226]
[0.002921967301517725]
[0.016901805996894836]
[0.001368525205180049]
[0.707750141620636]
[0.0017440285300835967]
[0.0021537106949836016]
[0.002912977011874318]
[0.0006212809821590781]
[0.2014501541852951]
[0.000860025582369417]
[0.008909438736736774]
[0.0018506385385990143]
[0.06367342174053192]
[0.0017014602199196815]
[0.010688697919249535]
[0.0032160612754523754]
[0.26135993003845215]
[0.13354693353176117]
[0.002253293991088867]
[0.0551089271903038]
[0.036223139613866806]
[0.0020663379691541195]
[0.12253832817077637]
[0.0030753719620406628]
[0.0637025460600853]
[0.10809352248907089]
[0.0008355525205843151]
[0.002945465035736561]
[0.02315812185406685]
[0.022961914539337158]
[0.020567512139678]
[0.0010577808134257793]
[0.005194001365453005]
[0.0008424291154369712]
[0.004141517449170351]
[0.13680212199687958]
[0.0016398349544033408]
[0.033977001905441284]
[0.07082641124725342]
[0.0016536269104108214]
[0.07075641304254532]
[0.0014804825186729431]
[0.450582355260849]
[0.001380050671286881]
[0.07053149491548538]
[0.0024549670051783323]
[0.006136768031865358]
[0.0014183836756274104]
[0.01032785139977932]
[0.11635872721672058]
[0.001958938082680106]
[0.02959033101797104]
[0.0035678811836987734]
[0.030064277350902557]
[0.000914544565603137]
[0.012860782444477081]
[0.0010451863054186106]
[0.00454757222905755]
[0.002472034189850092]
[0.0038358268793672323]
[0.007817809469997883]
[0.06593208014965057]
[0.0021396742668002844]
[0.25426268577575684]
[0.0009378405520692468]
[0.024910492822527885]
[0.0017684518825262785]
[0.06385888904333115]
[0.009416884742677212]
[0.13070525228977203]
[0.09163761883974075]
[0.011239293962717056]
[0.05614907294511795]
[0.0012031171936541796]
[0.0019490885315462947]
[0.02664966508746147]
[0.007717537228018045]
[0.01580684818327427]
[0.015699351206421852]
[0.0008285833173431456]
[0.0026598041877150536]
[0.0018631820566952229]
[0.004241502843797207]
[0.1343311220407486]
[0.004257326480001211]
[0.005632755812257528]
[0.0011252259137108922]
[0.002099566860124469]
[0.0037760466802865267]
[0.002453266642987728]
[0.00852553267031908]
[0.02838769182562828]
[0.0016218919772654772]
[0.004941143561154604]
[0.006250983569771051]
[0.0637011006474495]
[0.0019791133236140013]
[0.017201293259859085]
[0.002835022285580635]
[0.06888514757156372]
[0.0014176792465150356]
[0.0012253373861312866]
[0.0007382929907180369]
[0.2818877696990967]
[0.001000985037535429]
[0.0014344314113259315]
[0.011418269015848637]
[0.002432970330119133]
[0.45458361506462097]
[0.030794525519013405]
[0.0016127118142321706]
[0.042274851351976395]
[0.003297379706054926]
[0.0010901152854785323]
[0.0011894825147464871]
[0.008533408865332603]
[0.00304076517932117]
[0.0007135518826544285]
[0.0011990317143499851]
[0.02775195799767971]
[0.0010924622183665633]
[0.001593353459611535]
[0.001810788526199758]
[0.002728578168898821]
[0.05473150312900543]
[0.0007835851865820587]
[0.0006187776452861726]
[0.007637373171746731]
[0.001173299504444003]
[0.0025498061440885067]
[0.7877591848373413]
[0.017020605504512787]
[0.10277748107910156]
[0.004343586042523384]
[0.2172776609659195]
[0.004316961858421564]
[0.0010172354523092508]
[0.0016206682194024324]
[0.003566545434296131]
[0.0012047523632645607]
[0.0006754593341611326]
[0.0026950547471642494]
[0.006678565870970488]
[0.07617663592100143]
[0.0022789165377616882]
[0.2662208676338196]
[0.02087109163403511]
[0.0019324799068272114]
[0.021512536332011223]
[0.036157622933387756]
[0.007544189225882292]
[0.0028628387954086065]
[0.02313850075006485]
[0.0034583413507789373]
[0.20001022517681122]
[0.0028816580306738615]
[0.0015508080832660198]
[0.02852151356637478]
[0.012568307109177113]
[0.006539760157465935]
[0.07005249708890915]
[0.0035300778690725565]
[0.0026326077058911324]
[0.0021588648669421673]
[0.0013423271011561155]
[0.0011606058105826378]
[0.012075635604560375]
[0.0007347959326580167]
[0.001875469577498734]
[0.0006544742500409484]
[0.0010270632337778807]
[0.2625052332878113]
[0.002925207605585456]
[0.007987585850059986]
[0.00497164623811841]
[0.0009580617188476026]
[0.06368876993656158]
[0.056616734713315964]
[0.002390836365520954]
[0.0007913424051366746]
[0.0078232791274786]
[0.002339567057788372]
[0.06353317201137543]
[0.14567126333713531]
[0.3814476430416107]
[0.009741215966641903]
[0.006192980334162712]
[0.0019108608830720186]
[0.0015362374251708388]
[0.19669084250926971]
[0.007707399316132069]
[0.0005455274367704988]
[0.003373204730451107]
[0.21023103594779968]
[0.003929255995899439]
[0.0009499373263679445]
[0.0012720855884253979]
[0.0010649746982380748]
[0.0019173958571627736]
[0.008367498405277729]
[0.14874574542045593]
[0.016453435644507408]
[0.0030417374800890684]
[0.003066444071009755]
[0.0013863666681572795]
[0.008518505841493607]
[0.0018293613102287054]
[0.0025227568112313747]
[0.0008326020906679332]
[0.0028936031740158796]
[0.0020628611091524363]
[0.0009716666536405683]
[0.0009634924936108291]
[0.0033896160311996937]
[0.1485307812690735]
[0.06642291694879532]
[0.0732172280550003]
[0.002424099948257208]
[0.031113436445593834]
[0.0012305323034524918]
[0.0020097391679883003]
[0.007456463761627674]
[0.000786955701187253]
[0.006781082600355148]
[0.06949086487293243]
[0.0018975186394527555]
[0.009056514129042625]
[0.001893101492896676]
[0.23774686455726624]
[0.0029904739931225777]
[0.06828182190656662]
[0.007471706252545118]
[0.018769646063447]
[0.00562631618231535]
[0.002624715678393841]
[0.009586654603481293]
[0.001864138524979353]
[0.011752098798751831]
[0.011322861537337303]
[0.0015807426534593105]
[0.0034389749635010958]
[0.0009540483588352799]
[0.018134908750653267]
[0.00890837237238884]
[0.00794945377856493]
[0.0011898301308974624]
[0.0021379629615694284]
[0.005722248461097479]
[0.00716918520629406]
[0.007136835251003504]
[0.0009293817565776408]
[0.0011238111183047295]
[0.006198220420628786]
[0.0005823765532113612]
[0.0007109745056368411]
[0.06898073852062225]
[0.06818272918462753]
[0.001977307256311178]
[0.001671915058977902]
[0.000496387539897114]
[0.0018523111939430237]
[0.1509239822626114]
[0.0006207828409969807]
[0.11807868629693985]
[0.0024682567454874516]
[0.00879755336791277]
[0.10399708151817322]
[0.2815494239330292]
[0.17659805715084076]
[0.004688651766628027]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.004308136645704508]
[0.002532472601160407]
[0.002227870747447014]
[0.04491608962416649]
[0.002670909743756056]
[0.005898607429116964]
[0.05227142944931984]
[0.0014299631584435701]
[0.006337897386401892]
[0.007844487205147743]
[0.002568390453234315]
[0.00836380198597908]
[0.007412107661366463]
[0.0063061402179300785]
[0.00854570884257555]
[0.003982654772698879]
[0.11057081818580627]
[0.002865435555577278]
[0.0008202847675420344]
[0.01764087751507759]
[0.30009686946868896]
[0.016996292397379875]
[0.003305671736598015]
[0.050633713603019714]
[0.10163640975952148]
[0.001048035454005003]
[0.0021663703955709934]
[0.00857535284012556]
[0.002557625062763691]
[0.0016986201517283916]
[0.0037296435330063105]
[0.0660136491060257]
[0.06394945830106735]
[0.002433260902762413]
[0.06595557928085327]
[0.003037363290786743]
[0.001991109922528267]
[0.04436559975147247]
[0.003565732855349779]
[0.06764619052410126]
[0.0022645434364676476]
[0.00402585556730628]
[0.0018396275117993355]
[0.0020061014220118523]
[0.00968483742326498]
[0.001240383367985487]
[0.0037246467545628548]
[0.0020669728983193636]
[0.11527217924594879]
[0.005444096401333809]
[0.0026392615400254726]
[0.17960548400878906]
[0.0027568605728447437]
[0.0007304215687327087]
[0.002393045462667942]
[0.0006822305149398744]
[0.0006391852512024343]
[0.003944843541830778]
[0.007401574868708849]
[0.06382173299789429]
[0.0016865199431777]
[0.00538884662091732]
[0.00321110337972641]
[0.11982548981904984]
[0.002764967270195484]
[0.006214378401637077]
[0.000790013000369072]
[0.0020026429556310177]
[0.0007761367596685886]
[0.0008631803211756051]
[0.0013004534412175417]
[0.0029359934851527214]
[0.0021245803218334913]
[0.0028834270779043436]
[0.0028597929049283266]
[0.22140951454639435]
[0.0025013003032654524]
[0.007015427574515343]
[0.0032286609057337046]
[0.005911505315452814]
[0.0017449716106057167]
[0.0011620994191616774]
[0.022047683596611023]
[0.12517985701560974]
[0.0019167704740539193]
[0.2355204075574875]
[0.0007699844427406788]
[0.0070753758773207664]
[0.007766323629766703]
[0.0025560185313224792]
[0.1022007018327713]
[0.0067178476601839066]
[0.022806338965892792]
[0.0038911793380975723]
[0.0016735914396122098]
[0.3448546230792999]
[0.02622109092772007]
[0.00538024865090847]
[0.00557961780577898]
[0.11188461631536484]
[0.06612169742584229]
[0.006040383595973253]
[0.006690644193440676]
[0.013495597057044506]
[0.00098045589402318]
[0.0017776743043214083]
[0.001992412842810154]
[0.0006708981818519533]
[0.14628107845783234]
[0.0007662125863134861]
[0.06857022643089294]
[0.00918088760226965]
[0.013448409736156464]
[0.002871814416721463]
[0.004301481880247593]
[0.0022925834637135267]
[0.0026175084058195353]
[0.0038986951112747192]
[0.002408465836197138]
[0.10131838917732239]
[0.0017453095642849803]
[0.0637536346912384]
[0.026167411357164383]
[0.009340856224298477]
[0.2727096676826477]
[0.005706970114260912]
[0.003030522493645549]
[0.0015990573447197676]
[0.059357862919569016]
[0.0008908993913792074]
[0.063655786216259]
[0.001567476661875844]
[0.0007996049243956804]
[0.014266730286180973]
[0.006305173505097628]
[0.0021383948624134064]
[0.0042607905343174934]
[0.0012338587548583746]
[0.22994066774845123]
[0.12257875502109528]
[0.018665969371795654]
[0.0038197815883904696]
[0.1329258680343628]
[0.06347675621509552]
[0.012587432749569416]
[0.11696022003889084]
[0.0007273847004398704]
[0.001155646052211523]
[0.11491155624389648]
[0.06337278336286545]
[0.0016762599116191268]
[0.000987373641692102]
[0.0017221891321241856]
[0.0012353097554296255]
[0.0018774359486997128]
[0.0447554737329483]
[0.0014329382684081793]
[0.003051521722227335]
[0.0029760911129415035]
[0.015406548976898193]
[0.005457757040858269]
[0.010268731974065304]
[0.0018637430621311069]
[0.0051284367218613625]
[0.007723545655608177]
[0.0011068880558013916]
[0.006474736146628857]
[0.0021676444448530674]
[0.0013219137908890843]
[0.0009348422172479331]
[0.0009068353683687747]
[0.0015013638185337186]
[0.09715094417333603]
[0.0660918653011322]
[0.002982403850182891]
[0.1293039172887802]
[0.0016639736713841558]
[0.001127714989706874]
[0.0013829077361151576]
[0.0013043353101238608]
[0.2679234743118286]
[0.20973199605941772]
[0.0049120355397462845]
[0.002726254751905799]
[0.00224053836427629]
[0.0058706700801849365]
[0.013316681608557701]
[0.13187722861766815]
[0.12967939674854279]
[0.26902878284454346]
[0.062440961599349976]
[0.00504391361027956]
[0.2211078405380249]
[0.12714560329914093]
[0.022146908566355705]
[0.25968286395072937]
[0.0025273114442825317]
[0.0034192290622740984]
[0.0013503486989066005]
[0.0019085581880062819]
[0.0025605838745832443]
[0.012220802716910839]
[0.020823804661631584]
[0.0017375164898112416]
[0.0019448783714324236]
[0.0008820936782285571]
[0.0008363717934116721]
[0.0018213061848655343]
[0.01926298812031746]
[0.005686672870069742]
[0.0022264800500124693]
[0.05644237995147705]
[0.001196594792418182]
[0.0007236748933792114]
[0.0015422904398292303]
[0.0006593152065761387]
[0.002867954783141613]
[0.0015055597759783268]
[0.01324554719030857]
[0.29464083909988403]
[0.0013374084373936057]
[0.46040791273117065]
[0.2185189425945282]
[0.0017903518164530396]
[0.0014623601455241442]
[0.11575086414813995]
[0.007297449745237827]
[0.03669612482190132]
[0.0007748538046143949]
[0.008527850732207298]
[0.0036916625685989857]
[0.0023517163936048746]
[0.006045254413038492]
[0.001625843346118927]
[0.006036870647221804]
[0.01644880138337612]
[0.031070172786712646]
[0.002260599983856082]
[0.003125955117866397]
[0.015273733995854855]
[0.008449036628007889]
[0.0034586070105433464]
[0.0006254669860936701]
[0.002918877871707082]
[0.06813814491033554]
[0.10721175372600555]
[0.013661650009453297]
[0.0018692400772124529]
[0.0009506302303634584]
[0.0023406632244586945]
[0.0027218761388212442]
[0.2361699640750885]
[0.0014864408876746893]
[0.016085881739854813]
[0.0017688703956082463]
[0.011573225259780884]
[0.0026399532798677683]
[0.06305377185344696]
[0.00993692222982645]
[0.06989949941635132]
[0.005582913756370544]
[0.0028302306309342384]
[0.06300541758537292]
[0.0006849007331766188]
[0.005798787344247103]
[0.0034801873844116926]
[0.001958003966137767]
[0.06290799379348755]
[0.002835378982126713]
[0.007513386197388172]
[0.0008159603457897902]
[0.07407266646623611]
[0.0020395410247147083]
[0.004708812106400728]
[0.001083624316379428]
[0.00681987963616848]
[0.0017821635119616985]
[0.008320128545165062]
[0.06591630727052689]
[0.0020210116636008024]
[0.007725700736045837]
[0.007143572438508272]
[0.06266746670007706]
[0.006745043210685253]
[0.006367155350744724]
[0.003867118852213025]
[0.0014038627268746495]
[0.03686925023794174]
[0.07885537296533585]
[0.001308785635046661]
[0.0040103960782289505]
[0.0028988358099013567]
[0.09206939488649368]
[0.002561661647632718]
[0.06253241747617722]
[0.0017913415795192122]
[0.027031369507312775]
[0.0025664183776825666]
[0.001335103064775467]
[0.0017042980762198567]
[2.258340358734131]
[0.00169252825435251]
[0.22965440154075623]
[0.010763266123831272]
[0.004356983583420515]
[0.0022959557827562094]
[0.0016021238407120109]
[0.3209526538848877]
[0.014492150396108627]
[0.0029194119852036238]
[0.19435575604438782]
[0.0016979542560875416]
[0.0024493897799402475]
[0.0034747638273984194]
[0.0024901344440877438]
[0.06257280707359314]
[0.0014569093473255634]
[0.03052741102874279]
[0.25808194279670715]
[0.0021045466419309378]
[0.04288436844944954]
[0.0020652213133871555]
[0.0024040616117417812]
[0.025325138121843338]
[0.0015494462568312883]
[0.19571010768413544]
[0.01645185798406601]
[0.2671610713005066]
[0.0032133429776877165]
[0.15090787410736084]
[0.06708754599094391]
[0.2479117065668106]
[0.33180320262908936]
[0.002807874698191881]
[0.0031113249715417624]
[0.005030923057347536]
[0.007810583338141441]
[0.007168561685830355]
[0.010630227625370026]
[0.0017757840687409043]
[0.2546788454055786]
[0.0007560595404356718]
[0.0022872022818773985]
[0.025182032957673073]
[0.0025668495800346136]
[0.00507681630551815]
[0.004287656396627426]
[0.003605068661272526]
[0.020482508465647697]
[0.002627565059810877]
[0.004588201176375151]
[0.20171087980270386]
[0.0036689534317702055]
[0.003020821837708354]
[0.004481498617678881]
[0.014461424201726913]
[0.0024492423981428146]
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0018928265199065208]
[0.005550750996917486]
[0.06249573826789856]
[0.0035412192810326815]
[0.009478756226599216]
[0.00663420744240284]
[0.0014583638403564692]
[0.0025003873743116856]
[0.21274083852767944]
[0.003103062277659774]
[0.002127672079950571]
[0.014026906341314316]
[0.000707505620084703]
[0.011145842261612415]
[0.002318769693374634]
[0.011521357111632824]
[0.14389248192310333]
[0.0011418508365750313]
[0.018512817099690437]
[0.0011682938784360886]
[0.0016150763258337975]
[0.3334132432937622]
[0.07805320620536804]
[0.01085459440946579]
[0.0013401403557509184]
[0.06242714449763298]
[0.0020268827211111784]
[0.008658377453684807]
[0.0008903496200218797]
[0.0018522593891248107]
[0.009986813180148602]
[0.006196873262524605]
[0.0023214449174702168]
[0.00573450094088912]
[0.0011643915204331279]
[0.015488946810364723]
[0.0018542875768616796]
[0.014895474538207054]
[0.0989045798778534]
[0.06690483540296555]
[0.001097272615879774]
[0.005896652117371559]
[0.13667750358581543]
[0.0023532663471996784]
[0.0027882016729563475]
[0.005672347731888294]
[0.028851183131337166]
[0.0016713939839974046]
[0.0018446935573592782]
[0.003936190158128738]
[0.013399848714470863]
[0.0007305734325200319]
[0.0019794113468378782]
[0.004152671433985233]
[0.0027031973004341125]
[0.015118504874408245]
[0.07012709975242615]
[0.0012343834387138486]
[0.0013900294434279203]
[0.4909976124763489]
[0.0035171189811080694]
[0.0027161817997694016]
[0.0032556133810430765]
[0.0022091511636972427]
[0.0014242507750168443]
[0.0065976702608168125]
[0.001487108413130045]
[0.031286533921957016]
[0.006472001783549786]
[0.0022686056327074766]
[0.06228392571210861]
[0.0010831707622855902]
[0.0023096157237887383]
[0.002224565716460347]
[0.005763260647654533]
[0.09863835573196411]
[0.009316337294876575]
[0.004944508895277977]
[0.01225689984858036]
[0.0015897825360298157]
[0.001091834157705307]
[0.09020107984542847]
[0.002865659072995186]
[0.00874374806880951]
[0.0014109117910265923]
[0.003685565199702978]
[0.0015108819352462888]
[0.0029404140077531338]
[0.001130412914790213]
[0.0007803706685081124]
[0.4622431993484497]
[0.0024259891360998154]
[0.051736801862716675]
[0.0017186503391712904]
[0.0015340910758823156]
[0.002845476847141981]
[0.013396765105426311]
[0.001561808749102056]
[0.010191155597567558]
[0.1231459528207779]
[0.02104584127664566]
[0.22631193697452545]
[0.0014485933352261782]
[0.13689100742340088]
[0.002128899795934558]
[0.17032653093338013]
[0.009823644533753395]
[0.0019138588104397058]
[0.0031667742878198624]
[0.003514873096719384]
[0.10407141596078873]
[0.0013967709382995963]
[0.0017882935935631394]
[0.06687361747026443]
[0.0030199310276657343]
[0.0059901755303144455]
[0.0013982212403789163]
[0.0024520806036889553]
[0.019054275006055832]
[0.0015026122564449906]
[0.1819564402103424]
[0.011479613371193409]
[0.010416470468044281]
[0.1121872141957283]
[0.013956560753285885]
[0.006900642532855272]
[0.004114069510251284]
[0.08396929502487183]
[0.005138250533491373]
[0.0007976280758157372]
[0.0028593677561730146]
[0.001580320647917688]
[0.0028543975204229355]
[0.021493954584002495]
[0.03160780295729637]
[0.08785548806190491]
[0.0008263516938313842]
[0.0012650738935917616]
[0.009202527813613415]
[0.0019845571368932724]
[0.005511806812137365]
[0.0028619742952287197]
[0.0021643033251166344]
[0.017647303640842438]
[0.001805990352295339]
[0.0029202252626419067]
[0.0021328008733689785]
[0.023144252598285675]
[0.006400382146239281]
[0.0009573537390679121]
[0.002986359875649214]
[0.00787018146365881]
[0.007961845025420189]
[0.10052490234375]
[0.004754417110234499]
[0.0021939759608358145]
[0.0006794956279918551]
[0.01453937217593193]
[0.019041026011109352]
[0.13734345138072968]
[0.0013258355902507901]
[0.007356662303209305]
[0.0013650822220370173]
[0.0053218333050608635]
[0.0022804702166467905]
[0.006070590578019619]
[0.0013894394505769014]
[0.010553869418799877]
[0.06669703871011734]
[0.0011939920950680971]
[0.18415775895118713]
[0.0046973149292171]
[0.10529883205890656]
[0.0015211321879178286]
[0.062223099172115326]
[0.002917967038229108]
[0.004045413341373205]
[0.0007008453249000013]
[0.13340413570404053]
[0.0018000751733779907]
[0.0016825549537315965]
[0.08427932858467102]
[0.0005124747985973954]
[0.0006845552707090974]
[0.08015376329421997]
[0.10397940874099731]
[0.11170816421508789]
[0.004888119176030159]
[0.0026343243662267923]
[0.025084683671593666]
[0.0066117094829678535]
[0.0008464902057312429]
[0.0014430368319153786]
[0.022331299260258675]
[0.0007193338824436069]
[0.0703389123082161]
[0.005513998679816723]
[0.015147843398153782]
[0.0015871290815994143]
[0.001281094504520297]
[0.10757701098918915]
[0.001423315261490643]
[0.0022239764221012592]
[0.0665094256401062]
[0.01969386264681816]
[0.002727675251662731]
[0.00150808016769588]
[0.012224068865180016]
[0.002856050617992878]
[0.016316764056682587]
[0.0031224789563566446]
[0.0986504927277565]
[0.0024076146073639393]
[0.000566008617170155]
[0.0007190563483163714]
[0.0009635514579713345]
[0.000784209172707051]
[0.002835881896317005]
[0.0007958044880069792]
[0.0009008862543851137]
[0.0007065589888952672]
[0.0015392829664051533]
[0.0012521720491349697]
[0.0010366487549617887]
[0.06209702417254448]
[0.15467104315757751]
[0.01412952784448862]
[0.0024303316604346037]
[0.04941603168845177]
[0.01669602282345295]
[0.16875724494457245]
[0.0029281743336468935]
[0.11627919971942902]
[0.0007245806627906859]
[0.0022902307100594044]
[0.0016203633276745677]
[0.006749812513589859]
[0.07967367023229599]
[0.13512934744358063]
[0.018979668617248535]
[0.13160455226898193]
[0.16207213699817657]
[0.08942141383886337]
[0.002442519646137953]
[0.27774477005004883]
[0.013906688429415226]
[0.4211277663707733]
[0.013208986259996891]
[0.013166192919015884]
[0.001701359055005014]
[0.004694070667028427]
[0.000830623903311789]
[0.0018125626957044005]
[0.0018928366480395198]
[0.01926300674676895]
[0.06993931531906128]
[0.0034808656200766563]
[0.009011358954012394]
[0.008623900823295116]
[0.0011166422627866268]
[0.005883587058633566]
[0.06977332383394241]
[0.013892128132283688]
[0.002805275609716773]
[0.004428893327713013]
[0.00858820229768753]
[0.004914438351988792]
[0.003046950325369835]
[0.11278567463159561]
[0.0015853876248002052]
[0.0008983458392322063]
[0.04390785098075867]
[0.0018205206142738461]
[0.0017376691102981567]
[0.0018696405459195375]
[0.0014635783154517412]
[0.013616897165775299]
[0.003611902007833123]
[0.0042413827031850815]
[0.0008327492978423834]
[0.0035230324137955904]
[0.0024475441314280033]
[0.005386033561080694]
[0.0032370546832680702]
[0.06206488236784935]
[0.0025139758363366127]
[0.003254067851230502]
[0.013612751848995686]
[0.185000941157341]
[0.061992861330509186]
[0.001843425678089261]
[0.006083188112825155]
[0.007092803250998259]
[0.002466031815856695]
[0.00172930967528373]
[0.017961112782359123]
[0.010464200749993324]
[0.003000075463205576]
[0.020348606631159782]
[0.34163105487823486]
[0.0037287429440766573]
[0.024829797446727753]
[0.08411914855241776]
[0.0008673940319567919]
[0.004831340629607439]
[0.02010713331401348]
[0.0008138971752487123]
[0.0029435185715556145]
[0.02194765768945217]
[0.0009941024472936988]
[0.00500508863478899]
[0.003262654645368457]
[0.08463632315397263]
[0.06839261204004288]
[0.010832449421286583]
[0.0025969618000090122]
[0.0756848156452179]
[0.009273315779864788]
[0.0057520330883562565]
[0.0007740267319604754]
[0.1226898729801178]
[0.0035014033783227205]
[0.0043654777109622955]
[0.06635712087154388]
[0.2425798624753952]
[0.008152283728122711]
[0.00172996218316257]
[0.0031577995978295803]
[0.12908883392810822]
[0.002105291234329343]
[0.06183547526597977]
[0.002625370630994439]
[0.0023507617879658937]
[0.005762123037129641]
[0.001342523843050003]
[0.0079764099791646]
[0.008251694962382317]
[0.007775572128593922]
[0.002099873498082161]
[0.007250363938510418]
[0.003481457009911537]
[0.001780749298632145]
[0.0016041523776948452]
[0.0013216654770076275]
[0.0016670393524691463]
[0.022626133635640144]
[0.002363564446568489]
[0.000677378848195076]
[0.00941584724932909]
[0.0022519296035170555]
[0.01763414591550827]
[0.0010490234708413482]
[0.0014598460402339697]
[0.002309344010427594]
[0.13096235692501068]
[0.06169407442212105]
[0.0006301227840594947]
[0.061654459685087204]
[0.09656450897455215]
[0.005380893126130104]
[0.002222490729764104]
[0.003362272633239627]
[0.0025633256882429123]
[0.002054542303085327]
[0.006260226480662823]
[0.06146565079689026]
[0.0016564023680984974]
[0.0029806578531861305]
[0.10648445039987564]
[0.03199411556124687]
[0.11372198164463043]
[0.06929101794958115]
[0.003131183097139001]
[0.002081633312627673]
[0.011183329857885838]
[0.003189770272001624]
[0.0014060335233807564]
[0.0017022500978782773]
[0.005385286174714565]
[0.0017098081298172474]
[0.0052742911502718925]
[0.002701863879337907]
[0.0007013180875219405]
[2.868699550628662]
[0.06982502341270447]
[0.007954328320920467]
[0.0019424944184720516]
[0.21296043694019318]
[0.001862346543930471]
[0.0034631993621587753]
[0.009008587338030338]
[0.002739613875746727]
[0.05062057077884674]
[0.0015682678204029799]
[0.002504859585314989]
[0.15835635364055634]
[0.06928034871816635]
[0.12292491644620895]
[0.05854467302560806]
[0.014786306768655777]
[0.17259591817855835]
[0.024985818192362785]
[0.015500396490097046]
[0.0018212721915915608]
[0.0015334985218942165]
[0.0028015736024826765]
[0.011497034691274166]
[0.002634188858792186]
[0.0024902429431676865]
[0.0016037641325965524]
[0.0019403403857722878]
[0.01769774965941906]
[0.0016268944600597024]
[0.02949584275484085]
[0.004608464892953634]
[0.04521741345524788]
[0.002199640031903982]
[0.0070531959645450115]
[0.10349021106958389]
[0.07534075528383255]
[0.011547088623046875]
[0.0012461855076253414]
[0.002896490041166544]
[0.003088441677391529]
[0.0023619907442480326]
[0.019625550135970116]
[0.608971357345581]
[0.0032718502916395664]
[0.010245852172374725]
[0.06985864043235779]
[0.0028195776976644993]
[0.263423353433609]
[0.0019893436692655087]
[0.008803639560937881]
[0.011847492307424545]
