deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[2085.1591796875]
[905.5283813476562]
[979.494140625]
[96.5123062133789]
[880.0077514648438]
[166.8397216796875]
[865.186279296875]
[856.1377563476562]
[4081.0458984375]
[927.0424194335938]
[835.5867919921875]
[91.68075561523438]
[820.1242065429688]
[810.340576171875]
[808.009521484375]
[800.986572265625]
[88.38291931152344]
[87.52086639404297]
[777.2816162109375]
[775.6738891601562]
[89.24182891845703]
[86.35609436035156]
[763.6958618164062]
[749.18310546875]
[747.826416015625]
[633.525146484375]
[736.361328125]
[728.7833862304688]
[724.5886840820312]
[719.18212890625]
[87.10176086425781]
[83.42752838134766]
[287.9495544433594]
[696.8915405273438]
[691.8294677734375]
[682.7991333007812]
[677.5059204101562]
[680.1900634765625]
[673.083740234375]
[85.64741516113281]
[659.741943359375]
[650.9645385742188]
[645.7513427734375]
[233.23851013183594]
[639.5968017578125]
[531.6558227539062]
[629.2975463867188]
[416.81427001953125]
[616.3129272460938]
[80.70757293701172]
[604.889404296875]
[606.3045043945312]
[585.837646484375]
[597.0880126953125]
[582.0880126953125]
[163.10556030273438]
[586.756103515625]
[439.2143859863281]
[81.7383804321289]
[554.5587768554688]
[178.0308074951172]
[562.7333374023438]
[555.2171630859375]
[554.3027954101562]
[77.16683959960938]
[78.36946105957031]
[542.950927734375]
[339.0435485839844]
[1044.008056640625]
[529.0836181640625]
[521.391357421875]
[75.73006439208984]
[106.35452270507812]
[296.0561828613281]
[75.2337875366211]
[85.16234588623047]
[508.42999267578125]
[505.6168212890625]
[195.9457550048828]
[194.5967559814453]
[74.46426391601562]
[493.65460205078125]
[246.22608947753906]
[1061.48095703125]
[30.274431228637695]
[231.4208984375]
[480.53546142578125]
[616.9494018554688]
[472.17913818359375]
[46.62547302246094]
[461.3090515136719]
[74.66201782226562]
[463.5479736328125]
[460.2120361328125]
[94.56097412109375]
[451.859375]
[451.3887023925781]
[448.2809753417969]
[193.08804321289062]
[442.091064453125]
[159.65037536621094]
[552.5233764648438]
[67.26569366455078]
[67.5933837890625]
[1185.607421875]
[403.6749572753906]
[537.0828857421875]
[67.38655853271484]
[394.8812255859375]
[65.55966186523438]
[42.94810485839844]
[387.0249328613281]
[65.02728271484375]
[380.13702392578125]
[377.7563171386719]
[64.23666381835938]
[375.06585693359375]
[372.95343017578125]
[23.934785842895508]
[695.8097534179688]
[63.0860481262207]
[361.8531494140625]
[360.23907470703125]
[62.81911087036133]
[357.5545654296875]
[62.4664306640625]
[350.5146789550781]
[348.1318054199219]
[345.6396484375]
[171.31056213378906]
[329.6170654296875]
[81.48861694335938]
[81.65716552734375]
[332.0824279785156]
[257.4306945800781]
[109.40447998046875]
[328.0174560546875]
[326.310791015625]
[122.55375671386719]
[124.90287780761719]
[320.1810302734375]
[318.1910400390625]
[316.0654602050781]
[313.8198547363281]
[315.1053466796875]
[311.0420837402344]
[304.8150634765625]
[305.8945617675781]
[295.135498046875]
[58.943721771240234]
[294.4750061035156]
[293.58331298828125]
[291.00323486328125]
[286.65045166015625]
[286.1694641113281]
[255.55029296875]
[279.01873779296875]
[273.2336730957031]
[57.50483322143555]
[31.640077590942383]
[230.89822387695312]
[269.2565612792969]
[266.9049987792969]
[126.32028198242188]
[262.71405029296875]
[64.63378143310547]
[56.902618408203125]
[257.0015563964844]
[180.70111083984375]
[554.5671997070312]
[96.39292907714844]
[56.560794830322266]
[247.9499969482422]
[206.74925231933594]
[55.99296951293945]
[242.87681579589844]
[225.46363830566406]
[179.84259033203125]
[270.15838623046875]
[235.3455810546875]
[234.65855407714844]
[233.0936737060547]
[236.8661346435547]
[65.4054946899414]
[228.89646911621094]
[363.26953125]
[2408.7509765625]
[53.53550338745117]
[52.5343017578125]
[216.97462463378906]
[51.25812911987305]
[51.934574127197266]
[53.812469482421875]
[204.4513702392578]
[207.42831420898438]
[206.60586547851562]
[205.13999938964844]
[59.05573654174805]
[200.58663940429688]
[49.67483901977539]
[708.4190673828125]
[46.432373046875]
[236.58238220214844]
[186.5263214111328]
[352.1761474609375]
[45.031776428222656]
[176.1846160888672]
[229.0377197265625]
[173.51148986816406]
[44.57113265991211]
[169.6776123046875]
[386.65069580078125]
[282.8790283203125]
[166.05279541015625]
[164.6497039794922]
[219.7399444580078]
[161.11962890625]
[63.65460968017578]
[157.04824829101562]
[211.96726989746094]
[215.97927856445312]
[265.7870788574219]
[50.77777862548828]
[92.70713806152344]
[44.102134704589844]
[166.80496215820312]
[146.8203582763672]
[145.9565887451172]
[158.5038604736328]
[143.59591674804688]
[40.429569244384766]
[141.20657348632812]
[40.80306625366211]
[140.58909606933594]
[137.85333251953125]
[136.57626342773438]
[135.28948974609375]
[140.47337341308594]
[131.8508758544922]
[131.40013122558594]
[40.22379684448242]
[129.32566833496094]
[127.56034088134766]
[202.8198699951172]
[100.92646789550781]
[195.0723114013672]
[124.00143432617188]
[121.09002685546875]
[15.724337577819824]
[118.9374771118164]
[39.35143280029297]
[117.60376739501953]
[1724.0604248046875]
[114.5707015991211]
[113.30326843261719]
[201.48956298828125]
[186.21177673339844]
[110.45845794677734]
[35.68705368041992]
[55.36589813232422]
[35.61186218261719]
[106.55488586425781]
[104.95001220703125]
[34.77591323852539]
[104.54180908203125]
[20.50613021850586]
[34.08306884765625]
[9.263827323913574]
[167.06954956054688]
[173.84503173828125]
[99.4765396118164]
[98.85428619384766]
[34.42155456542969]
[43.177268981933594]
[175.0059356689453]
[110.13584899902344]
[34.265743255615234]
[93.3676528930664]
[33.342159271240234]
[94.3653335571289]
[93.73182678222656]
[33.301761627197266]
[91.71281433105469]
[91.57555389404297]
[105.26397705078125]
[90.071533203125]
[32.414241790771484]
[84.88789367675781]
[87.61975860595703]
[276.3771057128906]
[39.702850341796875]
[84.90841674804688]
[84.60803985595703]
[83.03775024414062]
[28.575477600097656]
[34.30887222290039]
[80.09977722167969]
[119.14529418945312]
[77.8187484741211]
[76.9587173461914]
[70.87828826904297]
[154.1904754638672]
[29.335474014282227]
[67.80160522460938]
[24.532255172729492]
[65.79055786132812]
[85.4860610961914]
[171.13955688476562]
[30.118183135986328]
[63.945552825927734]
[1330.446533203125]
[150.0398406982422]
[28.80328941345215]
[60.38319396972656]
[29.248586654663086]
[30.593229293823242]
[58.31733322143555]
[57.65570831298828]
[27.454248428344727]
[28.37793731689453]
[55.74824523925781]
[55.12752914428711]
[53.548858642578125]
[53.359771728515625]
[53.03410720825195]
[52.273136138916016]
[51.486507415771484]
[202.98074340820312]
[131.98219299316406]
[49.085357666015625]
[48.76485824584961]
[26.66357421875]
[67.62010955810547]
[45.7303581237793]
[45.356903076171875]
[144.0678253173828]
[132.3729705810547]
[107.98957824707031]
[42.710205078125]
[26.270994186401367]
[26.406190872192383]
[26.084453582763672]
[26.224058151245117]
[27.060869216918945]
[39.71702575683594]
[27.669214248657227]
[116.7188491821289]
[37.310646057128906]
[50.100990295410156]
[128.24212646484375]
[26.247085571289062]
[37.0440673828125]
[10.664741516113281]
[36.335731506347656]
[25.0093936920166]
[16.767793655395508]
[25.060752868652344]
[35.03510665893555]
[94.90080261230469]
[129.41062927246094]
[71.9218978881836]
[91.80838012695312]
[34.210269927978516]
[33.36943435668945]
[23.933486938476562]
[87.62720489501953]
[32.7061882019043]
[39.065616607666016]
[130.10186767578125]
[32.230133056640625]
[30.6136417388916]
[24.237621307373047]
[31.452608108520508]
[24.225191116333008]
[30.712305068969727]
[30.398597717285156]
[50.23019027709961]
[23.316329956054688]
[29.316856384277344]
[28.934009552001953]
[28.662487030029297]
[28.075855255126953]
[28.010587692260742]
[27.518953323364258]
[24.1905517578125]
[125.42333984375]
[26.393075942993164]
[273.6924133300781]
[23.200082778930664]
[24.69162368774414]
[42.06475067138672]
[61.61113739013672]
[23.109882354736328]
[23.145061492919922]
[6.2312726974487305]
[22.444292068481445]
[22.10466957092285]
[44.17257308959961]
[78.48599243164062]
[24.300458908081055]
[118.02291107177734]
[87.71056365966797]
[87.0306167602539]
[17.887624740600586]
[13.945683479309082]
[22.507583618164062]
[17.13055992126465]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[16.71102523803711]
[16.33344078063965]
[16.05470848083496]
[15.765908241271973]
[22.508838653564453]
[76.48534393310547]
[62.768463134765625]
[108.32986450195312]
[14.967781066894531]
[20.32231903076172]
[33.0890998840332]
[20.41713523864746]
[14.129210472106934]
[13.981740951538086]
[13.669397354125977]
[962.682861328125]
[13.40989875793457]
[13.28173828125]
[98.28019714355469]
[136.2144317626953]
[12.564077377319336]
[12.201279640197754]
[11.988600730895996]
[11.942968368530273]
[11.722551345825195]
[11.495553016662598]
[163.96412658691406]
[100.08777618408203]
[40.47311019897461]
[97.94447326660156]
[10.57284927368164]
[39.13751220703125]
[10.269561767578125]
[20.57171630859375]
[9.744949340820312]
[9.757211685180664]
[97.52423858642578]
[9.45488166809082]
[9.306321144104004]
[9.088020324707031]
[98.7793197631836]
[8.836579322814941]
[20.219383239746094]
[8.545812606811523]
[86.65460968017578]
[10.81471061706543]
[17.774436950683594]
[8.054841995239258]
[7.866802215576172]
[9.086382865905762]
[5.598975658416748]
[17.535846710205078]
[132.5780792236328]
[72.1030044555664]
[17.674156188964844]
[88.27330780029297]
[58.68223190307617]
[90.67877197265625]
[16.780437469482422]
[142.6984405517578]
[7.107937812805176]
[7.1276350021362305]
[7.057362079620361]
[17.523103713989258]
[16.089111328125]
[15.763071060180664]
[6.912400722503662]
[6.869007110595703]
[18.9798526763916]
[163.32481384277344]
[15.884037017822266]
[6.506540298461914]
[16.892234802246094]
[8.054571151733398]
[18.07524871826172]
[25.265518188476562]
[6.528481483459473]
[90.46070098876953]
[92.96620178222656]
[6.173348426818848]
[38.48029327392578]
[6.233407020568848]
[5.854995250701904]
[30.8381404876709]
[15.898197174072266]
[54.10554122924805]
[38.4259147644043]
[67.8468246459961]
[5.545948505401611]
[30.478260040283203]
[147.1879119873047]
[77.71136474609375]
[114.38710021972656]
[72.64911651611328]
[4870.22705078125]
[5.013972282409668]
[74.0919418334961]
[5.493772029876709]
[25.014646530151367]
[6.592792510986328]
[6.666703701019287]
[13.448339462280273]
[13.033486366271973]
[102.02294921875]
[8.283187866210938]
[8.913451194763184]
[54.020790100097656]
[35.87076950073242]
[1725.756591796875]
[9.972480773925781]
[725.7223510742188]
[11.748592376708984]
[9.738224029541016]
[2878.085205078125]
[217.77529907226562]
[14.989532470703125]
[16.82575798034668]
[17.194015502929688]
[18.16405487060547]
[19.838184356689453]
[20.61233901977539]
[10.677376747131348]
[522.7166137695312]
[90.22248840332031]
[215.46986389160156]
[20.073429107666016]
[11.559832572937012]
[23.145421981811523]
[166.56613159179688]
[24.435304641723633]
[3267.812255859375]
[118.61282348632812]
[29.626211166381836]
[26.245220184326172]
[48.58881759643555]
[8.48195743560791]
[671.736328125]
[26.8800048828125]
[28.124845504760742]
[28.337263107299805]
[8.981183052062988]
[71.16072082519531]
[27.68259048461914]
[45.87578201293945]
[43.67372131347656]
[71.25639343261719]
[28.306852340698242]
[56.34210968017578]
[6.691645622253418]
[45.7393684387207]
[26.612159729003906]
[26.108922958374023]
[68.86199951171875]
[26.746915817260742]
[39.821109771728516]
[1729.053466796875]
[2065.16015625]
[26.792722702026367]
[28.277057647705078]
[419.26312255859375]
[68.18508911132812]
[30.233375549316406]
[58.56611251831055]
[30.57050132751465]
[31.847862243652344]
[38.54877853393555]
[140.61439514160156]
[7.877118110656738]
[32.40696716308594]
[103.38265991210938]
[43.82461929321289]
[4.71971321105957]
[13.051163673400879]
[34.058380126953125]
[34.08894348144531]
[34.03609085083008]
[131.32061767578125]
[42.9866943359375]
[29.733417510986328]
[23.999452590942383]
[25.973159790039062]
[287.806396484375]
[6.086727142333984]
[31.311141967773438]
[30.575428009033203]
[60.318115234375]
[38.639549255371094]
[3.7491331100463867]
[15.374490737915039]
[29.72518539428711]
[13.583662033081055]
[398.5788269042969]
[28.41291046142578]
[28.600122451782227]
[21.73876953125]
[35.51164627075195]
[139.37136840820312]
[23.84857940673828]
[28.245004653930664]
[27.45882797241211]
[43.309913635253906]
[67.52801513671875]
[21.964553833007812]
[27.459575653076172]
[256.6547546386719]
[38.265872955322266]
[27.193326950073242]
[15.949602127075195]
[9.103440284729004]
[688.4969482421875]
[27.495323181152344]
[37.13032913208008]
[28.032777786254883]
[14.889307022094727]
[28.351282119750977]
[63.37696838378906]
[38.49065399169922]
[289.39581298828125]
[28.065876007080078]
[6.665252208709717]
[18.13460350036621]
[29.860008239746094]
[37.598846435546875]
[29.232311248779297]
[30.25066566467285]
[99.63442993164062]
[30.240873336791992]
[6.395479202270508]
[27.9205322265625]
[6.411206245422363]
[118.18020629882812]
[29.904150009155273]
[43.500083923339844]
[29.022506713867188]
[6.0582098960876465]
[29.132238388061523]
[28.722126007080078]
[29.24661636352539]
[45.612831115722656]
[5.709063529968262]
[25.30467987060547]
[5.9753851890563965]
[198.2245330810547]
[1764.962646484375]
[28.2044677734375]
[19.3822021484375]
[102.09940338134766]
[27.748491287231445]
[3.6119296550750732]
[5.7918381690979]
[26.615781784057617]
[33.485816955566406]
[27.06982421875]
[623.257080078125]
[270.5112609863281]
[26.926000595092773]
[26.292251586914062]
[26.546527862548828]
[214.0751190185547]
[5.738816738128662]
[33.74031066894531]
[25.19855308532715]
[18.155359268188477]
[76.29193115234375]
[26.593408584594727]
[25.81204605102539]
[54.01304626464844]
[25.507333755493164]
[26.200841903686523]
[25.74925994873047]
[1490.2445068359375]
[4.540314197540283]
[5.211029529571533]
[25.58306312561035]
[25.82455062866211]
[5.639774322509766]
[24.978914260864258]
[27.326539993286133]
[24.699077606201172]
[24.819578170776367]
[24.666948318481445]
[48.44253921508789]
[24.928333282470703]
[18.51901626586914]
[189.11215209960938]
[2.994858503341675]
[6.705766677856445]
[33.48307800292969]
[61.91594696044922]
[23.34598159790039]
[23.14208984375]
[22.923690795898438]
[22.692697525024414]
[27.484819412231445]
[5.288464546203613]
[46.293827056884766]
[86.77489471435547]
[20.52420425415039]
[39.6112174987793]
[65.06599426269531]
[1539.01171875]
[77.16828918457031]
[16.547754287719727]
[42.577880859375]
[266.3641662597656]
[19.469642639160156]
[13.412677764892578]
[5.852426528930664]
[20.187358856201172]
[20.238771438598633]
[3810.006591796875]
[10.754101753234863]
[215.85830688476562]
[21.813331604003906]
[21.17888641357422]
[3.791670322418213]
[22.104089736938477]
[22.307571411132812]
[36.2005729675293]
[22.617237091064453]
[22.724018096923828]
[616.8067626953125]
[4.3417887687683105]
[24.0585880279541]
[3.8369176387786865]
[24.257936477661133]
[62.92168426513672]
[182.40847778320312]
[18.493724822998047]
[22.898754119873047]
[23.440261840820312]
[24.12700843811035]
[22.848766326904297]
[22.82577896118164]
[2.463693380355835]
[22.29370880126953]
[133.0139617919922]
[2.0725018978118896]
[70.93840026855469]
[22.63886260986328]
[30.427478790283203]
[24.933130264282227]
[22.120893478393555]
[27.999662399291992]
[21.923171997070312]
[22.321971893310547]
[199.21653747558594]
[22.172273635864258]
[243.31683349609375]
[21.585067749023438]
[202.92230224609375]
[11.626076698303223]
[38.346954345703125]
[21.11751937866211]
[20.962501525878906]
[20.82842254638672]
[28.96038246154785]
[9.123565673828125]
[91.4221420288086]
[14.489548683166504]
[21.352676391601562]
[22.632606506347656]
[9.044476509094238]
[20.64373016357422]
[20.689756393432617]
[4.284815788269043]
[20.499204635620117]
[25.515993118286133]
[1500.203125]
[19.73294448852539]
[4.838205337524414]
[6.967288017272949]
[155.38816833496094]
[26.079694747924805]
[19.839271545410156]
[2.537719488143921]
[48.20368957519531]
[3.082871437072754]
[3.655712842941284]
[6.644218921661377]
[19.44701385498047]
[19.17510414123535]
[21.226919174194336]
[17.64410972595215]
[61.496788024902344]
[19.09146499633789]
[19.00774383544922]
[165.8138427734375]
[18.311752319335938]
[18.187259674072266]
[5.015190601348877]
[20.520856857299805]
[32.36154556274414]
[123.37124633789062]
[52.88185501098633]
[40.3022346496582]
[16.70024871826172]
[17.255231857299805]
[16.535232543945312]
[64.5297622680664]
[16.730655670166016]
[1336.1619873046875]
[16.558456420898438]
[3.595611810684204]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[176.77960205078125]
[20.839033126831055]
[4.915701866149902]
[16.20812225341797]
[15.757957458496094]
[15.668342590332031]
[3.6356847286224365]
[1291.2437744140625]
[11.390162467956543]
[17.560823440551758]
[15.871631622314453]
[18.907629013061523]
[53.083473205566406]
[2.057657480239868]
[15.829084396362305]
[15.802445411682129]
[48.6501350402832]
[15.541420936584473]
[22.65715980529785]
[15.578137397766113]
[17.80939292907715]
[35.137657165527344]
[360.5225830078125]
[30.59259033203125]
[15.371186256408691]
[3.580183506011963]
[6.594888687133789]
[4.576833248138428]
[15.411770820617676]
[15.074697494506836]
[21.941862106323242]
[4.7525248527526855]
[23.475393295288086]
[4.280666828155518]
[15.255136489868164]
[21.772489547729492]
[27.174915313720703]
[4.437805652618408]
[13.84216022491455]
[36.295616149902344]
[14.963981628417969]
[49.36223220825195]
[101.4172592163086]
[14.551138877868652]
[7.291133880615234]
[14.50741195678711]
[20.85491371154785]
[40.769554138183594]
[14.646697998046875]
[14.492026329040527]
[4.57171106338501]
[10.986519813537598]
[25.600627899169922]
[14.141340255737305]
[14.037802696228027]
[14.203112602233887]
[186.01156616210938]
[4.028544902801514]
[21.469213485717773]
[19.597389221191406]
[13.841386795043945]
[13.362818717956543]
[13.709468841552734]
[32.06303787231445]
[19.831445693969727]
[13.50284194946289]
[3.532139778137207]
[109.49797058105469]
[11.09389877319336]
[169.22804260253906]
[14.987483024597168]
[193.57212829589844]
[39.292625427246094]
[1279.4044189453125]
[12.797940254211426]
[12.76235580444336]
[4.157479286193848]
[12.712798118591309]
[12.691069602966309]
[4.414755344390869]
[55.7485237121582]
[12.346152305603027]
[12.836828231811523]
[26.424543380737305]
[26.61406707763672]
[11.244672775268555]
[12.285255432128906]
[39.867488861083984]
[12.790356636047363]
[15.201071739196777]
[3.5377891063690186]
[25.307798385620117]
[21.735063552856445]
[4.311511993408203]
[48.75092315673828]
[18.34735107421875]
[11.845768928527832]
[148.48526000976562]
[4.302872657775879]
[2.734074115753174]
[38.25191116333008]
[17.109512329101562]
[644.8101806640625]
[20.230506896972656]
[25.306236267089844]
[2659.162109375]
[1.6962109804153442]
[3.06400990486145]
[42.87689971923828]
[12.342391014099121]
[1.8938956260681152]
[12.57733154296875]
[3.4249727725982666]
[12.506853103637695]
[181.9222412109375]
[12.665641784667969]
[17.64704704284668]
[13.021722793579102]
[1162.2593994140625]
[13.074377059936523]
[166.35768127441406]
[12.029637336730957]
[20.272659301757812]
[12.990625381469727]
[980.584716796875]
[16.17351722717285]
[13.082052230834961]
[13.098052978515625]
[441.0323181152344]
[15.112979888916016]
[13.0879545211792]
[26.274158477783203]
[22.5067081451416]
[14.997836112976074]
[113.8595962524414]
[9.667282104492188]
[2.0695061683654785]
[3.6431210041046143]
[12.985112190246582]
[34.19017028808594]
[12.785744667053223]
[19.323911666870117]
[17.986074447631836]
[24.05764389038086]
[4.061663627624512]
[229.1203155517578]
[973.4042358398438]
[9.477378845214844]
[26.813310623168945]
[2.497187852859497]
[13.308741569519043]
[13.155322074890137]
[193.90184020996094]
[39.91022872924805]
[176.9228057861328]
[13.175202369689941]
[2.9125380516052246]
[10.46595573425293]
[19.097736358642578]
[260.7701416015625]
[12.883389472961426]
[3.777646541595459]
[12.902066230773926]
[13.2164945602417]
[13.384011268615723]
[13.149072647094727]
[6.148189067840576]
[20.914175033569336]
[12.709148406982422]
[13.090628623962402]
[12.521245002746582]
[39.30802917480469]
[18.426759719848633]
[33.76432800292969]
[12.50691032409668]
[16.283231735229492]
[12.351999282836914]
[12.266114234924316]
[3.4955573081970215]
[11.808309555053711]
[11.986932754516602]
[10.498141288757324]
[11.673422813415527]
[28.659503936767578]
[11.737754821777344]
[11.634727478027344]
[28.2706356048584]
[11.271717071533203]
[20.170019149780273]
[10.639997482299805]
[11.99228286743164]
[29.112014770507812]
[14.883613586425781]
[10.463787078857422]
[13.54200553894043]
[30.927043914794922]
[29.918107986450195]
[5.7143073081970215]
[9.792929649353027]
[9.92975902557373]
[5.899281024932861]
[9.61303997039795]
[15.165597915649414]
[5844.14306640625]
[9.538907051086426]
[1.6541016101837158]
[9.391910552978516]
[2.0885376930236816]
[8.49445915222168]
[9.815532684326172]
[10.019513130187988]
[322.4281311035156]
[22.479333877563477]
[10.540387153625488]
[12.626265525817871]
[2335.95654296875]
[96.13729858398438]
[10.69949722290039]
[10.779245376586914]
[18.587200164794922]
[2.9631073474884033]
[10.961492538452148]
[22.59204864501953]
[11.053871154785156]
[11.084827423095703]
[14.718287467956543]
[2.1061642169952393]
[11.202349662780762]
[11.033825874328613]
[11.11258316040039]
[12.234099388122559]
[11.131945610046387]
[32.101417541503906]
[15.078983306884766]
[14.675786018371582]
[10.675777435302734]
[22.030344009399414]
[6.77508544921875]
[2.6767303943634033]
[10.782129287719727]
[10.826071739196777]
[10.783721923828125]
[27.74634552001953]
[14.876911163330078]
[15.123071670532227]
[10.599605560302734]
[2.287310838699341]
[102.935302734375]
[27.797588348388672]
[10.423912048339844]
[10.373625755310059]
[10.544698715209961]
[415.297607421875]
[187.2774658203125]
[9.959805488586426]
[9.910273551940918]
[9.731234550476074]
[140.25424194335938]
[9.581307411193848]
[2.210106372833252]
[9.438838958740234]
[2.7788002490997314]
[13.889676094055176]
[17.941892623901367]
[9.207076072692871]
[157.6165771484375]
[31.091630935668945]
[3.92807674407959]
[2.612658739089966]
[11.05603313446045]
[2.1935596466064453]
[19.62858009338379]
[2.2552804946899414]
[13.252074241638184]
[37.846717834472656]
[1.7604211568832397]
[9.187004089355469]
[17.409740447998047]
[10.319519996643066]
[2.7797329425811768]
[1254.626953125]
[9.944433212280273]
[9.260066986083984]
[2.948420763015747]
[9.123309135437012]
[80.80286407470703]
[26.36699867248535]
[9.124418258666992]
[26.761768341064453]
[12.613807678222656]
[8.846024513244629]
[1.8889602422714233]
[8.771408081054688]
[2.087745189666748]
[16.259727478027344]
[23.939777374267578]
[2514.02099609375]
[27.695096969604492]
[8.634580612182617]
[8.631897926330566]
[8.675376892089844]
[8.735538482666016]
[38.313594818115234]
[1.5909092426300049]
[8.90072250366211]
[8.989448547363281]
[4.608514308929443]
[9.014256477355957]
[9.093605041503906]
[8.520023345947266]
[1.7125476598739624]
[1.5892945528030396]
[13.318830490112305]
[1438.7193603515625]
[6.9414801597595215]
[10.670982360839844]
[2.149951696395874]
[8.578076362609863]
[18.81086540222168]
[8.389311790466309]
[8.30072021484375]
[299.2832946777344]
[8.046138763427734]
[1.4703799486160278]
[7.9590959548950195]
[31.338481903076172]
[69.09457397460938]
[2.188617467880249]
[7.768121719360352]
[164.47012329101562]
[1.9401769638061523]
[33.746795654296875]
[7.786922454833984]
[1.7211440801620483]
[98.05790710449219]
[7.575736045837402]
[18.469154357910156]
[7.7691168785095215]
[7.630369663238525]
[8.077071189880371]
[10.807709693908691]
[7.509273529052734]
[7.428822040557861]
[7.5335588455200195]
[7.493735313415527]
[7.309129238128662]
[20.95999526977539]
[7.209005355834961]
[25.512794494628906]
[27.051408767700195]
[16.5301570892334]
[1.844275951385498]
[44.4727668762207]
[16.390134811401367]
[212.39962768554688]
[4.709527969360352]
[34.14729690551758]
[2.070544481277466]
[11.981436729431152]
[13.986907958984375]
[7.006626129150391]
[10.804418563842773]
[448.4129638671875]
[22.078369140625]
[7.047181606292725]
[10.159923553466797]
[7.100935459136963]
[4330.18310546875]
[7.067852973937988]
[2.2623186111450195]
[174.1597442626953]
[22.037294387817383]
[7.2607245445251465]
[7.385095119476318]
[4.447328567504883]
[7.424325466156006]
[7.419788360595703]
[7.523058891296387]
[7.544070243835449]
[470.05999755859375]
[2147.3837890625]
[30.309804916381836]
[1.9028400182724]
[7.452359676361084]
[69.17693328857422]
[7.414950370788574]
[7.345226287841797]
[217.9937744140625]
[9.554585456848145]
[13.872044563293457]
[162.06666564941406]
[14.120183944702148]
[7.174084663391113]
[11.283636093139648]
[1.8977501392364502]
[7.197381019592285]
[4.3894758224487305]
[1150.432861328125]
[7.96959114074707]
[27.560508728027344]
[7.741032600402832]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[7.238746166229248]
[26.798728942871094]
[7.271591663360596]
[6.6089253425598145]
[7.415518760681152]
[7.316473484039307]
[7.297651290893555]
[476.616455078125]
[7.261096000671387]
[7.1499505043029785]
[7.134425163269043]
[3.499444007873535]
[6.9521684646606445]
[18.982765197753906]
[34.89885330200195]
[6.130013942718506]
[1.52964448928833]
[1.2773489952087402]
[6.6612091064453125]
[6.619724273681641]
[6.572058200836182]
[25.17987823486328]
[6.515570163726807]
[6.3942461013793945]
[143.09600830078125]
[6.259458541870117]
[81.22013854980469]
[9.068099021911621]
[16.5363826751709]
[59.173587799072266]
[41.710514068603516]
[66.73975372314453]
[5.808007717132568]
[9.358734130859375]
[19.975318908691406]
[8.855243682861328]
[96.89856719970703]
[8.397395133972168]
[6.085848808288574]
[12.922479629516602]
[1.6510196924209595]
[155.2136688232422]
[193.28099060058594]
[15.103894233703613]
[5.858611583709717]
[2.234563112258911]
[5.937469482421875]
[35.31489562988281]
[25.937763214111328]
[5.994217395782471]
[2.283616065979004]
[6.095291614532471]
[6.005825042724609]
[6.0046539306640625]
[8.228506088256836]
[5.906857490539551]
[1377.7115478515625]
[1.7581243515014648]
[1921.8326416015625]
[133.77297973632812]
[11.120809555053711]
[4100.576171875]
[13.72271728515625]
[68.2183609008789]
[6.118759632110596]
[6.055362701416016]
[6.0965423583984375]
[11.361828804016113]
[3.3523693084716797]
[6.341592788696289]
[132.6182861328125]
[10.227999687194824]
[50.813663482666016]
[11.370944023132324]
[6.351430892944336]
[382.1298522949219]
[6.361698150634766]
[2.210911512374878]
[21.58121109008789]
[28.460285186767578]
[6.483511924743652]
[6.3542327880859375]
[14.187828063964844]
[932.888427734375]
[6.470406532287598]
[2382.610107421875]
[4.590019702911377]
[17.90546417236328]
[1.245691180229187]
[1.211480736732483]
[27.417879104614258]
[1.5027902126312256]
[1.475188136100769]
[24.445051193237305]
[5.318563461303711]
[44.524417877197266]
[61.56000518798828]
[15.472265243530273]
[43.36924743652344]
[14.665701866149902]
[40.59184265136719]
[277.6808166503906]
[1558.4156494140625]
[1.4585963487625122]
[6.129131317138672]
[55.92686462402344]
[6.197906017303467]
[368.31597900390625]
[25.823040008544922]
[164.14724731445312]
[6.306750297546387]
[19.48337745666504]
[142.65890502929688]
[1.545668125152588]
[6.320528507232666]
[1.9147950410842896]
[1033.0107421875]
[207.3212432861328]
[8.673446655273438]
[6.311868190765381]
[98.77186584472656]
[14.784180641174316]
[1.5049444437026978]
[14.72009563446045]
[6.149972438812256]
[24.96426010131836]
[6.4605793952941895]
[14.512707710266113]
[6.481711387634277]
[9.496803283691406]
[1.9943608045578003]
[9.115068435668945]
[10.407082557678223]
[3558.686767578125]
[1522.291259765625]
[10.4015474319458]
[5.871091842651367]
[6.555781841278076]
[5.615532398223877]
[22.054058074951172]
[13.690709114074707]
[5.289473056793213]
[5.550157070159912]
[177.75550842285156]
[5.1682963371276855]
[3.7518701553344727]
[5.232470512390137]
[5.091641426086426]
[1401.190185546875]
[211.0802001953125]
[23.29340362548828]
[7.133450984954834]
[24.032634735107422]
[1.690240740776062]
[11.76323127746582]
[11.86514663696289]
[20.6351375579834]
[4.996120452880859]
[4.980870246887207]
[5.46658182144165]
[18.7884578704834]
[1.6579655408859253]
[4.831151962280273]
[29.833906173706055]
[4.784559726715088]
[1.4818514585494995]
[4.659689426422119]
[4.691531181335449]
[1.76653254032135]
[34.058494567871094]
[4.524613857269287]
[4.489515781402588]
[12.694820404052734]
[8.702800750732422]
[47.434261322021484]
[5.2365803718566895]
[4.380977630615234]
[17.102495193481445]
[7.832240581512451]
[4.314672470092773]
[4.357595920562744]
[4.263120174407959]
[4.229836463928223]
[31.260622024536133]
[1.9125418663024902]
[71.97251892089844]
[8.594416618347168]
[60.26152038574219]
[22.390520095825195]
[1.467128038406372]
[30.130264282226562]
[4.84813117980957]
[3.8926029205322266]
[1.5326905250549316]
[12.964537620544434]
[1.829630732536316]
[8.760536193847656]
[11.975955963134766]
[229.33616638183594]
[25.606184005737305]
[7.5690388679504395]
[3.7813830375671387]
[3.838326930999756]
[45.39442825317383]
[3.824836492538452]
[2.8193514347076416]
[8.159985542297363]
[3.786503553390503]
[1.8511033058166504]
[31.201671600341797]
[1.7723376750946045]
[183.9497833251953]
[13.765266418457031]
[1125.395751953125]
[29.396081924438477]
[398.2183837890625]
[40.17483139038086]
[119.79931640625]
[4.642277717590332]
[4.007356643676758]
[4.04081916809082]
[29.238935470581055]
[4.088772773742676]
[10.858591079711914]
[2.8830981254577637]
[4.136514186859131]
[1.4680678844451904]
[4.083209991455078]
[4.15185022354126]
[13.96440315246582]
[4.086681842803955]
[23.523008346557617]
[1.9930720329284668]
[4.076755046844482]
[14.526898384094238]
[12.19433879852295]
[22.857126235961914]
[1.0406712293624878]
[3.957005500793457]
[4.45809268951416]
[1.4719467163085938]
[9.94313907623291]
[3.925663709640503]
[3.9741125106811523]
[10.679981231689453]
[16.513959884643555]
[11.026612281799316]
[3.9804232120513916]
[9.702027320861816]
[3.8266327381134033]
[48.267269134521484]
[1.631112813949585]
[3.8304443359375]
[3.8764336109161377]
[3.7942824363708496]
[1.7966364622116089]
[31.3087100982666]
[1.0389350652694702]
[3.674766778945923]
[8.381721496582031]
[1.5996400117874146]
[62.68174362182617]
[72.67314147949219]
[3.6117005348205566]
[3.624500036239624]
[256.1653137207031]
[1.798538088798523]
[820.01904296875]
[4.739344120025635]
[3.5639405250549316]
[37.5224494934082]
[3.4967284202575684]
[1.7863889932632446]
[3.5461483001708984]
[18.874353408813477]
[6.527614593505859]
[2.6139769554138184]
[3.532684087753296]
[1.6133242845535278]
[3.521071434020996]
[3859.636962890625]
[1075.604736328125]
[3.3827686309814453]
[3.3859522342681885]
[3.6062121391296387]
[5.842264175415039]
[227.4153289794922]
[120.95950317382812]
[8.901251792907715]
[1.3719110488891602]
[1.513060450553894]
[12.248176574707031]
[3.581563711166382]
[890.2467041015625]
[103.25770568847656]
[3.562619924545288]
[3372.826904296875]
[3.572972297668457]
[22.205785751342773]
[24.414592742919922]
[3.5526201725006104]
[5.268697738647461]
[17.49359703063965]
[7.326406955718994]
[0.8436232209205627]
[10.489948272705078]
[338.8569030761719]
[1.529488205909729]
[33.76686096191406]
[1.7620052099227905]
[9.434004783630371]
[3.816540002822876]
[3.830282688140869]
[11.80493450164795]
[50.880558013916016]
[15.966170310974121]
[79.97744750976562]
[12.770437240600586]
[3.695882797241211]
[3.7785229682922363]
[1.5612109899520874]
[3.7386531829833984]
[3.7135040760040283]
[1.8275341987609863]
[9.334449768066406]
[4.778210163116455]
[114.7806167602539]
[5.862888336181641]
[272.3374328613281]
[3.4476842880249023]
[1.7282887697219849]
[3.5152928829193115]
[3.447993516921997]
[12.823805809020996]
[3.3704276084899902]
[8.256937026977539]
[1.566249132156372]
[3.514173984527588]
[4.594880104064941]
[29.654945373535156]
[2.2191224098205566]
[118.0362319946289]
[1.6579478979110718]
[32.672035217285156]
[1.9484519958496094]
[128.30348205566406]
[3.3697571754455566]
[1.5042208433151245]
[3104.16845703125]
[819.6180419921875]
[1.873722791671753]
[8.171252250671387]
[13.852822303771973]
[325.53436279296875]
[3.521759271621704]
[1.5914424657821655]
[4.700790882110596]
[23.65676498413086]
[19.088363647460938]
[3.890864610671997]
[25.306455612182617]
[9.100822448730469]
[31.593740463256836]
[22.358844757080078]
[8.435829162597656]
[4.804699897766113]
[1128.52978515625]
[30.610254287719727]
[3.725473403930664]
[932.729248046875]
[1.5327630043029785]
[113.90811157226562]
[3.6490039825439453]
[2091.925537109375]
[3.59059476852417]
[3.448695659637451]
[7.415483474731445]
[3.6038458347320557]
[3.48530650138855]
[3.3492422103881836]
[37.389984130859375]
[8.607682228088379]
[3.382063865661621]
[3.3565971851348877]
[3.2135443687438965]
[2.969980239868164]
[36.456546783447266]
[15.544604301452637]
[1207.36669921875]
[3.0589373111724854]
[49.52973937988281]
[3.0503129959106445]
[8.666889190673828]
[16.076946258544922]
[2.820920944213867]
[20.31302261352539]
[1.6968532800674438]
[8.690003395080566]
[2.97906494140625]
[2.977994441986084]
[14.214757919311523]
[387.013916015625]
[1.5878665447235107]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[14.168862342834473]
[11.237632751464844]
[12.72644329071045]
[8.021714210510254]
[2.345503091812134]
[0.7803229689598083]
[1071.19775390625]
[6.3135504722595215]
[1.679419755935669]
[1.4249255657196045]
[2.856490135192871]
[2.8467836380004883]
[1.6137434244155884]
[34.175628662109375]
[1.486063838005066]
[37.10094451904297]
[268.5868225097656]
[4.745275497436523]
[105.12689208984375]
[20.04829216003418]
[2.883012056350708]
[664.36865234375]
[2.87152099609375]
[2.893734931945801]
[1.7186871767044067]
[2.98199462890625]
[9.454713821411133]
[33.471832275390625]
[3.0309360027313232]
[3.043076515197754]
[21.59685707092285]
[3.05544376373291]
[8.176071166992188]
[3.091592788696289]
[3.087857961654663]
[10.177335739135742]
[16.292482376098633]
[1.817580223083496]
[75.68605041503906]
[49.617027282714844]
[1.505607008934021]
[109.40971374511719]
[10.893455505371094]
[3.004915237426758]
[8.908934593200684]
[10.500465393066406]
[3.056622266769409]
[105.99109649658203]
[12.887511253356934]
[2.9678075313568115]
[2.9664368629455566]
[7.943676948547363]
[39.96763610839844]
[3.046112060546875]
[3.034558057785034]
[1.6137678623199463]
[3.003431797027588]
[2.984133720397949]
[37.36534118652344]
[2.9480299949645996]
[3198.23681640625]
[2.8892252445220947]
[8.191324234008789]
[1.5498003959655762]
[12.743125915527344]
[1.7228684425354004]
[14.866413116455078]
[2.7613937854766846]
[2.7626781463623047]
[2.7250003814697266]
[32.84628677368164]
[2.6000325679779053]
[2.6654226779937744]
[21.668684005737305]
[2.5357353687286377]
[11.569025039672852]
[19.368114471435547]
[1.5524847507476807]
[31.011098861694336]
[6.476926326751709]
[146.5764923095703]
[16.285747528076172]
[4.097564697265625]
[381.0075378417969]
[10.188998222351074]
[2.3150594234466553]
[19.652986526489258]
[2.263843297958374]
[1.4028390645980835]
[4.7791595458984375]
[1.6258039474487305]
[1.6889441013336182]
[7.641848087310791]
[67.7654800415039]
[2.182313919067383]
[320.9248352050781]
[1117.255859375]
[3.999307632446289]
[6.302407264709473]
[124.85366821289062]
[18.865026473999023]
[13.71776008605957]
[108.47200012207031]
[2.2347164154052734]
[2.2290713787078857]
[2.3371822834014893]
[2.347731590270996]
[95.99920654296875]
[14.786600112915039]
[2.3278911113739014]
[1.5906410217285156]
[2019.810791015625]
[42.243072509765625]
[34.395721435546875]
[3.7459659576416016]
[2.542884111404419]
[2.5715062618255615]
[2.532397985458374]
[2.6117615699768066]
[33.88188552856445]
[1.4709631204605103]
[955.6129760742188]
[18.399171829223633]
[35.12739181518555]
[5.217219829559326]
[7.872598648071289]
[3.164813756942749]
[17.898414611816406]
[2915.325927734375]
[11.484793663024902]
[1307.2247314453125]
[2639.531982421875]
[9.20771312713623]
[0.7380813360214233]
[2.6114447116851807]
[2.730593681335449]
[2.361628770828247]
[2.7136189937591553]
[2.838930130004883]
[20.928213119506836]
[2.9534032344818115]
[1.5734219551086426]
[142.63922119140625]
[3.0124456882476807]
[2.931462049484253]
[28.1293888092041]
[2.8720078468322754]
[9.440662384033203]
[2.8507015705108643]
[13.59533977508545]
[661.84130859375]
[40.46599578857422]
[0.9239313006401062]
[2.8621621131896973]
[423.5047912597656]
[2.7522242069244385]
[2.26235032081604]
[11.771990776062012]
[11.615606307983398]
[8.276867866516113]
[156.26177978515625]
[4.620820999145508]
[2.4478063583374023]
[4.8405961990356445]
[7.589966297149658]
[1.4447418451309204]
[2.4198319911956787]
[1.6130013465881348]
[9.746983528137207]
[21.289640426635742]
[1762.1737060546875]
[4.019595146179199]
[2.4813570976257324]
[8.273669242858887]
[1.528714895248413]
[240.23159790039062]
[2.4961910247802734]
[1.6082655191421509]
[170.12913513183594]
[98.9641342163086]
[114.8462905883789]
[1.7872588634490967]
[13.3368558883667]
[6.283914089202881]
[8.845744132995605]
[2.5024752616882324]
[105.688232421875]
[7.715337753295898]
[94.5539779663086]
[1453.654052734375]
[6.0532546043396]
[2.5107290744781494]
[185.1006317138672]
[86.822998046875]
[2.4954957962036133]
[8.30296516418457]
[1.837827444076538]
[196.08663940429688]
[1702.3677978515625]
[1.4868206977844238]
[8.63190746307373]
[2.514645576477051]
[9.152856826782227]
[1.6885673999786377]
[9.480464935302734]
[2.599360704421997]
[58.1451530456543]
[10.153302192687988]
[1.814368724822998]
[294.91046142578125]
[76.59992980957031]
[14.411057472229004]
[12.712815284729004]
[111.5779800415039]
[1.4800585508346558]
[294.45977783203125]
[1.4641445875167847]
[2.7396814823150635]
[7.763782978057861]
[321.28009033203125]
[2.726027011871338]
[2.8417999744415283]
[2.8333370685577393]
[2.7415759563446045]
[7.117877960205078]
[1.6404139995574951]
[6.302020072937012]
[107.6401138305664]
[1.4305728673934937]
[2.707247734069824]
[1.5022677183151245]
[100.6546859741211]
[2.5543577671051025]
[60.136104583740234]
[0.6711491346359253]
[88.80210876464844]
[2.4763567447662354]
[1848.5631103515625]
[10.517167091369629]
[2.3908438682556152]
[1.4199354648590088]
[70.47620391845703]
[2.2507095336914062]
[2.2227814197540283]
[4.0650248527526855]
[3.082853317260742]
[0.7517719268798828]
[31.89177703857422]
[2.060006618499756]
[2.1142876148223877]
[928.9442138671875]
[1.5637131929397583]
[127.50175476074219]
[2.0020933151245117]
[686.5211791992188]
[1395.4954833984375]
[2.5174829959869385]
[19.675724029541016]
[1.6085143089294434]
[2.0446648597717285]
[27.951169967651367]
[22.35723114013672]
[27.915800094604492]
[23.089370727539062]
[3.8281121253967285]
[4.104745864868164]
[44.9173469543457]
[36.77497482299805]
[42.029823303222656]
[6.089083671569824]
[48.779022216796875]
[8.908147811889648]
[25.946735382080078]
[18.917709350585938]
[2.0204427242279053]
[1168.8038330078125]
[108.91658020019531]
[716.6695556640625]
[19.59848403930664]
[2.0167829990386963]
[1.636706829071045]
[2.0192337036132812]
[14.709870338439941]
[55.18757629394531]
[60.30018997192383]
[1558.6214599609375]
[1456.603271484375]
[1.7732315063476562]
[5.660571098327637]
[121.71669006347656]
[2.1528353691101074]
[4.700454235076904]
[1.6609559059143066]
[8.006763458251953]
[1.661285400390625]
[23.629493713378906]
[687.4322509765625]
[1.563410758972168]
[20.655492782592773]
[3.180521011352539]
[1.451317548751831]
[2.314901351928711]
[2.437257766723633]
[1.463024616241455]
[2.4311254024505615]
[3.578896999359131]
[2.415435552597046]
[1.632413625717163]
[2.35941481590271]
[2.3758161067962646]
[33.18696594238281]
[2.3092093467712402]
[59.970497131347656]
[252.0567626953125]
[10.895113945007324]
[85.02281951904297]
[96.31243133544922]
[7.253918647766113]
[26.075082778930664]
[2.1510496139526367]
[18.883501052856445]
[7.719379901885986]
[96.50052642822266]
[3.808429479598999]
[1132.846435546875]
[66.61652374267578]
[1.3568590879440308]
[1.9512027502059937]
[7.646915435791016]
[7.518381118774414]
[113.01220703125]
[1.8226040601730347]
[8.758108139038086]
[6.277631759643555]
[64.94192504882812]
[7.311108589172363]
[7.907840728759766]
[245.75857543945312]
[4.353924751281738]
[7.0952630043029785]
[7.882015228271484]
[2.048977851867676]
[1.3642053604125977]
[23.95876693725586]
[11.756145477294922]
[1.3452531099319458]
[48.29457092285156]
[652.2156372070312]
[1.5252177715301514]
[2.062610387802124]
[5.056562900543213]
[7.744806289672852]
[578.1217041015625]
[2.0867202281951904]
[166.13133239746094]
[31.827016830444336]
[116.07654571533203]
[0.5601555705070496]
[13.7216796875]
[9.082225799560547]
[2.197749137878418]
[222.54263305664062]
[41.692840576171875]
[34.28672790527344]
[4.429498672485352]
[22.873516082763672]
[2.2162303924560547]
[2.121580123901367]
[2.109459638595581]
[2.1238677501678467]
[27.985143661499023]
[2.0944135189056396]
[1.427249550819397]
[983.0964965820312]
[2.6145012378692627]
[59.709327697753906]
[1.9922984838485718]
[1.9442780017852783]
[1.9691493511199951]
[2.030627965927124]
[2.018364667892456]
[2.0049142837524414]
[79.63800048828125]
[50.508052825927734]
[1.9982283115386963]
[1.9991273880004883]
[96.91381072998047]
[19.420856475830078]
[1165.9156494140625]
[109.52909851074219]
[3.86887264251709]
[9.816658020019531]
[2.077353000640869]
[43.82246017456055]
[12.425537109375]
[70.75045776367188]
[1.2915067672729492]
[11.564671516418457]
[2.6896791458129883]
[65.51058959960938]
[4.559731960296631]
[7.96297550201416]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.1438028812408447]
[14.324596405029297]
[25.57207679748535]
[8.803089141845703]
[6.42977237701416]
[2.0251760482788086]
[377.5708923339844]
[26.569604873657227]
[1.3031692504882812]
[78.07086181640625]
[843.326416015625]
[45.47757339477539]
[178.50218200683594]
[1.9589899778366089]
[117.88441467285156]
[2.0030858516693115]
[6.779672145843506]
[1194.9244384765625]
[2087.14599609375]
[15.919321060180664]
[75.02432250976562]
[7.237544536590576]
[85.04283142089844]
[7.108509540557861]
[2.384619951248169]
[13.702140808105469]
[57.834102630615234]
[1800.1466064453125]
[20.569286346435547]
[1.5221147537231445]
[2.1476924419403076]
[2.283006429672241]
[2.3186306953430176]
[840.3308715820312]
[1.487614393234253]
[24.686426162719727]
[9.76821231842041]
[1.4287033081054688]
[849.1995239257812]
[20.62964630126953]
[30.437986373901367]
[70.33711242675781]
[2.364931106567383]
[11.862539291381836]
[29.489826202392578]
[1.4471549987792969]
[3.715022325515747]
[2.3675060272216797]
[14.799673080444336]
[2.354490280151367]
[1.5722455978393555]
[2.3294339179992676]
[276.25177001953125]
[2.287545680999756]
[497.3704833984375]
[2.2448372840881348]
[70.11737823486328]
[5.790015697479248]
[80.63066864013672]
[9.092628479003906]
[2.211632490158081]
[70.7390365600586]
[2.092801094055176]
[2.176449775695801]
[9.785648345947266]
[7.847404956817627]
[54.69053268432617]
[2.1215407848358154]
[2.1053473949432373]
[7.150512218475342]
[65.4913101196289]
[0.4686106741428375]
[1186.978271484375]
[1126.85302734375]
[1.5772405862808228]
[2.0111136436462402]
[2.0400774478912354]
[2.0784192085266113]
[186.48927307128906]
[1891.5958251953125]
[1.6261461973190308]
[2.0721495151519775]
[72.05565643310547]
[2.2263801097869873]
[11.653681755065918]
[1.3657095432281494]
[7.238132953643799]
[2.0995092391967773]
[21.431507110595703]
[76.75845336914062]
[2.8843979835510254]
[22.637746810913086]
[2.0952823162078857]
[2.8072385787963867]
[1.3785967826843262]
[8.059697151184082]
[10.919129371643066]
[36.259735107421875]
[6.9752068519592285]
[1.6129380464553833]
[184.4234619140625]
[1.3739075660705566]
[2.0288033485412598]
[1.4772238731384277]
[840.6890869140625]
[2.4462990760803223]
[2442.291748046875]
[1.5608885288238525]
[10.261260986328125]
[1756.7169189453125]
[83.48251342773438]
[167.4795379638672]
[21.92465591430664]
[1.5995374917984009]
[51.280879974365234]
[1.3962396383285522]
[16.375011444091797]
[2.1793928146362305]
[4.205297470092773]
[89.93502807617188]
[189.63204956054688]
[17.96625518798828]
[7.533357620239258]
[4.454570293426514]
[2.2271010875701904]
[1.6312564611434937]
[63.101287841796875]
[2.2481093406677246]
[22.067100524902344]
[95.13946533203125]
[2.2399306297302246]
[1.4839445352554321]
[761.2753295898438]
[13.449416160583496]
[22.893945693969727]
[21.779577255249023]
[2.137437105178833]
[7.504938125610352]
[6.628934383392334]
[7.996124744415283]
[2.173067092895508]
[21.659473419189453]
[2.1530656814575195]
[25.593568801879883]
[2.124236822128296]
[2.1066622734069824]
[6.552765369415283]
[2.068821668624878]
[8.477952003479004]
[6.390495777130127]
[111.02124786376953]
[2.0015456676483154]
[1.9549137353897095]
[1.9798146486282349]
[123.58956146240234]
[79.34347534179688]
[28.20037269592285]
[18.658977508544922]
[1.5327661037445068]
[1.8331528902053833]
[167.82476806640625]
[10.155313491821289]
[1.840187668800354]
[16.251543045043945]
[7.670108795166016]
[1.7837637662887573]
[1.806371808052063]
[7.5445637702941895]
[70.05864715576172]
[1.7863060235977173]
[7.95523738861084]
[1.5280879735946655]
[842.1043701171875]
[61.5713005065918]
[505.4452209472656]
[114.41242980957031]
[0.426839143037796]
[1.8426278829574585]
[144.78663635253906]
[26.630823135375977]
[1989.9801025390625]
[6.6293487548828125]
[1.8166725635528564]
[14.593868255615234]
[2.0791635513305664]
[856.5919799804688]
[97.09430694580078]
[7.260879039764404]
[21.672557830810547]
[58.33930969238281]
[2.0771379470825195]
[266.73895263671875]
[166.5224151611328]
[7.538087368011475]
[19.925926208496094]
[1.9778460264205933]
[1.8949165344238281]
[1.9984713792800903]
[2.279256582260132]
[678.7256469726562]
[3.88075590133667]
[38.659820556640625]
[45.75539016723633]
[50.04766082763672]
[39.229522705078125]
[2.040832757949829]
[2.066896677017212]
[12.258193016052246]
[14.154296875]
[1033.718017578125]
[20.69961166381836]
[67.08841705322266]
[1.416031837463379]
[2.1384074687957764]
[21.380897521972656]
[4.841116905212402]
[2.1014201641082764]
[57.78803634643555]
[53.233619689941406]
[7.0077128410339355]
[18.806011199951172]
[274.8392333984375]
[1.5542694330215454]
[7.246922492980957]
[7.083917140960693]
[2.202761173248291]
[585.7568969726562]
[1.5914846658706665]
[1.6263302564620972]
[2.210979700088501]
[4.907350540161133]
[2.1760077476501465]
[4.901198863983154]
[2.202054500579834]
[2.81207275390625]
[90.800048828125]
[128.37066650390625]
[2.180089235305786]
[4.976823329925537]
[25.818885803222656]
[20.449195861816406]
[27.82840347290039]
[8.054473876953125]
[43.782108306884766]
[2.107358455657959]
[6.525711536407471]
[1.6147758960723877]
[7.605644702911377]
[9.833118438720703]
[2.0641567707061768]
[66.63508605957031]
[0.4832759201526642]
[2.0185396671295166]
[2464.126953125]
[29.90463638305664]
[18.505447387695312]
[43.83647918701172]
[4.585052013397217]
[1.9064964056015015]
[74.14715576171875]
[26.324419021606445]
[25.830076217651367]
[16.962194442749023]
[1.4951486587524414]
[123.63529205322266]
[826.2305297851562]
[4.170618057250977]
[2.0735135078430176]
[4.041426181793213]
[2.1750807762145996]
[31.921096801757812]
[2.0625290870666504]
[544.367919921875]
[11.828851699829102]
[2.463386297225952]
[7.7753167152404785]
[6.452119827270508]
[2.110700845718384]
[25.670804977416992]
[42.41142272949219]
[426.6263427734375]
[13.524813652038574]
[38.07139587402344]
[6.7076287269592285]
[20.720016479492188]
[2.2486495971679688]
[2.2752883434295654]
[2.276303768157959]
[860.885498046875]
[71.3768539428711]
[1.4488022327423096]
[2.299978494644165]
[61.89243698120117]
[2.3116495609283447]
[4.548253059387207]
[966.035400390625]
[1.6363024711608887]
[445.5108947753906]
[57.54582214355469]
[6.252257823944092]
[2.6545979976654053]
[17.02511978149414]
[0.4060516357421875]
[6.909510612487793]
[111.46595764160156]
[3.1275136470794678]
[34.086753845214844]
[80.27001953125]
[7.623159408569336]
[16.817604064941406]
[10.010917663574219]
[8.36668586730957]
[16.660167694091797]
[1.563878059387207]
[6.263854503631592]
[73.01127624511719]
[63.017242431640625]
[7.2580695152282715]
[1977.171142578125]
[6.289734363555908]
[3.554182529449463]
[26.56716537475586]
[3.4564104080200195]
[702.6549072265625]
[3.477710485458374]
[3.369760513305664]
[8.301616668701172]
[60.250972747802734]
[3.527395725250244]
[877.5841674804688]
[16.682571411132812]
[3.258453369140625]
[40.104496002197266]
[14.364179611206055]
[1.5902471542358398]
[1.6912484169006348]
[7.2428154945373535]
[1.7022733688354492]
[12.006978988647461]
[6.944141387939453]
[3.1138195991516113]
[21.91655921936035]
[89.5050277709961]
[1.582619071006775]
[3.050097703933716]
[51.86833953857422]
[16.987091064453125]
[108.22749328613281]
[19.711772918701172]
[48.28889465332031]
[7.926252365112305]
[7.090449333190918]
[2.9517743587493896]
[1.6423707008361816]
[1.500900387763977]
[15.700702667236328]
[308.81671142578125]
[3.052182912826538]
[23.936609268188477]
[62.45221710205078]
[3.0305819511413574]
[3.0164196491241455]
[65.82492065429688]
[2569.27197265625]
[6.604364395141602]
[7.0603532791137695]
[2.9326171875]
[32.064815521240234]
[1118.3072509765625]
[12.1599760055542]
[7.007758617401123]
[2.8415157794952393]
[2.831371545791626]
[23.886201858520508]
[733.3714599609375]
[1942.779541015625]
[2.7929210662841797]
[324.2949523925781]
[27.84390640258789]
[2.787787675857544]
[83.12056732177734]
[2.700099468231201]
[257.8494873046875]
[64.34652709960938]
[54.46934509277344]
[101.57254028320312]
[748.8340454101562]
[2.9566311836242676]
[5.753871917724609]
[93.76561737060547]
[3.0192711353302]
[7.6230268478393555]
[100.07048797607422]
[3.102783203125]
[3.044325828552246]
[5.631021022796631]
[1.5445061922073364]
[3.040908098220825]
[7.565035820007324]
[2.118917942047119]
[31.49683380126953]
[4.398200511932373]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1656.47509765625]
[109.01701354980469]
[46.96418380737305]
[11.513466835021973]
[1.4203108549118042]
[52.3250732421875]
[2.6935360431671143]
[31.567607879638672]
[18.53968048095703]
[38.398338317871094]
[36.213645935058594]
[5.231299877166748]
[12.125212669372559]
[6.1379804611206055]
[2.6610426902770996]
[5.080956935882568]
[5.1089043617248535]
[1309.0355224609375]
[6.439701080322266]
[48.47951126098633]
[6.5841875076293945]
[6.876723766326904]
[0.5110463500022888]
[2.496821165084839]
[8.092635154724121]
[215.4130859375]
[74.75350189208984]
[58.541038513183594]
[15.212620735168457]
[28.3033390045166]
[964.1907958984375]
[1.6652302742004395]
[6.452624320983887]
[16.341951370239258]
[5.487568378448486]
[20.68146324157715]
[8.319934844970703]
[6.006528377532959]
[2.864931106567383]
[3.932785749435425]
[23.657670974731445]
[19.297168731689453]
[17.1690673828125]
[46.4437141418457]
[18.55455780029297]
[2.9579293727874756]
[21.594247817993164]
[46.052146911621094]
[2.9056625366210938]
[2.928882360458374]
[6.963926792144775]
[8.350785255432129]
[29.430835723876953]
[2.8038330078125]
[2.807694911956787]
[2.658740758895874]
[2.739485740661621]
[7.973398208618164]
[2.837456703186035]
[17.96904754638672]
[2.5768485069274902]
[6.653202056884766]
[2.5000181198120117]
[6.635764122009277]
[250.47940063476562]
[60.70370101928711]
[2.265455484390259]
[5.098875999450684]
[739.140380859375]
[2.159942626953125]
[16.169424057006836]
[1.5965160131454468]
[1.6648401021957397]
[2.213916778564453]
[130.99798583984375]
[21.330394744873047]
[265.4564514160156]
[8.021464347839355]
[1.578494668006897]
[141.9985809326172]
[6.0669989585876465]
[9.908035278320312]
[2.5277154445648193]
[1.579738736152649]
[8.389183044433594]
[2.5792107582092285]
[1650.8599853515625]
[5.176915168762207]
[14.566558837890625]
[6.269049644470215]
[6.33346700668335]
[2.6750032901763916]
[8.847633361816406]
[25.99231719970703]
[1.3234564065933228]
[30.47928237915039]
[4.917112827301025]
[2.6974642276763916]
[35.287254333496094]
[69.56532287597656]
[19.31987953186035]
[125.83615112304688]
[5.539507865905762]
[29.9783878326416]
[7.9963202476501465]
[2277.72900390625]
[28.539894104003906]
[2.6520192623138428]
[6.745429039001465]
[58.891963958740234]
[189.45806884765625]
[268.9749450683594]
[174.6833038330078]
[108.42898559570312]
[7.135740280151367]
[2.974236488342285]
[6.238958358764648]
[45.130001068115234]
[8.103907585144043]
[8.345885276794434]
[559.4685668945312]
[3.3080966472625732]
[33.94351577758789]
[502.2828369140625]
[14.404703140258789]
[3.1237294673919678]
[7.96406364440918]
[1.5844511985778809]
[49.26911163330078]
[8.346096992492676]
[12.989529609680176]
[1503.1956787109375]
[36.0061149597168]
[42.134490966796875]
[27.21866226196289]
[19.609600067138672]
[6.522670745849609]
[4.556169509887695]
[2.934668779373169]
[867.93896484375]
[1.6827527284622192]
[4.242743015289307]
[21.240400314331055]
[27.013355255126953]
[3.03255558013916]
[2.8169872760772705]
[8.159899711608887]
[2.8988683223724365]
[67.05701446533203]
[8.823238372802734]
[1.7004141807556152]
[2.7754931449890137]
[87.14421081542969]
[1.5901787281036377]
[81.58769226074219]
[5.858901500701904]
[2.8482131958007812]
[3.4059503078460693]
[24.000560760498047]
[17.127262115478516]
[15.949475288391113]
[1.6267967224121094]
[2.743370771408081]
[2.8004262447357178]
[6.596034526824951]
[3.0089681148529053]
[2.7617805004119873]
[2.7442660331726074]
[29.698043823242188]
[106.91737365722656]
[4.5750651359558105]
[6.495673179626465]
[11.395600318908691]
[5.134634494781494]
[5.624554634094238]
[2.650362253189087]
[2.6338682174682617]
[2.567065715789795]
[6.8820929527282715]
[673.717529296875]
[53.1190071105957]
[6.2839884757995605]
[2.8110408782958984]
[2.6384541988372803]
[408.8232116699219]
[2.6203773021698]
[1.5884860754013062]
[5.554306507110596]
[6.608819007873535]
[132.92333984375]
[10.223128318786621]
[66.96284484863281]
[1.5321720838546753]
[22.90459442138672]
[7.012881278991699]
[2.447707176208496]
[11.532485008239746]
[183.81454467773438]
[6.36039924621582]
[15.546092987060547]
[117.29854583740234]
[7.798553943634033]
[2.518169641494751]
[6.731622219085693]
[17.441913604736328]
[2.493556022644043]
[2.4833779335021973]
[2.840804100036621]
[8.289474487304688]
[7.164163589477539]
[1.633541226387024]
[13.903739929199219]
[2.350710868835449]
[2.4020323753356934]
[26.80841064453125]
[38.53547668457031]
[0.3922100067138672]
[2.353728771209717]
[93.65171813964844]
[65.71501922607422]
[13.18492317199707]
[102.7147445678711]
[35.61385726928711]
[3.9939048290252686]
[14.21110725402832]
[775.80322265625]
[8.815752983093262]
[2.2089531421661377]
[3.5831780433654785]
[29.678529739379883]
[2.245009660720825]
[14.530760765075684]
[1.5218425989151]
[2.172821044921875]
[1.5206347703933716]
[2.159548759460449]
[710.7207641601562]
[68.39160919189453]
[2.1643333435058594]
[49.8798828125]
[2.2441837787628174]
[460.4091796875]
[2.1964752674102783]
[86.97329711914062]
[2.3162784576416016]
[1.9209167957305908]
[2.3022282123565674]
[2.3590950965881348]
[16.12187957763672]
[832.07666015625]
[5.812787055969238]
[8.16036605834961]
[3.2492079734802246]
[5.190861225128174]
[2.3132033348083496]
[2.390620231628418]
[44.4462776184082]
[96.07754516601562]
[2.323026180267334]
[27.11270523071289]
[102.77201843261719]
[150.8862762451172]
[26.353506088256836]
[1660.460205078125]
[1.5362356901168823]
[1.7280163764953613]
[1.5201454162597656]
[1.5114145278930664]
[4.564682483673096]
[7.186769485473633]
[2.1366121768951416]
[1.6792840957641602]
[22.384010314941406]
[6.74563455581665]
[17.49614906311035]
[621.4498291015625]
[7.9274139404296875]
[7.39915657043457]
[87.10521697998047]
[627.612060546875]
[377.0799560546875]
[2.426158905029297]
[25.89904022216797]
[437.8462829589844]
[63.08670425415039]
[5.985344886779785]
[2.5124692916870117]
[97.57164764404297]
[2.516616106033325]
[6.215274810791016]
[7.634145736694336]
[8.115141868591309]
[2.4919512271881104]
[6.699907302856445]
[2.477022171020508]
[1.4264461994171143]
[2.456829786300659]
[2.3931221961975098]
[0.2880324721336365]
[6.749191761016846]
[1.4261164665222168]
[79.61638641357422]
[6.508562088012695]
[2.3525023460388184]
[2.3337924480438232]
[21.8944149017334]
[7.798851490020752]
[1.4750577211380005]
[2.302457809448242]
[84.13203430175781]
[150.1807861328125]
[1814.8095703125]
[2.202059268951416]
[85.94859313964844]
[30.134727478027344]
[5.996525287628174]
[2.058492660522461]
[1.5308352708816528]
[4.932509422302246]
[1.5651466846466064]
[62.726192474365234]
[14.736988067626953]
[34.928810119628906]
[0.27968424558639526]
[1836.1339111328125]
[2.254317045211792]
[453.7648010253906]
[1.648442029953003]
[1667.510498046875]
[797.3889770507812]
[15.564814567565918]
[3.4385266304016113]
[6.001370429992676]
[64.78999328613281]
[1.973444938659668]
[13.027069091796875]
[1.4838024377822876]
[427.2606506347656]
[12.310759544372559]
[2.0941803455352783]
[1290.7830810546875]
[2.066066026687622]
[36.82655334472656]
[2.163301467895508]
[6.6252522468566895]
[0.4833376705646515]
[62.9941520690918]
[1.8496448993682861]
[1.8350239992141724]
[1.538615107536316]
[1.8055469989776611]
[5.742127895355225]
[1.8299137353897095]
[8.470738410949707]
[15.137168884277344]
[17.845090866088867]
[4.356081962585449]
[6.890363693237305]
[1424.3831787109375]
[1.717600703239441]
[1.716953158378601]
[1.6751388311386108]
[5.646237850189209]
[2.5881576538085938]
[23.508577346801758]
[9.918837547302246]
[8.049484252929688]
[265.7680358886719]
[116.20761108398438]
[27.568466186523438]
[4.93009614944458]
[6.151261806488037]
[46.025184631347656]
[887.6019287109375]
[75.43578338623047]
[5.229640007019043]
[69.27436828613281]
[37.4267578125]
[3.9198272228240967]
[1.9012997150421143]
[1.8932403326034546]
[4.500792503356934]
[5.877323627471924]
[55.98493957519531]
[2.307534694671631]
[23.593427658081055]
[2.3591413497924805]
[2.3753082752227783]
[128.53656005859375]
[21.27718734741211]
[5.566053867340088]
[22.614110946655273]
[68.01016998291016]
[2.4406814575195312]
[0.4052990674972534]
[2.504265308380127]
[2.460404872894287]
[6.0826802253723145]
[114.09004211425781]
[1.6442025899887085]
[25.127479553222656]
[1.6285380125045776]
[632.589599609375]
[1953.9381103515625]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[9.10193920135498]
[7.7497968673706055]
[17.70106315612793]
[1.3732333183288574]
[39.004825592041016]
[0.38404205441474915]
[24.145811080932617]
[51.934234619140625]
[6.708076000213623]
[53.271385192871094]
[0.20733539760112762]
[38.115501403808594]
[18.385417938232422]
[4.724941253662109]
[1.265506386756897]
[1.9859083890914917]
[1.122462511062622]
[13.93478775024414]
[2.2060718536376953]
[3.266037702560425]
[2.1540398597717285]
[1.2657525539398193]
[373.1839599609375]
[4.8333210945129395]
[1490.2462158203125]
[2.075624942779541]
[6.321004867553711]
[6.396242618560791]
[431.800537109375]
[1.1636228561401367]
[2.069042444229126]
[46.6612663269043]
[196.59310913085938]
[2.2315187454223633]
[1.315201759338379]
[2.3892874717712402]
[2.436223030090332]
[35.48744201660156]
[2.424567937850952]
[151.95652770996094]
[2.351918935775757]
[1.480934500694275]
[5.195966720581055]
[2.4873523712158203]
[9.874151229858398]
[2.2969887256622314]
[2.4049487113952637]
[743.2008666992188]
[50.74236297607422]
[2.35927414894104]
[2.3308730125427246]
[6.827418327331543]
[15.55482292175293]
[1.4372323751449585]
[2.223268747329712]
[2.072446823120117]
[2.060279607772827]
[19.092069625854492]
[4.686841011047363]
[2.0530338287353516]
[6.20316219329834]
[534.2421264648438]
[2.035691022872925]
[1343.655029296875]
[1.848752737045288]
[5.3447089195251465]
[5.230240345001221]
[82.88346862792969]
[1.0552937984466553]
[5.788835048675537]
[888.6495361328125]
[7.004841327667236]
[1.5407313108444214]
[45.098880767822266]
[1.5399763584136963]
[16.857009887695312]
[14.82190227508545]
[47.866580963134766]
[29.279539108276367]
[6.0138349533081055]
[106.21142578125]
[117.18428039550781]
[39.485172271728516]
[69.2765884399414]
[779.4092407226562]
[74.20330047607422]
[22.199199676513672]
[631.5330200195312]
[14.777179718017578]
[4.796623706817627]
[699.9722900390625]
[12.080387115478516]
[7.376321792602539]
[25.435049057006836]
[213.1801300048828]
[35.67509460449219]
[20.62195587158203]
[16.762544631958008]
[11.814550399780273]
[8.585494041442871]
[45.08662033081055]
[390.20965576171875]
[5.075855255126953]
[23.186803817749023]
[2.443260908126831]
[2.4493613243103027]
[34.14851379394531]
[9.924234390258789]
[2.4673500061035156]
[5.231748580932617]
[5466.7314453125]
[0.3324992060661316]
[14.026651382446289]
[2.0821197032928467]
[94.09033966064453]
[187.60031127929688]
[2.0672080516815186]
[2.0944221019744873]
[217.5054473876953]
[2.1697051525115967]
[2.1899912357330322]
[15.884566307067871]
[2.221888542175293]
[6.839806079864502]
[8.278491973876953]
[8.572709083557129]
[1279.4630126953125]
[58.8632698059082]
[1.2100063562393188]
[1.0770329236984253]
[8.126029968261719]
[561.7791137695312]
[13.4829740524292]
[6.718056678771973]
[2.0742006301879883]
[2.1499099731445312]
[47.33848190307617]
[405.127197265625]
[6.612896919250488]
[50.456459045410156]
[0.2620811462402344]
[2.708279609680176]
[2.7870187759399414]
[2.8113770484924316]
[2.867150068283081]
[15.741097450256348]
[36.92876052856445]
[1.2572518587112427]
[3.0503885746002197]
[113.03097534179688]
[2.8769760131835938]
[3.0453875064849854]
[3.0242016315460205]
[2.7569382190704346]
[2.986283779144287]
[5.882630825042725]
[1273.201171875]
[7.721745491027832]
[61.65638732910156]
[10.963874816894531]
[6.596552848815918]
[2.2499821186065674]
[2.2703492641448975]
[6.4855427742004395]
[6.468438625335693]
[2.0939133167266846]
[1.2737298011779785]
[1.9838266372680664]
[1.2469253540039062]
[90.97583770751953]
[30.513410568237305]
[6.159140110015869]
[6.121983528137207]
[12.992514610290527]
[34.21648025512695]
[28.096193313598633]
[1.814414620399475]
[53.56794738769531]
[0.1811732053756714]
[1.2801737785339355]
[10.313078880310059]
[13.964278221130371]
[13.873244285583496]
[6.221348285675049]
[3.580082893371582]
[50.54466247558594]
[51.063133239746094]
[2.255614995956421]
[6.276986122131348]
[6.7656755447387695]
[1.432572603225708]
[1.2408617734909058]
[5.41855525970459]
[2.3052637577056885]
[7.743452548980713]
[2.321690320968628]
[19.085472106933594]
[1.2652143239974976]
[16.708145141601562]
[31.482681274414062]
[9.35251235961914]
[2.224264144897461]
[6.643962383270264]
[25.116727828979492]
[306.849365234375]
[5.725917816162109]
[1.2442612648010254]
[2.2536520957946777]
[2.163971185684204]
[1762.134033203125]
[2.1721551418304443]
[11.269942283630371]
[6.187524318695068]
[5.436390399932861]
[1539.5758056640625]
[6.229813098907471]
[1.86722993850708]
[217.67587280273438]
[3.436997890472412]
[17.763263702392578]
[1.8568017482757568]
[6.375487804412842]
[15.54434585571289]
[1.034593105316162]
[6.087569713592529]
[828.462890625]
[35.2760009765625]
[1.8093806505203247]
[1.2843081951141357]
[0.27453193068504333]
[6.1236958503723145]
[5.838385581970215]
[3.186037540435791]
[36.1348876953125]
[1.7857969999313354]
[1.2865725755691528]
[24.216073989868164]
[4.305725574493408]
[1.7379980087280273]
[4.873136520385742]
[1.7740899324417114]
[130.48513793945312]
[10.813899040222168]
[335.7489929199219]
[4.370351791381836]
[1.811011791229248]
[1.4439380168914795]
[22.878459930419922]
[114.51640319824219]
[7.64152717590332]
[5.75112771987915]
[666.8336181640625]
[1.2678940296173096]
[5.153537750244141]
[1.915228009223938]
[18.656251907348633]
[6.2433342933654785]
[12245.7890625]
[1.961705207824707]
[426.966064453125]
[11.586978912353516]
[1187.0596923828125]
[1.380210518836975]
[19.81206512451172]
[2.0485634803771973]
[16.997346878051758]
[35.013702392578125]
[7.720638275146484]
[5.358520030975342]
[1.9461777210235596]
[1.9457653760910034]
[2.2998595237731934]
[2119.02197265625]
[2.875844717025757]
[20.69916534423828]
[16.743423461914062]
[152.39483642578125]
[2.2811946868896484]
[42.13408279418945]
[6.168048858642578]
[2.2560205459594727]
[838.4074096679688]
[69.6889877319336]
[5694.87646484375]
[8.626675605773926]
[89.24162292480469]
[766.68212890625]
[2.230924367904663]
[98.73124694824219]
[4.441257476806641]
[225.74822998046875]
[7.986560821533203]
[5.855474948883057]
[1712.9490966796875]
[3.4652111530303955]
[3.7021117210388184]
[1.77594792842865]
[16.821561813354492]
[5.595714092254639]
[6.503533363342285]
[1635.4761962890625]
[583.2577514648438]
[172.7486114501953]
[4.223112106323242]
[4.126803398132324]
[123.58435821533203]
[6.418054103851318]
[59.86878967285156]
[161.4393310546875]
[12.720398902893066]
[7.060958385467529]
[74.19596862792969]
[989.0310668945312]
[344.2799072265625]
[21.46186065673828]
[9.334033012390137]
[3.085127830505371]
[1.7789814472198486]
[9.271432876586914]
[6.81393575668335]
[6.9235639572143555]
[2.958646774291992]
[2.9644320011138916]
[5.482151985168457]
[250.18185424804688]
[214.99188232421875]
[359.6181945800781]
[629.3154907226562]
[587.40478515625]
[2.855336904525757]
[8.947912216186523]
[6.834536552429199]
[4.0481343269348145]
[84.58168029785156]
[4.9871826171875]
[2.7614738941192627]
[1182.4720458984375]
[5894.23193359375]
[1078.5274658203125]
[8.610228538513184]
[1.6188302040100098]
[1.5184831619262695]
[5.619779109954834]
[2.6163527965545654]
[2.6132442951202393]
[2.695255756378174]
[7.641897201538086]
[28.69989776611328]
[6.477200508117676]
[2.5532889366149902]
[2.5324528217315674]
[65.30178833007812]
[278.995361328125]
[16.032068252563477]
[6.347540855407715]
[2.4984242916107178]
[2.449040174484253]
[18.45610809326172]
[1.4242113828659058]
[4.308505535125732]
[9.49045181274414]
[203.93124389648438]
[39.722801208496094]
[19.116127014160156]
[2.024306297302246]
[2.0009148120880127]
[7.389200210571289]
[9.347057342529297]
[16.04218864440918]
[1.9092198610305786]
[1.4103116989135742]
[1.8646385669708252]
[192.25152587890625]
[7.416034698486328]
[66.32689666748047]
[25.096494674682617]
[13.167349815368652]
[1.8710389137268066]
[1.4386112689971924]
[29.16510009765625]
[1.4189549684524536]
[1.8413623571395874]
[1.8341277837753296]
[17.273086547851562]
[1.9083504676818848]
[452.1376953125]
[1.8798006772994995]
[261.9330139160156]
[54.12937545776367]
[28512.53515625]
[5.296821117401123]
[78.62305450439453]
[232.99073791503906]
[4.148441791534424]
[1.8045010566711426]
[6.117248058319092]
[20.923856735229492]
[3.3502206802368164]
[8.490361213684082]
[801.8035888671875]
[2.1689841747283936]
[12.468225479125977]
[195.70001220703125]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[9.61445140838623]
[1.833804965019226]
[191.10830688476562]
[2.3410818576812744]
[130.31788635253906]
[2.307633399963379]
[274.71685791015625]
[2.332677125930786]
[177.25555419921875]
[9.870270729064941]
[2233.310302734375]
[5.842685699462891]
[474.9930114746094]
[1.8606513738632202]
[0.6474183797836304]
[1.9662586450576782]
[479.2530212402344]
[683.3565063476562]
[180.29898071289062]
[1.7750195264816284]
[68.20022583007812]
[284.4352722167969]
[1.7280482053756714]
[2.6378650665283203]
[25.9770450592041]
[239.36489868164062]
[394.4881896972656]
[6.998414516448975]
[37.86273956298828]
[84.38949584960938]
[1.934954047203064]
[14.224623680114746]
[3.3287136554718018]
[131.75747680664062]
[194.3722686767578]
[32.310787200927734]
[350.8876953125]
[3.5504202842712402]
[17.984758377075195]
[3.596362829208374]
[7.6486592292785645]
[7.738049507141113]
[5.871067523956299]
[28.313495635986328]
[10736.36328125]
[3.218254327774048]
[78.37096405029297]
[3.127507209777832]
[4.9982829093933105]
[5.581502914428711]
[2.3899424076080322]
[5.748847484588623]
[87.9347152709961]
[7.0041351318359375]
[57.27421951293945]
[2.315018653869629]
[2.904589891433716]
[4.014512538909912]
[7.729223728179932]
[2.8614227771759033]
[11.321314811706543]
[105.0011978149414]
[201.33489990234375]
[10.850507736206055]
[39.0059700012207]
[107.72146606445312]
[6.408497333526611]
[67.64403533935547]
[1.308529257774353]
[2.7511544227600098]
[2.68471097946167]
[7.9377665519714355]
[1.6113357543945312]
[2.6963815689086914]
[17.368650436401367]
[58.157169342041016]
[18.641847610473633]
[2.924826145172119]
[3.030776262283325]
[1.5748023986816406]
[8.040421485900879]
[25.44921112060547]
[183.39224243164062]
[101.67818450927734]
[2.9111697673797607]
[8.793651580810547]
[2.8193042278289795]
[2.863647222518921]
[345.8139953613281]
[1114.0159912109375]
[377.6392822265625]
[2.779965877532959]
[2.755496025085449]
[73.1854248046875]
[118.59794616699219]
[4.105018138885498]
[2.875149726867676]
[5.779472827911377]
[28.902284622192383]
[2.789781093597412]
[332.52862548828125]
[183.84864807128906]
[13.332505226135254]
[7.223875522613525]
[7.381332874298096]
[11.831315994262695]
[7.567523002624512]
[6.64021110534668]
[46.477962493896484]
[18024.392578125]
[24.589033126831055]
[6.3526201248168945]
[2.8777215480804443]
[175.18666076660156]
[2.8911631107330322]
[7.278902530670166]
[3.1542415618896484]
[5.422277450561523]
[2679.193115234375]
[48.06059646606445]
[3.4289467334747314]
[11.0989408493042]
[1.7761590480804443]
[3.536877393722534]
[381.4570007324219]
[1820.11376953125]
[4.5402021408081055]
[6.1895647048950195]
[1.930700659751892]
[534.0897827148438]
[1.1630977392196655]
[9.361751556396484]
[3.1885650157928467]
[2.786452531814575]
[35.391632080078125]
[2.8507866859436035]
[5.376501083374023]
[9.209498405456543]
[24.619739532470703]
[34.23128890991211]
[9.26862907409668]
[2.7197141647338867]
[5.758080005645752]
[5.369003772735596]
[2.6328766345977783]
[1.9578399658203125]
[1.7131783962249756]
[1426.3321533203125]
[2.414782762527466]
[149.47679138183594]
[69.5552978515625]
[320.7235107421875]
[2.570695161819458]
[34.166221618652344]
[9.963006019592285]
[22.617074966430664]
[122.397705078125]
[11.434318542480469]
[1.5644270181655884]
[45.01982116699219]
[99.40189361572266]
[19.384197235107422]
[57.638553619384766]
[1.548439383506775]
[2.668262004852295]
[50.29890441894531]
[2.8010153770446777]
[8.034932136535645]
[1.4816184043884277]
[732.46240234375]
[1.9697396755218506]
[89.49413299560547]
[883.45703125]
[5.1768412590026855]
[47.995567321777344]
[3.2711715698242188]
[3.311126947402954]
[5.4729743003845215]
[10.15607738494873]
[103.78905487060547]
[35.164215087890625]
[3.307736396789551]
[1.564200758934021]
[18.655500411987305]
[7.157721996307373]
[3.508587598800659]
[63.15806579589844]
[3.5085341930389404]
[10.53746223449707]
[91.43714904785156]
[3.49562931060791]
[1.5063012838363647]
[5.837498664855957]
[5.350793361663818]
[124.7736587524414]
[13865.7783203125]
[43.2166748046875]
[58.461334228515625]
[3.1764562129974365]
[130.38485717773438]
[24.561159133911133]
[5.192440032958984]
[3.1479146480560303]
[96.01844024658203]
[92852.859375]
[17.825847625732422]
[1.1753435134887695]
[64.97700500488281]
[6.302459239959717]
[4.833896636962891]
[5.043375492095947]
[7.070876598358154]
[105.58032989501953]
[25.429441452026367]
[39.21958541870117]
[16.335294723510742]
[67.31330108642578]
[7.997462749481201]
[10.669776916503906]
[8.680083274841309]
[24.0238094329834]
[232.16317749023438]
[220.71580505371094]
[589.2012939453125]
[6.0040693283081055]
[24.031761169433594]
[242.16152954101562]
[6.051302909851074]
[23.8424072265625]
[14.244342803955078]
[8.080426216125488]
[7.994537353515625]
[2.360959053039551]
[1194.766845703125]
[75.9369888305664]
[58.906795501708984]
[25.919221878051758]
[2.3831357955932617]
[13.144155502319336]
[50.7098503112793]
[3862.33837890625]
[13.4544677734375]
[5.34393310546875]
[81.18966674804688]
[11.478679656982422]
[23.525121688842773]
[72.3575210571289]
[6.252203941345215]
[2031.29931640625]
[42.876590728759766]
[5.362264633178711]
[12.051216125488281]
[5.706124305725098]
[5.540053844451904]
[5.480259895324707]
[5.395881175994873]
[5.355489730834961]
[6.96249532699585]
[3.656130313873291]
[5.157134532928467]
[5.218122482299805]
[2.022263526916504]
[2.11297869682312]
[40.65166091918945]
[3.720015525817871]
[1.9911364316940308]
[1196.9544677734375]
[9.902814865112305]
[4.8760175704956055]
[1274.424072265625]
[956.9523315429688]
[2569.10400390625]
[9.257129669189453]
[152.3003387451172]
[4.759265422821045]
[24.3427734375]
[810.5214233398438]
[36.360836029052734]
[82.0952377319336]
[1.7154114246368408]
[5.37598991394043]
[5.555453300476074]
[57.687129974365234]
[5.519769668579102]
[27.93691635131836]
[58.33670425415039]
[34462.08984375]
[1.638309121131897]
[54.0504035949707]
[5.432104587554932]
[134.89942932128906]
[445.6421813964844]
[29.941024780273438]
[5.917607307434082]
[12.426069259643555]
[4.96929931640625]
[1.4942846298217773]
[1576.2320556640625]
[158.9672393798828]
[6.638974666595459]
[2.407165288925171]
[192.85986328125]
[370.9275817871094]
[8.543462753295898]
[10.661599159240723]
[311.01226806640625]
[6.803339004516602]
[360.3441467285156]
[35.207420349121094]
[72.56338500976562]
[2034.6539306640625]
[2229.491943359375]
[39.843162536621094]
[15.46541976928711]
[6.381380081176758]
[6.396610736846924]
[12.637012481689453]
[6.243026256561279]
[6.134863376617432]
[8.980504035949707]
[154.13943481445312]
[455.1785888671875]
[336.23760986328125]
[2.213449716567993]
[22.885395050048828]
[3.8973968029022217]
[5.527141094207764]
[8.863757133483887]
[10.092281341552734]
[349.0205993652344]
[9.455801010131836]
[13.688776016235352]
[5.502134799957275]
[5.468287467956543]
[15252.9326171875]
[47.048789978027344]
[0.5866240859031677]
[1.8347043991088867]
[374.8183288574219]
[5.003884315490723]
[4.907383918762207]
[6.37083625793457]
[78.54388427734375]
[6.4268317222595215]
[7.998692512512207]
[4.734460830688477]
[2.599470615386963]
[4.682834148406982]
[4.630789279937744]
[832.432373046875]
[45.248069763183594]
[88.7914047241211]
[61.066349029541016]
[4.435657501220703]
[8.452031135559082]
[80.42596435546875]
[91.65512084960938]
[38.9731330871582]
[9.56093978881836]
[306.1913146972656]
[4.153254508972168]
[150.1541748046875]
[4.1464715003967285]
[9.767404556274414]
[127.36233520507812]
[1.69533371925354]
[8.23759937286377]
[12.873290061950684]
[1.7139081954956055]
[4.0243425369262695]
[15.078878402709961]
[6.395975112915039]
[10.867391586303711]
[3.8720884323120117]
[4.108582973480225]
[1.6822221279144287]
[17.342313766479492]
[10.018503189086914]
[4.024208068847656]
[3.8377132415771484]
[103.29920196533203]
[17.72319984436035]
[36242.68359375]
[1.5789968967437744]
[45.57066345214844]
[22.762340545654297]
[1.4047409296035767]
[205.6252899169922]
[667.1796264648438]
[3.5625481605529785]
[23805.482421875]
[995.4623413085938]
[5.853374481201172]
[15.800365447998047]
[10.449410438537598]
[6.977324962615967]
[4.595193862915039]
[32.2662353515625]
[2224.251708984375]
[5.225354194641113]
[237.0922393798828]
[818.504150390625]
[111.62837219238281]
[5.6815385818481445]
[18.7193546295166]
[45.68094253540039]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[10.497331619262695]
[5.728625297546387]
[6.033694267272949]
[1.1772799491882324]
[10.088672637939453]
[720.4423217773438]
[5.824885368347168]
[5.984539031982422]
[5.874174118041992]
[197.30589294433594]
[142.7795867919922]
[210.44740295410156]
[4.958189487457275]
[7.93963623046875]
[5.640848159790039]
[5.947728157043457]
[5.125557899475098]
[5.5151472091674805]
[80.34809875488281]
[6.606318950653076]
[120.1257553100586]
[21.4620361328125]
[0.6736906170845032]
[39.023441314697266]
[2.2200307846069336]
[8.795257568359375]
[187.07391357421875]
[10.254323959350586]
[335.6180114746094]
[4.955033779144287]
[4.864741325378418]
[42.869686126708984]
[2.3687734603881836]
[22.075471878051758]
[15.945165634155273]
[4.529801368713379]
[4.960862636566162]
[5.5882134437561035]
[7.435119152069092]
[11.604156494140625]
[2.2394957542419434]
[4.673202037811279]
[2223.015869140625]
[4.284482479095459]
[453.30450439453125]
[18.102521896362305]
[11.410223007202148]
[13.192920684814453]
[5.281274795532227]
[28.701004028320312]
[4.009372711181641]
[3.9762821197509766]
[73.93466186523438]
[34.026634216308594]
[63.71128845214844]
[3.728116989135742]
[8.344560623168945]
[9.044029235839844]
[1.9212520122528076]
[83.98419189453125]
[2.0905380249023438]
[4.624117851257324]
[22.674917221069336]
[1290.5977783203125]
[140.71224975585938]
[217.9569549560547]
[4.579677581787109]
[16.32032012939453]
[1.8839635848999023]
[13.684266090393066]
[3.7800533771514893]
[8.950457572937012]
[3.6292498111724854]
[3.524279832839966]
[16.109739303588867]
[2059.297607421875]
[6.3656325340271]
[5.652254104614258]
[3.4159762859344482]
[63.993350982666016]
[31.960054397583008]
[838.0507202148438]
[10.062259674072266]
[297.14190673828125]
[3.3382205963134766]
[3.8872246742248535]
[1040.59228515625]
[2.5917398929595947]
[44.25931167602539]
[89.76589965820312]
[72.18507385253906]
[3.1810386180877686]
[3.225173234939575]
[947.87353515625]
[3.2073822021484375]
[3.200240135192871]
[3.1886606216430664]
[3.174355983734131]
[622.8106689453125]
[3.305940866470337]
[263.5468444824219]
[112.6280746459961]
[63.250545501708984]
[3.0179314613342285]
[3.0139615535736084]
[1.834753155708313]
[5.757810115814209]
[3.036182165145874]
[2.6280157566070557]
[3.008976697921753]
[19.093250274658203]
[0.3745626211166382]
[17.99771499633789]
[14.641339302062988]
[2.9278955459594727]
[2.904686212539673]
[6.337317943572998]
[2.876936674118042]
[2.7844643592834473]
[6.425960540771484]
[10.798112869262695]
[2.8136534690856934]
[52.864933013916016]
[29.421411514282227]
[0.43006184697151184]
[7.4547929763793945]
[2.7746152877807617]
[11.437564849853516]
[1.7912713289260864]
[4.575498580932617]
[1.6946799755096436]
[4.316530227661133]
[11.058520317077637]
[94.33360290527344]
[2.714411735534668]
[2.296005964279175]
[2.6317245960235596]
[1.7872661352157593]
[3.8964171409606934]
[4.406426906585693]
[28.489782333374023]
[1.7608108520507812]
[2.594731092453003]
[2.7396178245544434]
[102.63874053955078]
[6.116409778594971]
[153.01788330078125]
[1.696140170097351]
[10.21834659576416]
[1.7820079326629639]
[3.2418081760406494]
[210.5375518798828]
[0.8882349133491516]
[21.385568618774414]
[110.4355697631836]
[156.96893310546875]
[2.705716133117676]
[156.58714294433594]
[1.7315517663955688]
[5.189010143280029]
[20.682750701904297]
[2.75614857673645]
[339.3723449707031]
[16.802125930786133]
[6.911754608154297]
[19.804397583007812]
[2252.363525390625]
[2.7601983547210693]
[638.958740234375]
[3.7873830795288086]
[60.6989631652832]
[98.31292724609375]
[2.9628469944000244]
[6.258090972900391]
[1.7285789251327515]
[2.9028611183166504]
[2.8829195499420166]
[40.7519645690918]
[2.857051372528076]
[19.820606231689453]
[14.151650428771973]
[47.75301742553711]
[4.567892074584961]
[9.829994201660156]
[694.5067138671875]
[5.122412204742432]
[2.072263717651367]
[9.738743782043457]
[0.2408895492553711]
[5.102039337158203]
[4.764930725097656]
[116.55537414550781]
[14.962238311767578]
[2078.509765625]
[2.771679401397705]
[93.39159393310547]
[1.1603964567184448]
[0.24433621764183044]
[8.450141906738281]
[103.31355285644531]
[6.507829666137695]
[545.8724975585938]
[174.5155792236328]
[13.340388298034668]
[2.711069345474243]
[3.7948193550109863]
[94.06682586669922]
[1.6270992755889893]
[4.120846748352051]
[4.747559070587158]
[3.0688869953155518]
[2.666280508041382]
[23.923025131225586]
[2.5365636348724365]
[86.13002014160156]
[8.04047679901123]
[1.550416111946106]
[2.659653902053833]
[8.036182403564453]
[6.547511577606201]
[2.669598340988159]
[16.827409744262695]
[234.47222900390625]
[3.4645204544067383]
[12.167903900146484]
[7.264866828918457]
[15.703103065490723]
[28.254976272583008]
[2.6637887954711914]
[24.69579315185547]
[23.759193420410156]
[17.551536560058594]
[330.69366455078125]
[15.896169662475586]
[4.923285961151123]
[35.913204193115234]
[2.4880928993225098]
[2.568868398666382]
[76.30253601074219]
[7.006428241729736]
[1.4727542400360107]
[32.830509185791016]
[152.77552795410156]
[1.502784252166748]
[2.6911933422088623]
[17.245195388793945]
[1.589339256286621]
[9.755435943603516]
[2.504399061203003]
[76.66541290283203]
[16.483118057250977]
[532.0496215820312]
[4.589142322540283]
[2.418579339981079]
[11.503259658813477]
[1.738196849822998]
[42.39106750488281]
[2.339240789413452]
[46.39601135253906]
[208.70864868164062]
[5.994438648223877]
[8.983316421508789]
[290.1745300292969]
[6.887144565582275]
[3.871567964553833]
[2.28765606880188]
[64.12642669677734]
[4.3486199378967285]
[2.4783263206481934]
[34264.56640625]
[2.1907150745391846]
[2.5014455318450928]
[2.106447696685791]
[865.6629638671875]
[6.692464828491211]
[4.928090572357178]
[87.35855102539062]
[8.311013221740723]
[8.08887004852295]
[50.386619567871094]
[193.57464599609375]
[5.837094306945801]
[2.3561811447143555]
[1020.403076171875]
[1.2712087631225586]
[2.405637264251709]
[2.353793144226074]
[2.377061367034912]
[118.75987243652344]
[28433.84765625]
[202.66461181640625]
[7.183014392852783]
[6.710628509521484]
[1.8328319787979126]
[24.05779266357422]
[11.141773223876953]
[16.211101531982422]
[110.74072265625]
[3.2341670989990234]
[559.6921997070312]
[2.3633790016174316]
[35.03931427001953]
[1.906954288482666]
[5.726379871368408]
[2.6459217071533203]
[32.93910598754883]
[10.085439682006836]
[2.2048277854919434]
[7.942148208618164]
[148.14874267578125]
[234.7001190185547]
[189.84327697753906]
[6.4546003341674805]
[2.828911066055298]
[2.8169007301330566]
[343.0456237792969]
[12.0527925491333]
[138.76966857910156]
[4.399051189422607]
[15.636754035949707]
[2814.305908203125]
[2.7052741050720215]
[328.8045959472656]
[46.600364685058594]
[45.591365814208984]
[15.193201065063477]
[2.296477794647217]
[31.879072189331055]
[6.49014139175415]
[2.392228126525879]
[235.27244567871094]
[2.3580307960510254]
[2.245443344116211]
[3.2288904190063477]
[3.609058141708374]
[149.83323669433594]
[4.199645519256592]
[5.623247146606445]
[21.061609268188477]
[54.83079528808594]
[380.0166320800781]
[2.2134780883789062]
[142.3970947265625]
[264.1375732421875]
[133.8069305419922]
[16.698741912841797]
[8.92243480682373]
[2.1573169231414795]
[79.55789184570312]
[4.137466907501221]
[2.1315903663635254]
[3.4769437313079834]
[2.1165833473205566]
[2501.936767578125]
[2.1052753925323486]
[2.1195688247680664]
[2.0598700046539307]
[3.90767765045166]
[19.339847564697266]
[2.0271310806274414]
[278.2878112792969]
[15.968195915222168]
[6.088104724884033]
[4.369033336639404]
[12.590951919555664]
[18183.05078125]
[74.600830078125]
[31.929969787597656]
[193.5264129638672]
[5.67371940612793]
[2.8932995796203613]
[1774.32275390625]
[133.64599609375]
[215.30494689941406]
[105.74762725830078]
[2.200770378112793]
[2.2303521633148193]
[27.495519638061523]
[2.243783473968506]
[2.126861095428467]
[1.7247681617736816]
[4.379070281982422]
[89.17790222167969]
[3.9355719089508057]
[530.1419067382812]
[13.068401336669922]
[61.87657165527344]
[10.305466651916504]
[4.839995384216309]
[1.5852117538452148]
[89.44849395751953]
[193.9195098876953]
[2.333695888519287]
[6.087414741516113]
[4.8545823097229]
[109.50574493408203]
[2.4105684757232666]
[79.50495910644531]
[3.1093435287475586]
[2.402764320373535]
[2.3582212924957275]
[1.5231406688690186]
[79.4944076538086]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[40.54150390625]
[4.764769554138184]
[5.816476821899414]
[10.360054016113281]
[2.322803258895874]
[167.15728759765625]
[3.2842061519622803]
[27.277448654174805]
[205.90219116210938]
[8.970233917236328]
[1532.6737060546875]
[8.079022407531738]
[49.366703033447266]
[2.2246766090393066]
[12.037349700927734]
[2.265855550765991]
[6.851920127868652]
[2.2498085498809814]
[1.9256609678268433]
[11.783034324645996]
[4577.83544921875]
[4.646467685699463]
[2.275400400161743]
[66.4662857055664]
[17.694290161132812]
[0.33809375762939453]
[2.2962803840637207]
[6.395875930786133]
[2.258612632751465]
[112.24069213867188]
[4.268343448638916]
[2.245847225189209]
[1623.2518310546875]
[3.7242789268493652]
[2.20847225189209]
[4.293356895446777]
[5.259401798248291]
[3.7946829795837402]
[7.697481632232666]
[64.94537353515625]
[6.351893424987793]
[0.5078759789466858]
[8.056190490722656]
[3.7442281246185303]
[651.17041015625]
[71.31481170654297]
[806.0408325195312]
[781.1947021484375]
[13.189067840576172]
[2.023951530456543]
[7.382826328277588]
[35.11410140991211]
[2.2750699520111084]
[80.05091094970703]
[6.907367706298828]
[19.23318862915039]
[6.538991928100586]
[6.782725811004639]
[202.72921752929688]
[8.995000839233398]
[1.4417331218719482]
[9.065474510192871]
[89.83085632324219]
[1.3492366075515747]
[122.96717834472656]
[20.994356155395508]
[5.415793418884277]
[3.8929741382598877]
[3.823521137237549]
[5.201848030090332]
[1.434872031211853]
[2.136662244796753]
[2.615457773208618]
[13.700738906860352]
[1.4336035251617432]
[5.9147539138793945]
[16.998952865600586]
[67.40443420410156]
[1.34861421585083]
[2.6397886276245117]
[2.885040521621704]
[173.41246032714844]
[3.0780892372131348]
[633.1143188476562]
[62.085365295410156]
[1521.91259765625]
[41.397705078125]
[76.57929229736328]
[9.713042259216309]
[1.4001103639602661]
[2.6318917274475098]
[386.1481628417969]
[4.472244739532471]
[10.28082275390625]
[169.4945068359375]
[12.692124366760254]
[10.675241470336914]
[78.45645904541016]
[2.5778491497039795]
[60.83879470825195]
[57.625]
[8.600491523742676]
[474.69317626953125]
[1.420678973197937]
[5.407856464385986]
[3.7360095977783203]
[0.30220258235931396]
[2.532008409500122]
[19.437965393066406]
[11.975844383239746]
[38.882137298583984]
[5.904772758483887]
[17.271015167236328]
[3.818256139755249]
[5.134157657623291]
[2.486271619796753]
[11.458845138549805]
[158.3948974609375]
[7.139361381530762]
[4.269705295562744]
[3.8493456840515137]
[5.564557075500488]
[18.039749145507812]
[1.361342191696167]
[7.0035223960876465]
[2.3989081382751465]
[156.59478759765625]
[642.568359375]
[442.5086669921875]
[13.30270767211914]
[13.421516418457031]
[1.398654818534851]
[3.41973876953125]
[4.284077167510986]
[39.36789321899414]
[67.24181365966797]
[0.2901677191257477]
[612.05322265625]
[0.4474998712539673]
[79.66590118408203]
[46.55609893798828]
[4.9398112297058105]
[103.17804718017578]
[2.3676199913024902]
[14.211050987243652]
[1318.4134521484375]
[2.3619914054870605]
[71.96503448486328]
[14.78005599975586]
[2.364880084991455]
[4.25731086730957]
[15479.0302734375]
[2.0878543853759766]
[8.804276466369629]
[2.3022756576538086]
[3.587225914001465]
[24.570058822631836]
[4.3909125328063965]
[68.81336212158203]
[2.453357458114624]
[4.814834117889404]
[92.58798217773438]
[269.28167724609375]
[40.920921325683594]
[5.737148284912109]
[195.8724822998047]
[4.853435039520264]
[56.04300308227539]
[3.5062918663024902]
[2.8247077465057373]
[5.08645486831665]
[2.820617914199829]
[8.166084289550781]
[139.05978393554688]
[4.973241806030273]
[2.8078551292419434]
[13.463910102844238]
[3.948549509048462]
[2.783123731613159]
[68.678466796875]
[340.4354248046875]
[2.7497200965881348]
[1.7156996726989746]
[6.138321399688721]
[109.40735626220703]
[12.135005950927734]
[3.924842596054077]
[2.6088955402374268]
[2.5869433879852295]
[3.659954309463501]
[2.542691469192505]
[3.020839214324951]
[4.610576629638672]
[26.366718292236328]
[1.634149432182312]
[2.4770255088806152]
[2.472952127456665]
[25.60558319091797]
[2497.840576171875]
[3.5715279579162598]
[16.277217864990234]
[1.6359084844589233]
[2.3134500980377197]
[1.5601005554199219]
[5.0686869621276855]
[1.7889509201049805]
[865.0150146484375]
[2.194969415664673]
[20.381668090820312]
[790.2210083007812]
[9.309372901916504]
[9.137240409851074]
[5.63248348236084]
[269.0789794921875]
[2265.37451171875]
[36.296485900878906]
[17.91984748840332]
[1.5040080547332764]
[2.7966148853302]
[3.5937798023223877]
[2134.04150390625]
[2.080991506576538]
[1048.539794921875]
[8.12569522857666]
[2.1069586277008057]
[84.82498168945312]
[69.51408386230469]
[8.496456146240234]
[2.1631975173950195]
[106.05675506591797]
[6.564221382141113]
[139.3350372314453]
[56.08161163330078]
[5.024050712585449]
[9328.421875]
[2.0293424129486084]
[41.50468444824219]
[0.27917420864105225]
[3.0284013748168945]
[1.74799382686615]
[258.4660339355469]
[2.3291401863098145]
[1.6872401237487793]
[10.756021499633789]
[6.699197769165039]
[1.7420672178268433]
[7.386561870574951]
[0.31831425428390503]
[655.0477294921875]
[8.693716049194336]
[3.5957257747650146]
[10.26565933227539]
[4.968982696533203]
[29.948841094970703]
[2.1249685287475586]
[18.279762268066406]
[5.069012641906738]
[32.00156021118164]
[2.118647575378418]
[5.084227085113525]
[18.543365478515625]
[4.377897262573242]
[708.3194580078125]
[606.1342163085938]
[23.662395477294922]
[15.678411483764648]
[4.733330726623535]
[2.0469436645507812]
[539.3765258789062]
[576.100341796875]
[4.3939714431762695]
[18373.138671875]
[2199.929931640625]
[3.5437493324279785]
[6.675012588500977]
[5.3531494140625]
[1.8145405054092407]
[742.1556396484375]
[43.289939880371094]
[2.5874078273773193]
[2.8677432537078857]
[5.978367805480957]
[2.4490835666656494]
[2.3808889389038086]
[8.621980667114258]
[3.7583539485931396]
[9.00171184539795]
[1.6178590059280396]
[6.1761698722839355]
[5.142207145690918]
[5.989286422729492]
[17.271587371826172]
[6.3676347732543945]
[781.2171020507812]
[11.02617073059082]
[152.3299560546875]
[9.490723609924316]
[2.182532548904419]
[54.86665344238281]
[96.18719482421875]
[15.689735412597656]
[556.2449340820312]
[7.871212005615234]
[2.2242608070373535]
[236.0033416748047]
[70.58385467529297]
[38.93880844116211]
[2.1956076622009277]
[8.264538764953613]
[14.421748161315918]
[731.8401489257812]
[77.76618957519531]
[1.5443203449249268]
[1.803047776222229]
[1.532996416091919]
[50.904884338378906]
[2.121030569076538]
[8.349041938781738]
[2.1553049087524414]
[21.846572875976562]
[400.1805725097656]
[3.898543357849121]
[4.655690670013428]
[3.1662344932556152]
[6.847242832183838]
[2.0872087478637695]
[13.322576522827148]
[140.26243591308594]
[86.25731658935547]
[48.787071228027344]
[4.663642406463623]
[1.875917911529541]
[3.445784330368042]
[2.0655159950256348]
[60.137454986572266]
[3.0153603553771973]
[83.69233703613281]
[5.155550479888916]
[0.14584992825984955]
[5.132717132568359]
[1.6202919483184814]
[107.1729965209961]
[2.096798896789551]
[74.3352279663086]
[2.030461072921753]
[2.575042724609375]
[2.0212819576263428]
[11.3607816696167]
[142.8703155517578]
[3.0331900119781494]
[11.138213157653809]
[5.074850082397461]
[1.5073856115341187]
[15.168888092041016]
[1.9826394319534302]
[27.300527572631836]
[1.5168038606643677]
[46.90052795410156]
[26.302223205566406]
[64.9162826538086]
[3.179177761077881]
[24.747621536254883]
[133.63340759277344]
[167.76934814453125]
[56.61466979980469]
[7.936694145202637]
[63.40663146972656]
[2.1657073497772217]
[532.2471313476562]
[4.8879194259643555]
[129.66067504882812]
[8.911822319030762]
[58.91807174682617]
[84.01142883300781]
[536.4955444335938]
[9.88288688659668]
[14.989280700683594]
[1.4760879278182983]
[5.7139763832092285]
[78.74624633789062]
[1468.1463623046875]
[4.746747970581055]
[12.528407096862793]
[71.25238800048828]
[3.0949738025665283]
[2.4138529300689697]
[3.0584230422973633]
[44.2365837097168]
[2.341811180114746]
[71.2769546508789]
[1.5819048881530762]
[0.14697296917438507]
[50.36075210571289]
[5.588987350463867]
[146.94427490234375]
[81.82318115234375]
[37.088653564453125]
[7.169069290161133]
[45.860233306884766]
[18.14600372314453]
[25.91823959350586]
[3.130307197570801]
[7.460455417633057]
[70.2934341430664]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[52.28129959106445]
[2.613431930541992]
[2.6189124584198]
[5.639972686767578]
[3.8244028091430664]
[2.6118438243865967]
[2.6019349098205566]
[2.588175058364868]
[0.34850919246673584]
[4.154377460479736]
[46.0571174621582]
[46.31785202026367]
[13.613879203796387]
[2.517209529876709]
[2.514827251434326]
[1425.74755859375]
[5.329241752624512]
[156.8495330810547]
[115.5249252319336]
[486.71649169921875]
[3.604447841644287]
[74.3814926147461]
[2.4776337146759033]
[1.476028561592102]
[10.466426849365234]
[5.926767349243164]
[2.4587202072143555]
[95.62240600585938]
[4.578857898712158]
[151.61143493652344]
[151.93807983398438]
[57.4413948059082]
[2.681637763977051]
[2.4358413219451904]
[7.813814163208008]
[2.442793846130371]
[2.9057037830352783]
[68.10154724121094]
[8.361088752746582]
[9982.0390625]
[2.6735494136810303]
[131.10150146484375]
[39.13371276855469]
[11689.1875]
[4982.357421875]
[8.031197547912598]
[1.6009994745254517]
[2.379384994506836]
[2.187427282333374]
[4.785961151123047]
[3.299013614654541]
[5.975969314575195]
[6.696195602416992]
[11.261197090148926]
[42.954959869384766]
[3.078101396560669]
[18.74139976501465]
[2.3773980140686035]
[101.96444702148438]
[2.3743081092834473]
[3.364274263381958]
[293.4906311035156]
[2.4831900596618652]
[9.816656112670898]
[2.5002243518829346]
[67.42017364501953]
[20.827442169189453]
[2.463671922683716]
[9.289363861083984]
[316.5278625488281]
[590.54052734375]
[5.5438971519470215]
[2.424032688140869]
[2.882998466491699]
[2.4446582794189453]
[150.5181427001953]
[5.122133731842041]
[2.361642360687256]
[2.367302179336548]
[53.38054275512695]
[2.300821542739868]
[5.584628105163574]
[2.2561354637145996]
[9.0042085647583]
[24.046951293945312]
[1.7343101501464844]
[5.729730129241943]
[4.766598701477051]
[5325.76318359375]
[16.129653930664062]
[8.2157564163208]
[8.57626724243164]
[2.0886054039001465]
[2.085226058959961]
[4.586724758148193]
[3.0109949111938477]
[2.0532331466674805]
[1736.7113037109375]
[1.768264651298523]
[1.9680622816085815]
[1.954953908920288]
[2.7302517890930176]
[414.85565185546875]
[745.1810913085938]
[11.870087623596191]
[33517.0546875]
[5.091796875]
[1.5668814182281494]
[57.4693603515625]
[71.58818054199219]
[88.88053894042969]
[1.7475028038024902]
[45.86106491088867]
[3.8326783180236816]
[57.5896110534668]
[2.3510687351226807]
[43.53816223144531]
[6.545901298522949]
[3.702967882156372]
[210.0986785888672]
[1.8605246543884277]
[3.7412402629852295]
[30.063486099243164]
[1585.856201171875]
[2.296738624572754]
[2.3796324729919434]
[2.399383783340454]
[14.214529991149902]
[17.652202606201172]
[55.95576477050781]
[51.963932037353516]
[6.9376606941223145]
[11.090188980102539]
[58.355587005615234]
[119.24697875976562]
[13.3750581741333]
[1.1736174821853638]
[4.391989231109619]
[2.2950026988983154]
[3.201106548309326]
[49.470428466796875]
[19.960599899291992]
[4.681811332702637]
[1.1476171016693115]
[2.3357553482055664]
[6.065032958984375]
[33.0904426574707]
[4.62314510345459]
[69.9041976928711]
[350.65191650390625]
[92.43417358398438]
[2.2861623764038086]
[4.3322553634643555]
[8.463665962219238]
[12.891142845153809]
[69.44070434570312]
[2.280484676361084]
[0.4498352110385895]
[23.534809112548828]
[1.1270595788955688]
[180.26974487304688]
[5.473384857177734]
[21776.6796875]
[16.36668586730957]
[1.1610329151153564]
[26.55803680419922]
[92.60826110839844]
[35.21873474121094]
[2.267035722732544]
[4.185130596160889]
[8.057059288024902]
[52.28778839111328]
[8.13321590423584]
[20.139978408813477]
[2.9101834297180176]
[1.115699052810669]
[171.43873596191406]
[64.39228820800781]
[437.9642639160156]
[1424.3201904296875]
[39.73613357543945]
[395.84710693359375]
[27.419660568237305]
[846.9576416015625]
[2.723728656768799]
[173.69747924804688]
[1.138964295387268]
[11.797039985656738]
[87.05322265625]
[19.420297622680664]
[2.0907294750213623]
[18.1767635345459]
[123.48844909667969]
[151.25830078125]
[2.6764566898345947]
[0.2752150893211365]
[2.7006094455718994]
[2.7376890182495117]
[2.710066318511963]
[1.1269866228103638]
[1.1519310474395752]
[3.3553922176361084]
[248.06405639648438]
[1.1516996622085571]
[49.271629333496094]
[1.2220776081085205]
[0.3079163432121277]
[43.71754837036133]
[16.079452514648438]
[3.065354824066162]
[2.684117317199707]
[2.678988456726074]
[2.64140248298645]
[2.655942678451538]
[2.638993740081787]
[6.8399834632873535]
[4.073681831359863]
[14.655552864074707]
[87.0439682006836]
[2.8307502269744873]
[5.713978290557861]
[2.9222159385681152]
[4.0339460372924805]
[5.325730800628662]
[2.596672773361206]
[2.571723222732544]
[57.9378662109375]
[10.993590354919434]
[123.61250305175781]
[17.154802322387695]
[95.69879150390625]
[17.205650329589844]
[3.2269861698150635]
[141.17642211914062]
[11.211531639099121]
[121.27381134033203]
[12.077374458312988]
[2.4431474208831787]
[44.84988784790039]
[1.1254782676696777]
[73.42972564697266]
[184.79974365234375]
[2.476773977279663]
[169.84976196289062]
[2.5332350730895996]
[59.819332122802734]
[3.9403858184814453]
[155.5229949951172]
[5.2260518074035645]
[4.693467140197754]
[2.4527013301849365]
[1.2245029211044312]
[9.345250129699707]
[2.097618341445923]
[28.072954177856445]
[4.507772445678711]
[2.5649776458740234]
[19.434648513793945]
[2.5575945377349854]
[2.550356149673462]
[2.5393269062042236]
[1.145127773284912]
[4.549670219421387]
[246.11376953125]
[2.7149765491485596]
[2.701052188873291]
[4.73500919342041]
[3.61989688873291]
[6.258006572723389]
[2.6171860694885254]
[1.0770158767700195]
[146.46563720703125]
[2.7344658374786377]
[2.602980375289917]
[1408.4493408203125]
[144.22300720214844]
[2.8518590927124023]
[1.135448694229126]
[30.67951202392578]
[4.824955940246582]
[518.1929321289062]
[1.1991485357284546]
[235.3804473876953]
[113.8641128540039]
[31.739011764526367]
[2.0811779499053955]
[66.51718139648438]
[2.6371145248413086]
[184.86480712890625]
[2.636674165725708]
[590.0775146484375]
[14.666674613952637]
[7.729361057281494]
[14.554034233093262]
[2.6324245929718018]
[2.593951463699341]
[2.6574010848999023]
[8.348033905029297]
[2.6054491996765137]
[4.101540565490723]
[4.963398456573486]
[5.6728105545043945]
[9.798293113708496]
[22.142681121826172]
[9.389244079589844]
[5.612614631652832]
[4.57526159286499]
[7.360931873321533]
[2.6853139400482178]
[23969.98046875]
[4.635560989379883]
[6.781825065612793]
[13.300756454467773]
[14.322649955749512]
[10.458673477172852]
[70.54312133789062]
[3.6432461738586426]
[22.799821853637695]
[182.86483764648438]
[68.78876495361328]
[135.04620361328125]
[5.573405742645264]
[145.4373016357422]
[1.5331181287765503]
[1778.030029296875]
[3.850780725479126]
[4.260430335998535]
[4.273739814758301]
[4.593118190765381]
[140.6786651611328]
[2.74882435798645]
[88.14994049072266]
[715.625]
[411.4146423339844]
[3.486715078353882]
[94.13514709472656]
[89.80105590820312]
[5.235280990600586]
[5.195693492889404]
[5.097914218902588]
[14.167986869812012]
[3.823169231414795]
[7.746210098266602]
[8.444683074951172]
[3.495222568511963]
[3.6093413829803467]
[11.439037322998047]
[5.005668640136719]
[2.592437982559204]
[84.97889709472656]
[3.3907415866851807]
[3.425591468811035]
[1.6419224739074707]
[2.675983190536499]
[3.359128713607788]
[13.95640754699707]
[65.23194885253906]
[10.711738586425781]
[1.617692232131958]
[7.1115641593933105]
[36.15421676635742]
[15.707529067993164]
[4.834988594055176]
[1.7042803764343262]
[5.544229030609131]
[3.6661911010742188]
[76.90238189697266]
[3.8406636714935303]
[10.663664817810059]
[792.858642578125]
[1.7197394371032715]
[4.779279708862305]
[3.408862829208374]
[3.392256498336792]
[3.3123831748962402]
[237.54351806640625]
[4.604210376739502]
[3.2323110103607178]
[4.992551803588867]
[843.3944702148438]
[4.140552520751953]
[246.13290405273438]
[3.600841999053955]
[3.0195131301879883]
[31.021455764770508]
[5.133370399475098]
[3.065722703933716]
[19.658639907836914]
[78.81350708007812]
[19.29769515991211]
[72.90074157714844]
[5.756248950958252]
[0.43444788455963135]
[1771.755615234375]
[2.4668030738830566]
[4.5367045402526855]
[12649.33984375]
[2.7463114261627197]
[2.311323404312134]
[1.4629957675933838]
[4.861188888549805]
[2.5903613567352295]
[2.5078415870666504]
[2.638916015625]
[2.666003704071045]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[86.90380096435547]
[2.742032527923584]
[26.933923721313477]
[8.033563613891602]
[2.850661039352417]
[2.8825652599334717]
[2.8050005435943604]
[2.7571659088134766]
[45.29179382324219]
[88.35990905761719]
[11.85775375366211]
[69.89625549316406]
[7.114924430847168]
[99.793701171875]
[6.5314764976501465]
[18.02434539794922]
[3.0404345989227295]
[3.0414092540740967]
[89.92709350585938]
[14.591635704040527]
[81.32678985595703]
[1.4646885395050049]
[1.512378215789795]
[1.3965849876403809]
[7.696347236633301]
[15.623835563659668]
[15.529831886291504]
[47.020145416259766]
[1.4522019624710083]
[2.8625218868255615]
[30142.130859375]
[2.7202718257904053]
[4.779019355773926]
[653.20947265625]
[4.375063419342041]
[92.36288452148438]
[64.42069244384766]
[2.2311789989471436]
[0.7204692363739014]
[71.9425277709961]
[4.708807468414307]
[35.11756134033203]
[259.2061767578125]
[0.24764108657836914]
[270.04132080078125]
[2.0729949474334717]
[29.748693466186523]
[2.0647339820861816]
[14.085733413696289]
[185.51617431640625]
[0.18530839681625366]
[7.0858354568481445]
[8.559210777282715]
[18.73539924621582]
[8.190313339233398]
[2.43302059173584]
[9.053817749023438]
[91.01858520507812]
[11832.423828125]
[2.377210855484009]
[240.5684051513672]
[42.71831130981445]
[2.481389045715332]
[1.1041514873504639]
[2.2582199573516846]
[43.65288162231445]
[17.329334259033203]
[19.148530960083008]
[47.106529235839844]
[2.3544344902038574]
[0.715334951877594]
[2.340791940689087]
[12.445722579956055]
[5.549375534057617]
[1.0429290533065796]
[619.8699340820312]
[5.0150980949401855]
[4.525591850280762]
[740.1749267578125]
[2.358954668045044]
[2.3705332279205322]
[5.349182605743408]
[107.08241271972656]
[1.1103037595748901]
[1.0221019983291626]
[11.974029541015625]
[19.58661460876465]
[15.534549713134766]
[6.034297943115234]
[49.764244079589844]
[5.547110557556152]
[2.446207046508789]
[3.513943672180176]
[45.62739562988281]
[14.538182258605957]
[68.40604400634766]
[7.226469039916992]
[50.469383239746094]
[2.4732718467712402]
[9.406506538391113]
[2.8934497833251953]
[157.1909637451172]
[2.4304757118225098]
[22.982166290283203]
[24.437082290649414]
[1303.2322998046875]
[2.5076980590820312]
[324.4336242675781]
[2.456048011779785]
[386.429443359375]
[2.5011627674102783]
[597.7533569335938]
[4.282534599304199]
[21.663894653320312]
[5.43315315246582]
[132.74203491210938]
[29.60439682006836]
[70.35737609863281]
[162.34552001953125]
[4.502538681030273]
[60.482154846191406]
[17.03640365600586]
[150.11138916015625]
[3.3227853775024414]
[239.24209594726562]
[4.866239547729492]
[13.938488006591797]
[82.47000885009766]
[2.2944884300231934]
[2.438262939453125]
[2.976881742477417]
[134.68846130371094]
[1.0500751733779907]
[2.468381881713867]
[35.321815490722656]
[4.356644153594971]
[2.6522610187530518]
[2.8591268062591553]
[2.5497870445251465]
[4.477243423461914]
[6.418458938598633]
[72.47039031982422]
[4.46067476272583]
[4.4488019943237305]
[2.241246223449707]
[30.704296112060547]
[46.24909591674805]
[1.0642597675323486]
[2.11808705329895]
[13.435375213623047]
[3.6915881633758545]
[108.8412857055664]
[143.5184326171875]
[27.356435775756836]
[43.564613342285156]
[28.413137435913086]
[61.73772430419922]
[4.1036272048950195]
[13.069271087646484]
[2.6352670192718506]
[8.487167358398438]
[2.4938883781433105]
[0.8339022994041443]
[2.0741074085235596]
[43.9286994934082]
[48.553096771240234]
[75.90506744384766]
[11.974084854125977]
[1220.287841796875]
[2.5885403156280518]
[4.209466934204102]
[62.894287109375]
[2.563769578933716]
[2.334721326828003]
[5.839842319488525]
[2.4689111709594727]
[7.014418125152588]
[2.5604443550109863]
[1.9901604652404785]
[4.541898250579834]
[15.300471305847168]
[2.513254165649414]
[30.944917678833008]
[42.7775764465332]
[34.359161376953125]
[14.455488204956055]
[4.511847972869873]
[2.4240164756774902]
[49.59343338012695]
[9.861041069030762]
[2.441929578781128]
[14272.3466796875]
[494.1166076660156]
[7.379196643829346]
[0.2271665334701538]
[53.91385269165039]
[12.7476224899292]
[245.7013702392578]
[4.729570388793945]
[316.0718994140625]
[6.163346767425537]
[2.9548797607421875]
[1.4179356098175049]
[4.219439506530762]
[3.2277286052703857]
[1.4908486604690552]
[3.3235597610473633]
[3.0730044841766357]
[3.4019601345062256]
[8.011617660522461]
[40.771507263183594]
[810.6941528320312]
[8.742152214050293]
[6.693971633911133]
[14.322044372558594]
[139.91751098632812]
[24.823579788208008]
[3.3213024139404297]
[6.277694225311279]
[49.0169677734375]
[3.2602148056030273]
[255.80079650878906]
[4.135636806488037]
[3.1391491889953613]
[102.9564437866211]
[5.5875959396362305]
[2.132530927658081]
[3.013714075088501]
[7.198636054992676]
[4.260228157043457]
[126.48400115966797]
[4.531100749969482]
[2.868353843688965]
[102.7024154663086]
[446.37066650390625]
[954.6657104492188]
[11.105203628540039]
[1.6232892274856567]
[2.882310152053833]
[15.776461601257324]
[1.6978663206100464]
[363.65447998046875]
[74.1973648071289]
[2.6576638221740723]
[1776.3670654296875]
[2.54282546043396]
[2.579850196838379]
[1716.3597412109375]
[1.667188286781311]
[13.41943359375]
[2.432177782058716]
[1.6500277519226074]
[1606.7806396484375]
[2.434629440307617]
[1.5768802165985107]
[6.600942611694336]
[370.565673828125]
[64.15107727050781]
[67.94561004638672]
[3.9585318565368652]
[2.3279306888580322]
[26.619735717773438]
[2.161811113357544]
[13.027220726013184]
[123.70030212402344]
[477.6943054199219]
[3.676680088043213]
[9.399269104003906]
[101.18394470214844]
[17.32622718811035]
[26.03704833984375]
[4.528284549713135]
[482.7451171875]
[11.629192352294922]
[33.21747589111328]
[4.838834285736084]
[68.0614013671875]
[73.01077270507812]
[2.4793994426727295]
[1.2028106451034546]
[0.36670342087745667]
[17.770462036132812]
[18.87392807006836]
[40.99070358276367]
[2.348282814025879]
[8.865350723266602]
[43.7004508972168]
[1.975946307182312]
[11.411333084106445]
[488.7840576171875]
[5.871471405029297]
[2.412597417831421]
[2.1317663192749023]
[26.214153289794922]
[8.080351829528809]
[31.376598358154297]
[2.5281474590301514]
[156.37890625]
[53.37077713012695]
[4.109182357788086]
[3.1315648555755615]
[15.299134254455566]
[2.391547203063965]
[15.254857063293457]
[3.235038995742798]
[138.87704467773438]
[5927.62109375]
[0.3463824391365051]
[6.284151554107666]
[17.4003963470459]
[24.052719116210938]
[18.593284606933594]
[2.2738823890686035]
[81.55227661132812]
[87.20184326171875]
[43.009361267089844]
[1.3917837142944336]
[2.379091501235962]
[10.045121192932129]
[26.361967086791992]
[280.4048767089844]
[638.3135375976562]
[544.4557495117188]
[2.4290475845336914]
[10.385814666748047]
[4.489684104919434]
[6.722337245941162]
[1.9678764343261719]
[1418.2197265625]
[12.7462797164917]
[1.926335334777832]
[1.3711527585983276]
[6.783827304840088]
[24.87976837158203]
[626.9163818359375]
[1389.924072265625]
[3.2891266345977783]
[1.435903787612915]
[2.3986399173736572]
[4.894420146942139]
[239.80743408203125]
[3.741973876953125]
[3.536806344985962]
[2.1814708709716797]
[2.315392017364502]
[0.5265030264854431]
[65.69499206542969]
[2.3775787353515625]
[2.2680861949920654]
[462.4049072265625]
[176.17137145996094]
[2.3576090335845947]
[8.932696342468262]
[3.7120447158813477]
[10793.869140625]
[2.074659824371338]
[1.9720938205718994]
[3.4380970001220703]
[64.70939636230469]
[162.66717529296875]
[2.3407132625579834]
[2.4113378524780273]
[5.553366661071777]
[105.73943328857422]
[120.274169921875]
[4.493051052093506]
[2.3752100467681885]
[2.2271320819854736]
[2.359220027923584]
[13.75823974609375]
[13.807878494262695]
[4.242485523223877]
[7.19326639175415]
[9.912978172302246]
[30.748125076293945]
[2.239030361175537]
[8984.7919921875]
[1.3055236339569092]
[486.0448913574219]
[2.2237024307250977]
[0.30043473839759827]
[1.8112428188323975]
[111.93394470214844]
[25.814189910888672]
[437.6988525390625]
[14.575145721435547]
[51.90730285644531]
[3.1159067153930664]
[6.625810146331787]
[3.217115879058838]
[70.09967803955078]
[2.3802707195281982]
[2.1739461421966553]
[494.7025146484375]
[80.50703430175781]
[2.014183282852173]
[58.01435089111328]
[648.7660522460938]
[0.3392491936683655]
[39.633548736572266]
[2.2749078273773193]
[2.236476182937622]
[2.202948570251465]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.244983434677124]
[101.36650085449219]
[1.3226133584976196]
[1300.7674560546875]
[3.220144271850586]
[56.783939361572266]
[3.3034775257110596]
[10.304407119750977]
[26.53472328186035]
[70.43292236328125]
[2.247842788696289]
[303.501708984375]
[14.62143325805664]
[2.2143805027008057]
[1.883076786994934]
[1.5723216533660889]
[2.3042800426483154]
[7.84249210357666]
[10.718600273132324]
[3.018125057220459]
[1272.613037109375]
[72.91659545898438]
[20.155168533325195]
[2.2241339683532715]
[2.3170249462127686]
[83.37139892578125]
[322.7275085449219]
[2.26119065284729]
[4.9685750007629395]
[867.6973266601562]
[0.540721595287323]
[145.2328643798828]
[1.716496467590332]
[6.530452728271484]
[1.3122727870941162]
[1.356758713722229]
[3811.076171875]
[50.83845138549805]
[74.37461853027344]
[19.102283477783203]
[2.29248046875]
[36.154117584228516]
[1.9132357835769653]
[139.16827392578125]
[6.367026329040527]
[67.78235626220703]
[2.4424517154693604]
[6.776622295379639]
[35.620826721191406]
[2.435105323791504]
[4.951511383056641]
[53.20096206665039]
[32.647438049316406]
[9.922231674194336]
[1.6056873798370361]
[2.6208231449127197]
[133.36077880859375]
[117.55138397216797]
[2.4377002716064453]
[6.319124221801758]
[2.794647216796875]
[112.3869400024414]
[23.19860076904297]
[3.8843016624450684]
[3.3778417110443115]
[4.6999359130859375]
[64.5722427368164]
[7.882120132446289]
[54.06724548339844]
[3.593007802963257]
[0.27418872714042664]
[26.184368133544922]
[1.242021918296814]
[7.672390937805176]
[535.703369140625]
[30.15340805053711]
[3.247720956802368]
[6.733551502227783]
[12.417001724243164]
[0.2823953628540039]
[2.526824712753296]
[33.8466911315918]
[12.674729347229004]
[3.284881830215454]
[2.7539262771606445]
[14.615875244140625]
[1.222989559173584]
[3518.614990234375]
[1.366563320159912]
[589.3857421875]
[6.501719951629639]
[2.7095301151275635]
[5.869524955749512]
[2.305556297302246]
[2.27624773979187]
[76.67224884033203]
[8.135074615478516]
[2.6763200759887695]
[2.694464683532715]
[69.75807189941406]
[17.094751358032227]
[121.61725616455078]
[2.8950681686401367]
[47.95933532714844]
[3.150801181793213]
[2.6630141735076904]
[150.3994140625]
[71.4686508178711]
[2.2313613891601562]
[54.10292053222656]
[50.39213943481445]
[2.689662218093872]
[186.8339385986328]
[2.050884485244751]
[9.278827667236328]
[9.900716781616211]
[148.17910766601562]
[3.8469126224517822]
[6.92782735824585]
[69.6696548461914]
[73.2012710571289]
[3.1478259563446045]
[15.69267463684082]
[2.877659559249878]
[102.06598663330078]
[459.713134765625]
[2.2308521270751953]
[406.0296630859375]
[12.587209701538086]
[2.6826846599578857]
[29.102174758911133]
[5.798719882965088]
[83.14413452148438]
[4.707657814025879]
[12.770074844360352]
[28.310888290405273]
[3.729823589324951]
[502.8896484375]
[8.396926879882812]
[3.3908679485321045]
[29.031322479248047]
[9.634180068969727]
[470.0273132324219]
[3.4199907779693604]
[0.13851484656333923]
[1.1949199438095093]
[7.975749492645264]
[1.1974070072174072]
[3.3262240886688232]
[2.684019088745117]
[331.3995361328125]
[4.15624475479126]
[130.47940063476562]
[4.248073577880859]
[3.6393556594848633]
[18.60403823852539]
[3.1494596004486084]
[1.8376809358596802]
[1.8799901008605957]
[3.977295160293579]
[6.729694366455078]
[68.9715805053711]
[14.931872367858887]
[2.6364498138427734]
[22.122520446777344]
[78.4321060180664]
[1095.7283935546875]
[4.216753959655762]
[216.50169372558594]
[1.1878418922424316]
[3393.47900390625]
[275.72442626953125]
[8.635211944580078]
[319.8812561035156]
[5.785780429840088]
[100.613037109375]
[356.3251647949219]
[4.42683219909668]
[1.1413688659667969]
[6.066493034362793]
[3.301633596420288]
[5.61182975769043]
[3.490701198577881]
[18.7252197265625]
[3.199845314025879]
[7.9412522315979]
[3.3005826473236084]
[1.717984676361084]
[13.048598289489746]
[118.04198455810547]
[3.4088737964630127]
[1.0927958488464355]
[9.813036918640137]
[1.219443917274475]
[3.2754383087158203]
[73.2800521850586]
[51.48386764526367]
[9.918652534484863]
[1.0688998699188232]
[3.1698434352874756]
[11.434525489807129]
[2.591789960861206]
[1.126449465751648]
[0.4138433337211609]
[14.333945274353027]
[7.453368663787842]
[292.7550354003906]
[5.694011688232422]
[486.2137451171875]
[15.285247802734375]
[8.385346412658691]
[397.5555114746094]
[3.1644070148468018]
[3.0957491397857666]
[241.02285766601562]
[15.500863075256348]
[3.1017725467681885]
[42.31077194213867]
[8.76775074005127]
[83.26580047607422]
[42.043174743652344]
[3.1206564903259277]
[6.379141330718994]
[125.9541244506836]
[21270.80078125]
[2.433295488357544]
[11.586481094360352]
[2751.515380859375]
[3.3939592838287354]
[47.484195709228516]
[67.27156829833984]
[1.7666711807250977]
[77.06819152832031]
[3.0204434394836426]
[11.333558082580566]
[3.5886430740356445]
[66.08877563476562]
[5.168641567230225]
[2.7700083255767822]
[3.0852692127227783]
[4.63400411605835]
[1.8245558738708496]
[1.0070176124572754]
[1.1516181230545044]
[241.0016632080078]
[2.7928647994995117]
[3.1007232666015625]
[4.500751972198486]
[20.833030700683594]
[2.2388410568237305]
[12.354740142822266]
[1200.27099609375]
[6.884565353393555]
[5.005008697509766]
[429.3850402832031]
[48.11708068847656]
[4.213852405548096]
[5.4394941329956055]
[36.2784538269043]
[2.994034767150879]
[73.1338882446289]
[6.702889442443848]
[13663.5224609375]
[300.3951721191406]
[208.41261291503906]
[3.1701455116271973]
[3.200319766998291]
[1.6675925254821777]
[3.2460317611694336]
[50.69780349731445]
[1.019416093826294]
[28.843177795410156]
[6.131214141845703]
[40.267127990722656]
[293.0609436035156]
[19.29703712463379]
[7.498434543609619]
[105.00550842285156]
[3.3175241947174072]
[13.756962776184082]
[10.105267524719238]
[18.552513122558594]
[102.30046844482422]
[1.7192779779434204]
[94.25788116455078]
[5.644347667694092]
[22.43258285522461]
[86.91183471679688]
[22.703645706176758]
[3.9707162380218506]
[55.935791015625]
[7.269417762756348]
[3.231663465499878]
[18.48418617248535]
[0.9344853758811951]
[7.611812114715576]
[16.776365280151367]
[14.517784118652344]
[8.852542877197266]
[3.3814892768859863]
[4.3077239990234375]
[3.5826501846313477]
[54.1539421081543]
[3.6638262271881104]
[0.9706887602806091]
[5.284695625305176]
[469.3180847167969]
[3.3285751342773438]
[11.559761047363281]
[10.689726829528809]
[31.438457489013672]
[332.58612060546875]
[57.05924987792969]
[1.80698561668396]
[56.24178695678711]
[2.1541054248809814]
[12.265628814697266]
[3.2185747623443604]
[5.194482803344727]
[2.663954257965088]
[158.25018310546875]
[3.1818790435791016]
[160.67108154296875]
[2.3807473182678223]
[4.919130802154541]
[3.1634252071380615]
[53.01717758178711]
[317.2226257324219]
[460.4643859863281]
[3.013547420501709]
[7806.89501953125]
[33.01398849487305]
[2.1158084869384766]
[15.601923942565918]
[23.37982749938965]
[6.874180316925049]
[5.127971172332764]
[49.98735427856445]
[133.02377319335938]
[2.726757764816284]
[2.6764893531799316]
[41.030521392822266]
[77.17574310302734]
[26.55740737915039]
[2.656689167022705]
[825.4822387695312]
[2.674387216567993]
[5.334710121154785]
[2.660640239715576]
[2.7240450382232666]
[4.668947219848633]
[79.04893493652344]
[71.43972778320312]
[16.1778621673584]
[2.8520443439483643]
[762.8032836914062]
[34.10448455810547]
[5.148664474487305]
[0.9170594811439514]
[1529.3643798828125]
[366.95880126953125]
[97.26083374023438]
[0.7186245918273926]
[4.059632778167725]
[3.535977840423584]
[0.22087211906909943]
[144.2995147705078]
[1.5729527473449707]
[1.9324347972869873]
[54.78371047973633]
[3.106682062149048]
[1.6819404363632202]
[3.184002161026001]
[3.770702838897705]
[118.34326934814453]
[1.6852165460586548]
[4.527966499328613]
[10041.1015625]
[0.953081488609314]
[1.5903106927871704]
[3.2181601524353027]
[2.2588090896606445]
[51.74161148071289]
[36.6972541809082]
[3.7790632247924805]
[30.094736099243164]
[98.62255096435547]
[3.1799240112304688]
[3.1688144207000732]
[3.5605156421661377]
[3.237529993057251]
[3.2208402156829834]
[33.750980377197266]
[2.7090210914611816]
[3.1645493507385254]
[4.389857292175293]
[3.0340750217437744]
[4.687197685241699]
[3.0500409603118896]
[4.641949653625488]
[927.1034545898438]
[1.374755859375]
[38.685489654541016]
[2.157911777496338]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[19.671184539794922]
[34.249351501464844]
[43.863197326660156]
[12.583288192749023]
[72.92606353759766]
[70.95071411132812]
[25.581300735473633]
[10.850776672363281]
[2.9189908504486084]
[2.9694783687591553]
[20.676790237426758]
[340.5357360839844]
[98.27899169921875]
[1.512757420539856]
[10.16360855102539]
[2.8942489624023438]
[132.3327178955078]
[13.331047058105469]
[1164.165771484375]
[21.265077590942383]
[16.45819664001465]
[33.991661071777344]
[28.387800216674805]
[3.018568992614746]
[31.4025821685791]
[539.4961547851562]
[1048.280517578125]
[5.256498336791992]
[3.053811550140381]
[14.2055025100708]
[14.157096862792969]
[2.8307743072509766]
[101.1499252319336]
[36.76627731323242]
[1.008487343788147]
[16.090368270874023]
[3.8368477821350098]
[26.535737991333008]
[10.91183853149414]
[1.353777289390564]
[9.374899864196777]
[900.91943359375]
[3.0604140758514404]
[3.560728073120117]
[1.599267840385437]
[24.083412170410156]
[6.7949137687683105]
[6.840273380279541]
[2.3611087799072266]
[15.732832908630371]
[3.202662467956543]
[3.2459959983825684]
[3.388744831085205]
[3.2366318702697754]
[4.033600807189941]
[16.230472564697266]
[916.7877197265625]
[11.169529914855957]
[3.1589715480804443]
[34.72921371459961]
[331.8846130371094]
[212.3998565673828]
[67.68762969970703]
[2.885469436645508]
[3.683462142944336]
[5.446719169616699]
[4.252963542938232]
[7.781256198883057]
[3.5958750247955322]
[455.9884033203125]
[39.363929748535156]
[0.9319146871566772]
[58.239402770996094]
[1.5925837755203247]
[3.502347469329834]
[299.6933898925781]
[1.003138780593872]
[1060.384521484375]
[50.94902801513672]
[43.766212463378906]
[18.132892608642578]
[1.4438554048538208]
[4.973872184753418]
[70.67505645751953]
[3.972898006439209]
[6984.72021484375]
[4.42851448059082]
[2.6543140411376953]
[897.4882202148438]
[5.379817008972168]
[6.434292793273926]
[78.59114837646484]
[2.5261902809143066]
[13.412601470947266]
[1.0421292781829834]
[5.093228340148926]
[6.2700514793396]
[2.906078577041626]
[15.921795845031738]
[142.61151123046875]
[14.969822883605957]
[52.27622985839844]
[3.3840436935424805]
[1.5071496963500977]
[2.3997576236724854]
[8.225571632385254]
[2.7536211013793945]
[10.798552513122559]
[6.3389058113098145]
[2.7811577320098877]
[6.311883926391602]
[2.827631950378418]
[1.4926546812057495]
[1.0425909757614136]
[533.8078002929688]
[2.795647621154785]
[1.797186017036438]
[1.0794446468353271]
[8.301192283630371]
[10.530163764953613]
[2.684643507003784]
[52.36715316772461]
[15.725336074829102]
[1.7429841756820679]
[4.109954357147217]
[2.7238223552703857]
[5.128086090087891]
[67.69681549072266]
[2.7103493213653564]
[2.9709105491638184]
[5.6462483406066895]
[2.5905773639678955]
[83.8196792602539]
[0.3370172381401062]
[10.539285659790039]
[4.585318088531494]
[2.664377212524414]
[5.291196346282959]
[1.5529768466949463]
[53937.8984375]
[4.534397125244141]
[89.33880615234375]
[3.1426901817321777]
[5.338215351104736]
[3.7155685424804688]
[4.483346462249756]
[4.897972106933594]
[21.562854766845703]
[4.5072126388549805]
[1.2178536653518677]
[0.3515927791595459]
[21.44792938232422]
[8.805356979370117]
[5.424135208129883]
[143.84201049804688]
[344.6658935546875]
[37.389530181884766]
[10.258220672607422]
[6.064777851104736]
[1.5521597862243652]
[5.366208076477051]
[3.682417869567871]
[7.660928726196289]
[217.2806854248047]
[5.169409275054932]
[1.4645376205444336]
[5.032735824584961]
[317.6683349609375]
[923.8169555664062]
[5.0009050369262695]
[9.961742401123047]
[4.851946830749512]
[0.9200159311294556]
[53.848899841308594]
[4.487647533416748]
[16.805435180664062]
[60.0681266784668]
[4.301111698150635]
[105.77352905273438]
[4.463677883148193]
[777.9703979492188]
[4.075582504272461]
[3.9247775077819824]
[1.8260672092437744]
[170.74642944335938]
[0.4767408072948456]
[38.0026741027832]
[13.081620216369629]
[9.471863746643066]
[11.668964385986328]
[668.738037109375]
[15.401763916015625]
[12.240418434143066]
[36.35456848144531]
[12222.2685546875]
[1365.02783203125]
[3.1107289791107178]
[7.046199321746826]
[6.259453296661377]
[43.594757080078125]
[11.750932693481445]
[1.208078384399414]
[963.4071044921875]
[3.011667251586914]
[47.475807189941406]
[46.12297058105469]
[35.14778518676758]
[3.0265064239501953]
[41.03889465332031]
[17.45612144470215]
[3.6118361949920654]
[5.9611921310424805]
[255.8451385498047]
[4.937418460845947]
[27.911420822143555]
[902.0926513671875]
[90.50918579101562]
[2.6198806762695312]
[61.226314544677734]
[55.2615852355957]
[1.048406958580017]
[3.633760929107666]
[1.0392539501190186]
[853.8966674804688]
[5.928098201751709]
[2.415945291519165]
[34.218048095703125]
[2.7441937923431396]
[4.9615702629089355]
[257.4822998046875]
[2.8970165252685547]
[438.69757080078125]
[10.277752876281738]
[2.647899866104126]
[305.2841491699219]
[251.3983154296875]
[16.5620174407959]
[0.9735015034675598]
[5.794851303100586]
[5.395082473754883]
[271.7051696777344]
[5.853643417358398]
[2.756622076034546]
[2.7572269439697266]
[24.786584854125977]
[91.10749816894531]
[1.5504721403121948]
[8.746072769165039]
[11.818305969238281]
[23.2183895111084]
[47.8908576965332]
[83.40168762207031]
[1.959940791130066]
[2.727675199508667]
[6.133002758026123]
[9.147087097167969]
[1.445456862449646]
[3.0037713050842285]
[7.454909801483154]
[3.9522833824157715]
[285.25213623046875]
[3.3048672676086426]
[21.428932189941406]
[336.8374328613281]
[101.1204605102539]
[5.850376605987549]
[4.563663482666016]
[38.089656829833984]
[3.251199245452881]
[0.9197039604187012]
[2.5806281566619873]
[2.541027784347534]
[2.5125863552093506]
[0.8896695971488953]
[50.47528839111328]
[2.626702308654785]
[2.625962495803833]
[14.36945915222168]
[5.164365768432617]
[39.256195068359375]
[5.241489887237549]
[3.631014108657837]
[1649.4638671875]
[2.1055502891540527]
[2.6008739471435547]
[2.5680387020111084]
[24.469371795654297]
[2.5721940994262695]
[0.9437318444252014]
[2.551176071166992]
[0.9595473408699036]
[5.2533440589904785]
[0.9607397317886353]
[4.969449043273926]
[768.934326171875]
[129.2377471923828]
[1.3636443614959717]
[4.081934928894043]
[2.0863044261932373]
[758.588134765625]
[2.4384026527404785]
[6.408383846282959]
[1.9979264736175537]
[61.871185302734375]
[2.3995189666748047]
[2.3877148628234863]
[10.805737495422363]
[77.7405014038086]
[6.306670665740967]
[2.3670918941497803]
[0.9517329335212708]
[0.9211023449897766]
[7.9743547439575195]
[3.532984972000122]
[0.19091083109378815]
[39.210105895996094]
[2.2481377124786377]
[296.9745788574219]
[2.5848968029022217]
[2.9844045639038086]
[184.16659545898438]
[296.9949645996094]
[4.588669776916504]
[3.3110272884368896]
[9.409557342529297]
[411.6134338378906]
[285.0040588378906]
[2.3342020511627197]
[88.35604858398438]
[18.944087982177734]
[0.8839001655578613]
[5.3925604820251465]
[42.18228530883789]
[68.34172058105469]
[45.72837448120117]
[2.427454948425293]
[7.1896233558654785]
[1.7535022497177124]
[14.54383659362793]
[245.82044982910156]
[754.0106811523438]
[40.9167594909668]
[1.368599534034729]
[4.594348907470703]
[4.081269264221191]
[11.31209945678711]
[0.9491356015205383]
[113.05772399902344]
[6913.0732421875]
[21.092613220214844]
[20.873823165893555]
[7.3411359786987305]
[2.6209030151367188]
[4.641879558563232]
[29.700796127319336]
[4.183448314666748]
[4.559542655944824]
[0.2058412879705429]
[47.34526062011719]
[189.01300048828125]
[187.64585876464844]
[8.390154838562012]
[2.802039861679077]
[4.962806224822998]
[58.263553619384766]
[283.1897277832031]
[20.059114456176758]
[0.9414337873458862]
[0.8720337748527527]
[0.9462080597877502]
[4.1098713874816895]
[2.2432472705841064]
[126.22622680664062]
[3.5609312057495117]
[0.9108012914657593]
[2.603959083557129]
[2.5702266693115234]
[29.151166915893555]
[2.59124755859375]
[2.550532579421997]
[48.40495300292969]
[8.130101203918457]
[15469.1572265625]
[699.50439453125]
[70.74573516845703]
[25.339811325073242]
[2.6212384700775146]
[7.011235237121582]
[60.72398376464844]
[207.77268981933594]
[2.13737416267395]
[2.6298372745513916]
[28.747896194458008]
[76.58985900878906]
[14.707444190979004]
[14.907038688659668]
[16.458541870117188]
[0.8512766361236572]
[7.2841949462890625]
[2.6578261852264404]
[16.35906219482422]
[10.96379280090332]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[48.12506866455078]
[5.974637508392334]
[2.686302423477173]
[5.6067399978637695]
[3.313704252243042]
[432.1676025390625]
[2.142148971557617]
[4.7208685874938965]
[4.243405818939209]
[0.9070861339569092]
[103.64175415039062]
[3.727419376373291]
[56.3511962890625]
[12.36111068725586]
[1.2529897689819336]
[1.4203044176101685]
[2.6259396076202393]
[3.416546583175659]
[2.52771258354187]
[9.712806701660156]
[1.5194180011749268]
[30.66302490234375]
[2.565474271774292]
[3.8053011894226074]
[2.1579368114471436]
[24.291379928588867]
[2.122018337249756]
[5.9246063232421875]
[32.99504852294922]
[1779.810302734375]
[28682.29296875]
[2.3909084796905518]
[3.0202770233154297]
[2.362678289413452]
[65.62171936035156]
[39.80034255981445]
[3.7766809463500977]
[2.4873228073120117]
[173.41567993164062]
[2.116236448287964]
[63.657230377197266]
[2.7224745750427246]
[2.9446516036987305]
[99.75653076171875]
[99.7826156616211]
[2.670759677886963]
[2.9101521968841553]
[2.993363618850708]
[3.0576789379119873]
[43.832969665527344]
[3.0520107746124268]
[229.24000549316406]
[167.27810668945312]
[37.511940002441406]
[2.952754259109497]
[48.086822509765625]
[3.1774778366088867]
[4.008101940155029]
[8.446370124816895]
[5.565479278564453]
[10.984509468078613]
[6.948333740234375]
[23.239492416381836]
[122.11730194091797]
[23.280454635620117]
[353.9415588378906]
[5.001255035400391]
[10.407143592834473]
[2.3611154556274414]
[2.9388532638549805]
[2.327115774154663]
[109.16940307617188]
[2.4884088039398193]
[14.204172134399414]
[1.5222105979919434]
[7.148519992828369]
[60.091121673583984]
[2.4622256755828857]
[2.4027605056762695]
[2.4035778045654297]
[4.101993560791016]
[4120.1884765625]
[4016.643798828125]
[58.731170654296875]
[14.139961242675781]
[395.15155029296875]
[2.1984167098999023]
[49.858970642089844]
[1.2104861736297607]
[0.39087796211242676]
[1.335060715675354]
[25.490760803222656]
[59.33842849731445]
[1.2110382318496704]
[31.539148330688477]
[345.3260192871094]
[39.391475677490234]
[1.0081360340118408]
[2.8402645587921143]
[21.302898406982422]
[10.063399314880371]
[2.184633731842041]
[1.2337489128112793]
[110.61589813232422]
[60.598140716552734]
[11.130184173583984]
[2.168821096420288]
[148.35235595703125]
[79.81170654296875]
[1.899961233139038]
[2.9297783374786377]
[8.449573516845703]
[2.845660924911499]
[11.712787628173828]
[1.7702910900115967]
[1.1465908288955688]
[9.735041618347168]
[5.375616550445557]
[27.720617294311523]
[59.43807601928711]
[1.6132709980010986]
[3.3575966358184814]
[8.043547630310059]
[2.1478071212768555]
[2.2118005752563477]
[3.7307207584381104]
[4.421026229858398]
[3.7392055988311768]
[4.773000717163086]
[37.39761734008789]
[305.4234313964844]
[2.1996283531188965]
[8656.2880859375]
[6.193281650543213]
[14.7636079788208]
[51.33647537231445]
[59.26966857910156]
[1.7665886878967285]
[1.2476269006729126]
[3.3990230560302734]
[2.263495445251465]
[831.2561645507812]
[2.211848258972168]
[24.334341049194336]
[13.10745620727539]
[3.7386319637298584]
[2.2286646366119385]
[7.78516960144043]
[9.380908012390137]
[9.659696578979492]
[48.94123458862305]
[2.301044225692749]
[5.5614399909973145]
[7.195888519287109]
[80.27123260498047]
[2.4382357597351074]
[15.498810768127441]
[101.73735046386719]
[75.58675384521484]
[2.845210313796997]
[3.765873432159424]
[491.10626220703125]
[110.93305969238281]
[722.6240844726562]
[33.24229431152344]
[713.5455322265625]
[361.98651123046875]
[4.6630096435546875]
[5.435853481292725]
[1.0576969385147095]
[2.378521680831909]
[66.40715026855469]
[5.5628662109375]
[23.409883499145508]
[4.934747219085693]
[69.80392456054688]
[336.5391845703125]
[2.379138231277466]
[0.2019866406917572]
[2.3660190105438232]
[36.78804016113281]
[4.170821666717529]
[34.94905471801758]
[4.987965106964111]
[20.48443031311035]
[35.96498107910156]
[19.72861099243164]
[15.936273574829102]
[2.3430612087249756]
[1.121403694152832]
[16.555370330810547]
[1.043468952178955]
[2.336919069290161]
[19.041597366333008]
[292.935302734375]
[1.2308155298233032]
[1.6294562816619873]
[2.346956729888916]
[1.6657947301864624]
[2.3579483032226562]
[48.08689498901367]
[65.33149719238281]
[2.6711297035217285]
[15.293649673461914]
[5.310043811798096]
[21.686315536499023]
[40.229679107666016]
[19.988679885864258]
[0.19948263466358185]
[2.984954595565796]
[60.528751373291016]
[67.49848937988281]
[2.464360475540161]
[13.34292221069336]
[1.0105019807815552]
[5.235599517822266]
[9.5670747756958]
[5.4873270988464355]
[9.01318645477295]
[45.83384704589844]
[1.618901252746582]
[2.4802494049072266]
[27.42724609375]
[282.26629638671875]
[2.470073938369751]
[844.1610107421875]
[2.737917423248291]
[1.2681186199188232]
[2.441542148590088]
[2.450924873352051]
[1.922226905822754]
[5.405704975128174]
[2.1129817962646484]
[5.176621913909912]
[2.7711751461029053]
[1.8811829090118408]
[2.7237517833709717]
[263.956298828125]
[3.422053337097168]
[7.348893642425537]
[9.015737533569336]
[0.35557299852371216]
[30.2824649810791]
[2.3498330116271973]
[2.3461380004882812]
[18.16779136657715]
[1.9529834985733032]
[31.31896209716797]
[10.839458465576172]
[121.00325012207031]
[50.13615417480469]
[8.723834991455078]
[10.340592384338379]
[293.8578186035156]
[2.3954899311065674]
[74.7248764038086]
[1.5600906610488892]
[2.3946704864501953]
[2.0135366916656494]
[9.71207046508789]
[2.3413703441619873]
[2.337707996368408]
[52.571815490722656]
[2.517223358154297]
[1.0105273723602295]
[970.6671752929688]
[0.12631531059741974]
[2.229887008666992]
[2.2039361000061035]
[52.25448226928711]
[34.67668914794922]
[2.0120038986206055]
[0.9672324657440186]
[4.110386371612549]
[23.747182846069336]
[25.33477210998535]
[13.361001968383789]
[3.1403510570526123]
[2.612424850463867]
[2.620393991470337]
[17.778318405151367]
[6.062680721282959]
[107.76081848144531]
[218.45855712890625]
[3.355376958847046]
[2.705247163772583]
[0.6005758047103882]
[2.6856987476348877]
[48.93846130371094]
[13.900203704833984]
[70.94383239746094]
[5.148642063140869]
[14.784913063049316]
[21.67633628845215]
[4.465578079223633]
[266.7789306640625]
[13.38852310180664]
[72.64318084716797]
[84.11540985107422]
[9.084759712219238]
[28.09284210205078]
[4.840284824371338]
[30.97295570373535]
[3.612278461456299]
[5.688169002532959]
[5.014208793640137]
[10.177672386169434]
[2.350938320159912]
[2.673776626586914]
[2.2740681171417236]
[4.834829330444336]
[1.4903616905212402]
[1.838112235069275]
[73.08659362792969]
[27.865198135375977]
[0.9656603932380676]
[16.833621978759766]
[2.0705769062042236]
[213.9411163330078]
[44.908573150634766]
[2.277168035507202]
[55.858028411865234]
[13.78727912902832]
[20.104276657104492]
[0.17933450639247894]
[2.0136806964874268]
[2.875380039215088]
[3.7723095417022705]
[5.810828685760498]
[195.6109161376953]
[1.0835890769958496]
[2.874265193939209]
[126.20748901367188]
[269.6309814453125]
[15.540139198303223]
[6.576223373413086]
[0.9922447204589844]
[9.435336112976074]
[2.7502493858337402]
[194.02622985839844]
[33.43742752075195]
[2.427133798599243]
[2.1278457641601562]
[199.05531311035156]
[2.5730035305023193]
[2424.258544921875]
[4.373586654663086]
[179.43898010253906]
[0.7601318955421448]
[8.18673324584961]
[190.7681884765625]
[2.429821252822876]
[177.56541442871094]
[1.9581396579742432]
[4.819482803344727]
[1.1669307947158813]
[9.029009819030762]
[744.1852416992188]
[53.4027099609375]
[38.638336181640625]
[27.756162643432617]
[241.7680206298828]
[123.23031616210938]
[30.8350830078125]
[628.0585327148438]
[0.8238015174865723]
[19.100059509277344]
[13.68527603149414]
[201.97494506835938]
[2.8375890254974365]
[76.8737564086914]
[15.535992622375488]
[44.79166030883789]
[0.8768065571784973]
[4.468084335327148]
[2.32193660736084]
[2.3250722885131836]
[3.714906930923462]
[25.614469528198242]
[18.66119384765625]
[0.9673055410385132]
[1.7348746061325073]
[2.2831826210021973]
[2.3226373195648193]
[181.85116577148438]
[14.479013442993164]
[2.2736282348632812]
[29.635820388793945]
[14100.9521484375]
[2.2930402755737305]
[6.602776050567627]
[24.877256393432617]
[2.389113426208496]
[276.0062255859375]
[14.8863525390625]
[4.188913345336914]
[2.4680397510528564]
[12.467083930969238]
[4.432968616485596]
[365.21539306640625]
[145.30445861816406]
[2.7607507705688477]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.776052474975586]
[108.17256164550781]
[2.7816073894500732]
[74.9272232055664]
[47.468746185302734]
[44.340904235839844]
[66.65906524658203]
[2.041548728942871]
[530.8124389648438]
[3.2303130626678467]
[4.628819465637207]
[2.6691601276397705]
[1433.13232421875]
[4.934058666229248]
[1170.3404541015625]
[2.5206267833709717]
[5.410531044006348]
[15.7675199508667]
[4.767746448516846]
[7.495416641235352]
[2.8815810680389404]
[9.35537338256836]
[12.30697250366211]
[80.61492919921875]
[33.760231018066406]
[10.541970252990723]
[1.2318071126937866]
[0.30811333656311035]
[8.476820945739746]
[2.1073670387268066]
[118.84461975097656]
[2.1072945594787598]
[2.0486998558044434]
[1.1804699897766113]
[2.4231793880462646]
[10.31057357788086]
[317.8229064941406]
[56.33548355102539]
[88.630859375]
[1.1877696514129639]
[157.68113708496094]
[2.1192662715911865]
[52.149227142333984]
[3359.5908203125]
[4.251250743865967]
[1.1587110757827759]
[6.604315757751465]
[8.130196571350098]
[5.078146457672119]
[2.0977230072021484]
[2.777670383453369]
[3.896620273590088]
[374.9610900878906]
[333.7200012207031]
[1.6936510801315308]
[8.851629257202148]
[17.833026885986328]
[2.175992965698242]
[1004.4354858398438]
[314.23187255859375]
[7.388185977935791]
[1.7303729057312012]
[94.92742919921875]
[43.30192565917969]
[3.942547559738159]
[29.205650329589844]
[1.190510630607605]
[31.274736404418945]
[16.122194290161133]
[59.67354965209961]
[3.019665479660034]
[2.0735301971435547]
[5356.87353515625]
[2.0969889163970947]
[77.35861206054688]
[1.0476465225219727]
[6.70979118347168]
[392.203125]
[337.419677734375]
[2.060007333755493]
[5.973360538482666]
[15.748920440673828]
[33.62874984741211]
[6.196544170379639]
[6.079622268676758]
[2.384660005569458]
[4.1200480461120605]
[1.246536374092102]
[268.0394592285156]
[9.969781875610352]
[2.0421864986419678]
[1.9812535047531128]
[24.91732406616211]
[2.4420909881591797]
[31.51974868774414]
[14.249473571777344]
[1.9801058769226074]
[2.456005811691284]
[8.311963081359863]
[2.3474504947662354]
[2.42055606842041]
[9.068319320678711]
[6.6126179695129395]
[7.334699630737305]
[10.24884033203125]
[1.2095900774002075]
[6.0424323081970215]
[4.161211967468262]
[4.587364196777344]
[6.4508957862854]
[2.7510735988616943]
[1.5850361585617065]
[8.117142677307129]
[2.8890302181243896]
[1.8222744464874268]
[2.5821170806884766]
[18.33999252319336]
[1201.576416015625]
[72.89019012451172]
[6.577322483062744]
[1.2323637008666992]
[32.32881546020508]
[1.2915748357772827]
[85.57968139648438]
[2.1422221660614014]
[20.031614303588867]
[118.30293273925781]
[1823.59228515625]
[2.1288516521453857]
[2.0277326107025146]
[11.573339462280273]
[5.367335796356201]
[793.9869384765625]
[4.847651958465576]
[51.296817779541016]
[2.0453734397888184]
[25.99646759033203]
[922.6168212890625]
[77.54235076904297]
[235.4176025390625]
[106.87300109863281]
[4.509122848510742]
[32.40885925292969]
[43.32441711425781]
[282.32525634765625]
[42.323204040527344]
[347.5652770996094]
[55.753936767578125]
[105.42684936523438]
[32.767730712890625]
[3.841090440750122]
[1.1214996576309204]
[2.404109239578247]
[2.5533745288848877]
[2.545051336288452]
[1091.745849609375]
[3.8828747272491455]
[222.48614501953125]
[4803.517578125]
[1.142624855041504]
[2.7261061668395996]
[49.603424072265625]
[75.22390747070312]
[28.23096466064453]
[4.578118801116943]
[4.171816825866699]
[263.13494873046875]
[3.5821754932403564]
[1964.5513916015625]
[171.69830322265625]
[28.167098999023438]
[87.2370376586914]
[51.94501876831055]
[43.184303283691406]
[90.97869873046875]
[3.4998841285705566]
[5.4884114265441895]
[11.233263969421387]
[15.094813346862793]
[3.7459604740142822]
[5.220757961273193]
[3.3359222412109375]
[21.716535568237305]
[4.549953937530518]
[26.77898597717285]
[5.9890875816345215]
[1.3596681356430054]
[143.92608642578125]
[29.714550018310547]
[1.3615732192993164]
[7.605587005615234]
[102.53425598144531]
[28.8717098236084]
[1.245755910873413]
[284.02227783203125]
[8.29946517944336]
[3.247285842895508]
[3.2128942012786865]
[3.8086154460906982]
[5.860414505004883]
[3.0596978664398193]
[454.32049560546875]
[3.017484664916992]
[2172.643310546875]
[2.9197003841400146]
[1.101723551750183]
[132.827880859375]
[1.3773590326309204]
[211.60720825195312]
[1849.61572265625]
[31.905305862426758]
[579.7029418945312]
[479.2291259765625]
[1.3699055910110474]
[4004.27978515625]
[5.013984203338623]
[74.73444366455078]
[111.15225219726562]
[6.04296875]
[16.87007713317871]
[82.19625091552734]
[2.4028146266937256]
[0.3620830178260803]
[4.535165786743164]
[1.1661033630371094]
[372.8789978027344]
[2.2569730281829834]
[2.175790786743164]
[343.7659912109375]
[3.9673125743865967]
[2.6181747913360596]
[326.9385986328125]
[2.1847448348999023]
[13.624075889587402]
[1.1235088109970093]
[2.0968940258026123]
[4.87201452255249]
[42.703304290771484]
[2.855576276779175]
[3.255261182785034]
[5.027946949005127]
[255.21319580078125]
[14.331852912902832]
[7.588963508605957]
[1.2007430791854858]
[471.6640319824219]
[1.1984676122665405]
[1.8850343227386475]
[12.15027141571045]
[9.054468154907227]
[96.71073150634766]
[3.2727725505828857]
[30.07901382446289]
[3.1876678466796875]
[9.613009452819824]
[823.856201171875]
[2.1305763721466064]
[5.074592113494873]
[1065.7061767578125]
[1.149977207183838]
[370.08038330078125]
[1.7577968835830688]
[13.383920669555664]
[4.301576614379883]
[227.21707153320312]
[1.7394963502883911]
[59.125701904296875]
[3.974147081375122]
[1.1766995191574097]
[5.5719523429870605]
[134.94041442871094]
[2.175448417663574]
[5.921262741088867]
[3.436647653579712]
[3134.4716796875]
[135.97769165039062]
[1.0752729177474976]
[75.52001953125]
[7.322231292724609]
[0.8295333385467529]
[72.3761978149414]
[973.4085083007812]
[1.1268806457519531]
[6.8317999839782715]
[13.628679275512695]
[2.4401938915252686]
[421.55889892578125]
[0.9692572951316833]
[2.356229782104492]
[57.61381530761719]
[5.328834056854248]
[1.6348695755004883]
[1.9436932802200317]
[70.03909301757812]
[2.1434824466705322]
[2.0646398067474365]
[2.529356002807617]
[2.164261817932129]
[2.0973644256591797]
[1.3857940435409546]
[174.5006866455078]
[8.872858047485352]
[9.083617210388184]
[268.1103210449219]
[303.9690856933594]
[4.526724338531494]
[1.6378436088562012]
[20.606042861938477]
[2.3718831539154053]
[14.090025901794434]
[56.465206146240234]
[2.034198045730591]
[3.2709100246429443]
[2.185255527496338]
[5.786250114440918]
[1.7703875303268433]
[1.736340045928955]
[463.3518371582031]
[1.5932575464248657]
[11.622243881225586]
[16.754405975341797]
[91.34783172607422]
[0.9782423973083496]
[0.33405330777168274]
[0.7770718932151794]
[0.9930800795555115]
[320.8032531738281]
[20.72028350830078]
[1129.9365234375]
[290.05560302734375]
[290.7185974121094]
[1.670225977897644]
[2.0392959117889404]
[1.670838475227356]
[9.23873519897461]
[4.293444633483887]
[30.577434539794922]
[37.72259521484375]
[2.120793342590332]
[2.0246846675872803]
[184.7033233642578]
[14.746587753295898]
[42.70365905761719]
[34.29664611816406]
[887.1593627929688]
[59.77511215209961]
[287.1939697265625]
[4.474590301513672]
[3.763873338699341]
[7.724584579467773]
[206.16355895996094]
[2.1128222942352295]
[1.080607295036316]
[868.7927856445312]
[16.2512264251709]
[3.0165717601776123]
[62.17857360839844]
[304.46075439453125]
[2.7225229740142822]
[0.20460830628871918]
[2.1162102222442627]
[7.8577070236206055]
[1.4754887819290161]
[30.578554153442383]
[67.8482894897461]
[272.328125]
[2.0998430252075195]
[1.5605772733688354]
[36.980037689208984]
[2.088329553604126]
[20.497812271118164]
[112.1044921875]
[3.421241521835327]
[18064.91796875]
[10.484221458435059]
[9.246072769165039]
[8.666886329650879]
[254.84837341308594]
[2191.357177734375]
[306.94354248046875]
[0.8101045489311218]
[65.7989273071289]
[2.1705784797668457]
[13.172072410583496]
[7.832350254058838]
[2.7278616428375244]
[0.6345586180686951]
[4.265863418579102]
[0.24015966057777405]
[51.32728958129883]
[70.36510467529297]
[6.842845916748047]
[1.9360113143920898]
[2.0297958850860596]
[1.5420881509780884]
[1.5401806831359863]
[1.665612816810608]
[73.60369873046875]
[219.04891967773438]
[4.3558735847473145]
[188.4126739501953]
[57.101009368896484]
[338.0043640136719]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.8071367144584656]
[32.095985412597656]
[841.8062744140625]
[91.07144165039062]
[3.9628217220306396]
[1.8517324924468994]
[7.577463150024414]
[61.181060791015625]
[98.86367797851562]
[4.694347381591797]
[3.025804042816162]
[9.114095687866211]
[9.115965843200684]
[790.0496826171875]
[2.473769187927246]
[1080.628173828125]
[0.8903933167457581]
[25.959806442260742]
[5.339406967163086]
[1.9552466869354248]
[1.844362497329712]
[1.8224090337753296]
[7.863155364990234]
[99.89928436279297]
[241.68702697753906]
[1.9635735750198364]
[13.015225410461426]
[0.2013065665960312]
[17.49275779724121]
[35.87556457519531]
[7.842496871948242]
[25.133163452148438]
[3.8680121898651123]
[196.68080139160156]
[7.215386390686035]
[2.0300514698028564]
[0.2882273495197296]
[20.221092224121094]
[17023.740234375]
[5.242074489593506]
[11.460253715515137]
[34.15742111206055]
[30.398456573486328]
[7.199375629425049]
[72.39641571044922]
[3.0760810375213623]
[12.833948135375977]
[36.592838287353516]
[0.4101148247718811]
[112.2989730834961]
[3.0293121337890625]
[12.801641464233398]
[94.16123962402344]
[5.111450672149658]
[2.8706891536712646]
[7.2402663230896]
[3.152275800704956]
[4.439621925354004]
[13.083369255065918]
[5.311972618103027]
[4.941732883453369]
[11.229205131530762]
[295.76226806640625]
[32.60166931152344]
[51.437705993652344]
[14.149270057678223]
[5.305905342102051]
[41.66655349731445]
[3.291696071624756]
[2.6426074504852295]
[3.415759325027466]
[1.4936431646347046]
[13.341492652893066]
[3.018625497817993]
[56.71723175048828]
[1.008354663848877]
[7.686941146850586]
[473.48419189453125]
[102.8515853881836]
[2.800438642501831]
[167.64064025878906]
[1.4980045557022095]
[0.49706390500068665]
[2.6513354778289795]
[2.1920578479766846]
[704.8942260742188]
[2.9160284996032715]
[9.342167854309082]
[12.95861530303955]
[2.807919502258301]
[1.4825639724731445]
[2.4328391551971436]
[1.3403184413909912]
[5.867498874664307]
[62.79304122924805]
[5.049456596374512]
[1.3216668367385864]
[1.4751968383789062]
[2.301020383834839]
[2.2655107975006104]
[1.5260624885559082]
[1.3531155586242676]
[63.815704345703125]
[3992.399658203125]
[1.8709789514541626]
[72.64110565185547]
[8.091510772705078]
[71.60537719726562]
[202.14186096191406]
[39.8363151550293]
[229.24610900878906]
[12.159259796142578]
[13.98446273803711]
[20.106122970581055]
[1029.229736328125]
[71.98265838623047]
[42.920387268066406]
[1.8853503465652466]
[1.9226149320602417]
[4.474935531616211]
[4.444028854370117]
[69.92567443847656]
[25.547313690185547]
[8.449603080749512]
[1.904836893081665]
[196.50360107421875]
[64.07977294921875]
[7.860785484313965]
[20.767793655395508]
[68.70067596435547]
[92.0367660522461]
[97.1852035522461]
[2.1741042137145996]
[14.289761543273926]
[1.8251763582229614]
[1.6334189176559448]
[326.89080810546875]
[287.749267578125]
[383.0705871582031]
[325.0484619140625]
[22437.9765625]
[3.871509075164795]
[1.974939227104187]
[7.7314300537109375]
[2.037045478820801]
[13.098981857299805]
[4.463073253631592]
[416.7971496582031]
[1.8809605836868286]
[3.9223873615264893]
[2.419938325881958]
[332.9711608886719]
[43.97477722167969]
[65.51370239257812]
[2.892225742340088]
[0.8919475674629211]
[13.375018119812012]
[0.8586952090263367]
[757.7872924804688]
[2.8340096473693848]
[51.047447204589844]
[2.2196850776672363]
[2.7719156742095947]
[6.971799850463867]
[2.1616616249084473]
[2.49916934967041]
[12.334002494812012]
[26.512840270996094]
[189.99795532226562]
[4.559812545776367]
[16.604747772216797]
[3.0662810802459717]
[4.660906791687012]
[0.40553519129753113]
[4.867530822753906]
[69.40874481201172]
[8.818224906921387]
[1.6960668563842773]
[24.521352767944336]
[592.280517578125]
[4.922361850738525]
[1.999526023864746]
[5.32558536529541]
[1.929039716720581]
[5.541255474090576]
[21.69650650024414]
[0.8996262550354004]
[65.43421173095703]
[91.30062866210938]
[312.12860107421875]
[2.035550117492676]
[26.667699813842773]
[34.1865119934082]
[10.279280662536621]
[1.9365543127059937]
[1.8747868537902832]
[2.4810640811920166]
[8.634076118469238]
[34.39619064331055]
[0.6926523447036743]
[7.458294868469238]
[2.1543893814086914]
[1.7431674003601074]
[3.802588701248169]
[21.693540573120117]
[0.8109365701675415]
[43.098445892333984]
[201.93138122558594]
[42.493682861328125]
[105.45718383789062]
[8.603775024414062]
[200.71800231933594]
[7168.01416015625]
[3.0842461585998535]
[199.1284942626953]
[64.18810272216797]
[1.5736441612243652]
[698.8472900390625]
[119.58602905273438]
[132.9134521484375]
[12037.462890625]
[128.25836181640625]
[4.2344160079956055]
[7.818955898284912]
[8.235260963439941]
[1.3460285663604736]
[5.136517524719238]
[20.53042221069336]
[362.3018493652344]
[376.2423095703125]
[12.879576683044434]
[2.1989598274230957]
[83.64508819580078]
[2.397681951522827]
[2.1144917011260986]
[315.7110900878906]
[10.888164520263672]
[345.49652099609375]
[0.7671113014221191]
[2.1639392375946045]
[2.2335457801818848]
[67.31717681884766]
[4.01422643661499]
[285.5255126953125]
[37.82269287109375]
[2.7588722705841064]
[188.43984985351562]
[23.644359588623047]
[26.42794418334961]
[2.198410749435425]
[2.128938674926758]
[2.1723856925964355]
[2.1572656631469727]
[2.112309455871582]
[2.0573835372924805]
[601.4512329101562]
[10.922718048095703]
[5.9247822761535645]
[0.7902987003326416]
[2.038595199584961]
[15.44012451171875]
[390.48297119140625]
[180.51229858398438]
[2.096461534500122]
[2.061460256576538]
[11.135478973388672]
[2.138556480407715]
[2.4787726402282715]
[2.0942184925079346]
[82.77881622314453]
[5.4868059158325195]
[141.225341796875]
[0.1598842889070511]
[2.165320634841919]
[82.11991119384766]
[5.337718963623047]
[1.2707656621932983]
[2.1772212982177734]
[1.7693617343902588]
[7.492526054382324]
[8.545404434204102]
[3.6957852840423584]
[384.28125]
[9.788596153259277]
[27.08432388305664]
[0.7948300838470459]
[2.0860981941223145]
[4.723198890686035]
[3.789581060409546]
[2.1236159801483154]
[38.103450775146484]
[27.105836868286133]
[377.1775817871094]
[44.00651550292969]
[0.8458394408226013]
[85.13105773925781]
[7.781253814697266]
[8.696512222290039]
[2.0629372596740723]
[2.6717171669006348]
[2.0025532245635986]
[0.846759021282196]
[4.334303379058838]
[20.681673049926758]
[3.0992376804351807]
[1.95111083984375]
[5.374343395233154]
[2.484706163406372]
[12.451611518859863]
[165.42880249023438]
[4.0932230949401855]
[7.174757480621338]
[2.3777916431427]
[4.520413398742676]
[0.3814312219619751]
[3.5807764530181885]
[30.168481826782227]
[27.268775939941406]
[70.38328552246094]
[1.387731671333313]
[6.777595043182373]
[26.967041015625]
[53.32118606567383]
[2.0869247913360596]
[10.205743789672852]
[0.7641465663909912]
[12.981318473815918]
[1.0418885946273804]
[9.263137817382812]
[11.19927978515625]
[0.7917414307594299]
[5.557211399078369]
[4.199577808380127]
[4.690133571624756]
[118.46110534667969]
[12.660273551940918]
[7.0538554191589355]
[1.5653401613235474]
[2.10469913482666]
[16.931642532348633]
[333.2035217285156]
[51.26039123535156]
[1.9697678089141846]
[4.732126712799072]
[74.71044158935547]
[1.4522695541381836]
[8.676767349243164]
[2.0991334915161133]
[2.084200859069824]
[2.0877838134765625]
[6.273182392120361]
[10.986446380615234]
[1.6005688905715942]
[194.39466857910156]
[1140.3748779296875]
[1.7279176712036133]
[7.859601974487305]
[25.707059860229492]
[19.591455459594727]
[3.585310697555542]
[40.71849060058594]
[2.0489161014556885]
[4.609571933746338]
[4.193102836608887]
[42.673431396484375]
[10.224601745605469]
[11.933344841003418]
[11.138418197631836]
[2.0185625553131104]
[59.6182746887207]
[11.115042686462402]
[4.526744842529297]
[69.06021118164062]
[2.975654363632202]
[1.9908463954925537]
[8.256110191345215]
[4.837090015411377]
[74.07722473144531]
[318.63720703125]
[28.209497451782227]
[1.5096938610076904]
[1.9155458211898804]
[1.7090849876403809]
[6.502110004425049]
[0.7848656177520752]
[255.1767120361328]
[1.3468530178070068]
[0.7841511368751526]
[381.0836181640625]
[3.236459255218506]
[4.380331993103027]
[130.66720581054688]
[0.8476428985595703]
[4.136754512786865]
[36.0771369934082]
[2.088977336883545]
[138.1739501953125]
[8.743995666503906]
[59.751407623291016]
[3.438180923461914]
[1.9642997980117798]
[32.772857666015625]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created

[0.8587117791175842]
[135.03799438476562]
[2.2975735664367676]
[0.7814638614654541]
[1.8575161695480347]
[115.64934539794922]
[42.95060729980469]
[2.8241994380950928]
[16.145753860473633]
[1129.906005859375]
[13.120940208435059]
[34.44378662109375]
[258.4975280761719]
[4.824563503265381]
[4.980907440185547]
[1.9515223503112793]
[127.45037078857422]
[8.618587493896484]
[11.921422958374023]
[56.052894592285156]
[1.9267621040344238]
[121.36775207519531]
[19.448518753051758]
[535.4068603515625]
[1.8610349893569946]
[10.458398818969727]
[1.9003411531448364]
[4.699808120727539]
[6.2886857986450195]
[1.8138498067855835]
[0.21826356649398804]
[16.265493392944336]
[5.651336193084717]
[4.674158096313477]
[5.414844512939453]
[1.809689998626709]
[56.11070251464844]
[10.357144355773926]
[37.801483154296875]
[4.748173713684082]
[9.105956077575684]
[1.8266633749008179]
[2.0049095153808594]
[67.98285675048828]
[1.8464564085006714]
[3.1581575870513916]
[25.080808639526367]
[0.8827897906303406]
[779.1192016601562]
[1.7141836881637573]
[115.8312759399414]
[3.5471951961517334]
[147.8065185546875]
[1.5204894542694092]
[3.3750832080841064]
[4.979383945465088]
[22.864206314086914]
[19.018260955810547]
[1.5641893148422241]
[6.839299201965332]
[53.59355926513672]
[18.997940063476562]
[1.6732206344604492]
[2.0716452598571777]
[1.5969732999801636]
[4.177332878112793]
[6.844751358032227]
[4.059875965118408]
[1526.830322265625]
[84.01864624023438]
[2.814291000366211]
[71.8159408569336]
[34.123207092285156]
[1.6484814882278442]
[338.5162048339844]
[3.9286038875579834]
[9.777410507202148]
[1.6652759313583374]
[3.7512519359588623]
[126.02672576904297]
[78.40008544921875]
[1.5347752571105957]
[1.6804465055465698]
[31.12459945678711]
[52.17876434326172]
[18.702373504638672]
[19.929723739624023]
[10.732769012451172]
[24.80112075805664]
[4.798140525817871]
[40.47319030761719]
[1.722081184387207]
[2.699908971786499]
[623.0927124023438]
[4.22011137008667]
[0.7928504347801208]
[4.268154144287109]
[4.867335319519043]
[1.7750085592269897]
[1.8606083393096924]
[9.844762802124023]
[0.18171828985214233]
[89.2938003540039]
[202.20970153808594]
[0.6758356690406799]
[1.796478271484375]
[16.334915161132812]
[554.119140625]
[29.027280807495117]
[213.58966064453125]
[4.391437530517578]
[4.37730598449707]
[0.9762418270111084]
[121.50774383544922]
[162.59373474121094]
[665.370849609375]
[7.0497565269470215]
[160.6523895263672]
[2.3859031200408936]
[1.627762794494629]
[49.961402893066406]
[0.7028301358222961]
[0.796048104763031]
[0.972615122795105]
[6.311875820159912]
[4.899174690246582]
[230.3275909423828]
[1.6648489236831665]
[2.1620380878448486]
[27.032268524169922]
[23.058000564575195]
[25896.73828125]
[44.80751419067383]
[1.6905781030654907]
[13.995187759399414]
[7.002694129943848]
[28.639354705810547]
[1.6561599969863892]
[18.887670516967773]
[1.6927506923675537]
[4.430205821990967]
[0.8535630702972412]
[326.7777404785156]
[3.8666460514068604]
[22.765281677246094]
[225.7651824951172]
[371.802490234375]
[14.033329963684082]
[2.5484776496887207]
[2.3031740188598633]
[2.516688346862793]
[10.215816497802734]
[5.935566425323486]
[182.19773864746094]
[433.7839050292969]
[28.819923400878906]
[1.0839169025421143]
[241.03102111816406]
[1.1441526412963867]
[2.412898063659668]
[2.734555244445801]
[49.06900405883789]
[11.426918029785156]
[23.47179412841797]
[195.7075958251953]
[207.6800994873047]
[64.41403198242188]
[73.49493408203125]
[1.1048967838287354]
[2.237748146057129]
[2.2226245403289795]
[5.662926197052002]
[31.3293399810791]
[170.73361206054688]
[9.691924095153809]
[2.274343729019165]
[5.982572078704834]
[1022.5504760742188]
[72.58358764648438]
[72.02778625488281]
[2.0077598094940186]
[19.398502349853516]
[284.6994934082031]
[304.9359130859375]
[6.211877822875977]
[1.920944094657898]
[347.2507019042969]
[1.6842155456542969]
[10217.974609375]
[6.863868236541748]
[53.80900955200195]
[0.2241126447916031]
[8.409297943115234]
[5.985175132751465]
[13.887520790100098]
[4.492551803588867]
[8.987303733825684]
[2.815056085586548]
[2.619776964187622]
[3.709904432296753]
[75.90957641601562]
[310.5750732421875]
[28.82012939453125]
[101.24519348144531]
[15.112954139709473]
[26.670103073120117]
[1.2724344730377197]
[64.14022827148438]
[5.083993911743164]
[3.252366065979004]
[3.25893497467041]
[3.268881320953369]
[4.422458648681641]
[205.7782745361328]
[3.217378854751587]
[3.1959388256073]
[3.1724491119384766]
[8.90969467163086]
[3.1158697605133057]
[85.92180633544922]
[10.131551742553711]
[25.82068634033203]
[59.84918975830078]
[321.4828796386719]
[16.30038833618164]
[274.0722961425781]
[63.140892028808594]
[10.718588829040527]
[30.85395050048828]
[17.054475784301758]
[205.69610595703125]
[81.9874038696289]
[5.097858905792236]
[2.7247371673583984]
[11.676408767700195]
[2.623084306716919]
[1.236438512802124]
[1218.4708251953125]
[137.8270263671875]
[3.3391284942626953]
[7.994562149047852]
[2.4624924659729004]
[5.231409072875977]
[39.9938850402832]
[6.032066822052002]
[6.501376152038574]
[5.0841875076293945]
[2.1214513778686523]
[59.14434051513672]
[162.46578979492188]
[106.64955139160156]
[8.517987251281738]
[1961.25341796875]
[52.798126220703125]
[2.192284345626831]
[23.288721084594727]
[0.7736896276473999]
[2.080629825592041]
[13.73126220703125]
[10.670928955078125]
[41.497467041015625]
[3.1060450077056885]
[11.715239524841309]
[1.0253150463104248]
[320.19488525390625]
[3.5092852115631104]
[59.713199615478516]
[1362.6546630859375]
[3.0870394706726074]
[2.8981573581695557]
[3016.706298828125]
[10.233949661254883]
[10.429883003234863]
[69.92453002929688]
[326.61572265625]
[24.31226348876953]
[2.553241014480591]
[3.4959473609924316]
[215.25015258789062]
[2.986989974975586]
[17.79578399658203]
[4.925789833068848]
[148.11587524414062]
[2.4889490604400635]
[870.663818359375]
[0.9309879541397095]
[1.7942721843719482]
[3.5133063793182373]
[4.938114643096924]
[2.604651689529419]
[313.7334899902344]
[21.27911376953125]
[39.2034797668457]
[5.945694446563721]
[8.045207977294922]
[1.213470220565796]
[81.38739013671875]
[18351.544921875]
[20.452674865722656]
[6.970868110656738]
[5.735477447509766]
[220.8042755126953]
[701.300537109375]
[3.5102126598358154]
[22.697547912597656]
[201.86996459960938]
[7.1452317237854]
[1.2346158027648926]
[67.68304443359375]
[10.152521133422852]
[1916.15966796875]
[3.305140495300293]
[2.404033899307251]
[2.2999088764190674]
[3.706738233566284]
[2.1544599533081055]
[1.7312043905258179]
[43.5034065246582]
[2.050677537918091]
[59.858821868896484]
[31.99847412109375]
[160.5455780029297]
[262.20684814453125]
[4.362875461578369]
[2.0383331775665283]
[43.4313850402832]
[4.027276992797852]
[6817.052734375]
[79.07952117919922]
[1.9570308923721313]
[31.12586212158203]
[1.9291375875473022]
[23.135465621948242]
[103.29562377929688]
[0.9106707572937012]
[2.3136234283447266]
[84.55693054199219]
[1.8644737005233765]
[1.8640077114105225]
[11.936939239501953]
[2.675722360610962]
[1.858577013015747]
[68.53931427001953]
[1.914249300956726]
[1649.4971923828125]
[478.105224609375]
[20.524120330810547]
[1.7933783531188965]
[56.13370132446289]
[18.842021942138672]
[7.616731643676758]
[1.852993130683899]
[47.99074172973633]
[188.22097778320312]
[2.3657419681549072]
[1.6338075399398804]
[2.1475512981414795]
[41.187252044677734]
[25.433338165283203]
[1.191879391670227]
[3.0418286323547363]
[1.8077740669250488]
[10.90797233581543]
[15.813785552978516]
[1.8795721530914307]
[1.831638216972351]
[1.8281793594360352]
[1.8224036693572998]
[0.8412566184997559]
[2.0742554664611816]
[21.069150924682617]
[23.977415084838867]
[8.562566757202148]
[6.269919395446777]
[0.6347171664237976]
[20.875133514404297]
[11.35011100769043]
[0.7368959784507751]
[46.056461334228516]
[20.2302303314209]
[2.681042194366455]
[1.3045421838760376]
[1.4387909173965454]
[6.982743740081787]
[2.447700262069702]
[52.686302185058594]
[36.896629333496094]
[274.50897216796875]
[6.354321479797363]
[10.609358787536621]
[6.799137592315674]
[100.63731384277344]
[1.7719858884811401]
[129.12327575683594]
[6.187692165374756]
[11.305093765258789]
[183.6616668701172]
[13.206049919128418]
[1.8327502012252808]
[516.1661987304688]
[4.657429218292236]
[5.272085189819336]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[184.39620971679688]
[7.265923976898193]
[6.795879364013672]
[54.79155349731445]
[3.4181394577026367]
[7.548715591430664]
[52.57624053955078]
[163.83267211914062]
[61.01850509643555]
[27.1864070892334]
[1.7606778144836426]
[4.177998065948486]
[1.5096691846847534]
[987.6763916015625]
[36.578643798828125]
[1.9390649795532227]
[18.717845916748047]
[2.255399227142334]
[63.77070236206055]
[8.567755699157715]
[12.343345642089844]
[3.2409114837646484]
[212.33880615234375]
[1.8523718118667603]
[1.446761131286621]
[1.0331894159317017]
[5.013015270233154]
[33.4022331237793]
[24.665599822998047]
[26.328258514404297]
[27.509071350097656]
[12.782509803771973]
[0.7942047119140625]
[1.8444387912750244]
[5.3561625480651855]
[1.856257677078247]
[322.8601379394531]
[99.55718994140625]
[172.30795288085938]
[1419.30078125]
[2.9793331623077393]
[8.129180908203125]
[1.9013664722442627]
[1.9483578205108643]
[16.821640014648438]
[4.72361946105957]
[3.6927289962768555]
[1.4464690685272217]
[3.263012409210205]
[7.2953386306762695]
[24.935468673706055]
[2.0481221675872803]
[4.711205959320068]
[8.853516578674316]
[12.866900444030762]
[1.87715744972229]
[25.216127395629883]
[5.698873519897461]
[7.087365627288818]
[56.16407775878906]
[1.6029651165008545]
[4806.72021484375]
[10.090456008911133]
[12.873135566711426]
[8.06629467010498]
[3.3274364471435547]
[46.40518569946289]
[0.734312117099762]
[13.704410552978516]
[13.660784721374512]
[416.67510986328125]
[170.39706420898438]
[51.495155334472656]
[2.3034920692443848]
[5.486352920532227]
[2.4337220191955566]
[1.8627928495407104]
[184.79904174804688]
[373.65899658203125]
[1.8745311498641968]
[8.90676212310791]
[30.649877548217773]
[5.694136142730713]
[3.9351396560668945]
[1.0161534547805786]
[1.6025139093399048]
[1.6431978940963745]
[12.249190330505371]
[3.273634672164917]
[3.5962324142456055]
[4.183305263519287]
[1.2977595329284668]
[6.24782657623291]
[0.9146042466163635]
[4.815086841583252]
[147.80186462402344]
[116.71570587158203]
[231.67404174804688]
[0.9027106761932373]
[66.3252944946289]
[0.7781810760498047]
[12.490581512451172]
[5.344213485717773]
[1.8037643432617188]
[421.7286376953125]
[1.0668107271194458]
[5.668346405029297]
[16.528154373168945]
[4.783804416656494]
[29.711679458618164]
[1.7866625785827637]
[0.8075065612792969]
[0.8054853081703186]
[13.857439041137695]
[34.40502166748047]
[2.014988899230957]
[2.500126361846924]
[17.220922470092773]
[56.76313781738281]
[2.396395206451416]
[3.1568105220794678]
[31.568750381469727]
[6.549765110015869]
[12.707598686218262]
[9.00079345703125]
[2.8568673133850098]
[189.83050537109375]
[5.896396636962891]
[2.1214234828948975]
[2.177870273590088]
[2.050558567047119]
[9.521995544433594]
[2.1829395294189453]
[2.1259350776672363]
[2.118187665939331]
[2.0779950618743896]
[44.44437026977539]
[584.7421264648438]
[146.0101318359375]
[10.995118141174316]
[51.671287536621094]
[7.183367729187012]
[3.9301111698150635]
[1.2319415807724]
[5.625349521636963]
[4.021345138549805]
[2.1290836334228516]
[6.1178364753723145]
[570.4618530273438]
[5.41668701171875]
[19.736194610595703]
[12.273453712463379]
[2.431629180908203]
[0.8879653215408325]
[7.874882698059082]
[1.5181245803833008]
[19.303876876831055]
[113.38270568847656]
[0.7899634838104248]
[7.8341546058654785]
[1.1872116327285767]
[1.9725852012634277]
[1.2446467876434326]
[2.14031720161438]
[19.452730178833008]
[4.199805736541748]
[8.334460258483887]
[3.5675668716430664]
[19.00314712524414]
[25.978063583374023]
[4.89008903503418]
[1.596725344657898]
[1.3434205055236816]
[8.340200424194336]
[25.77066421508789]
[10.26344108581543]
[18.3963680267334]
[39.06386947631836]
[5.192994594573975]
[0.1723594218492508]
[13.910087585449219]
[2.02493953704834]
[0.9444972276687622]
[17.072532653808594]
[25.817371368408203]
[11.122950553894043]
[3.140688896179199]
[37.84919357299805]
[1.1115108728408813]
[3.870298385620117]
[21.746234893798828]
[20.936098098754883]
[4.49138069152832]
[5.85612678527832]
[21.86767578125]
[1.9681735038757324]
[4.188328742980957]
[4.864828586578369]
[0.9092933535575867]
[1.8068289756774902]
[161.34579467773438]
[13.830574035644531]
[171.9958038330078]
[6.783802509307861]
[1.8157169818878174]
[8.457712173461914]
[6.174595355987549]
[0.15324170887470245]
[2.012053966522217]
[143.94525146484375]
[1.4249366521835327]
[181.5311737060547]
[0.8124009966850281]
[0.20252877473831177]
[26.96051025390625]
[211.0655059814453]
[24.864622116088867]
[2.0041191577911377]
[10.38359260559082]
[9.21861457824707]
[0.7393128275871277]
[2.5398900508880615]
[9.068955421447754]
[5.139932155609131]
[174.82943725585938]
[13.043426513671875]
[0.8597732782363892]
[27.608722686767578]
[6.2770795822143555]
[5.532507419586182]
[1.7986613512039185]
[7.697538375854492]
[7.9455413818359375]
[1.9832371473312378]
[1.928281307220459]
[29.0765323638916]
[1.3328481912612915]
[1.9679957628250122]
[173.90492248535156]
[13.435344696044922]
[1.5778111219406128]
[1.9522716999053955]
[241.7313232421875]
[189.9781494140625]
[10.133810043334961]
[7.794082164764404]
[1.9154362678527832]
[4.832100868225098]
[1.9572678804397583]
[11.235445976257324]
[0.8798814415931702]
[10.43855094909668]
[35.77571105957031]
[7.709873199462891]
[3.185713768005371]
[5.038966178894043]
[52.94527816772461]
[2.0381484031677246]
[1.8255679607391357]
[7.18964958190918]
[10.67759895324707]
[200.28509521484375]
[13.44811725616455]
[3.0170297622680664]
[29.254484176635742]
[3.0301294326782227]
[1.1420419216156006]
[3.252781391143799]
[34.893402099609375]
[1.3372013568878174]
[7.50898551940918]
[8.116016387939453]
[12.210707664489746]
[2.853179693222046]
[4.115781784057617]
[0.7252219915390015]
[0.43066683411598206]
[22.511533737182617]
[8.486867904663086]
[4.65482234954834]
[15.876378059387207]
[11.289447784423828]
[88.52668762207031]
[27.684579849243164]
[23.86675262451172]
[12.837993621826172]
[1.8392529487609863]
[0.7274248600006104]
[191.57664489746094]
[106.61358642578125]
[16.972759246826172]
[1.9102779626846313]
[1.5389562845230103]
[1.8271676301956177]
[1.4962928295135498]
[3.0007991790771484]
[26.16144371032715]
[28.249496459960938]
[4.772792339324951]
[3.1885037422180176]
[390.9828796386719]
[1.7033277750015259]
[26.99245834350586]
[0.888390302658081]
[0.10062452405691147]
[9.609128952026367]
[476.33367919921875]
[24.886533737182617]
[0.7278074622154236]
[8.538461685180664]
[1.5924054384231567]
[12.100456237792969]
[3.9462130069732666]
[8.752123832702637]
[484.2207336425781]
[356.8899230957031]
[1.4358346462249756]
[1.3614397048950195]
[2.2049689292907715]
[1.7090176343917847]
[1.379075050354004]
[0.7396386861801147]
[9.317556381225586]
[105.37724304199219]
[1.8586256504058838]
[0.9315179586410522]
[0.24327148497104645]
[1.9588948488235474]
[1.966519832611084]
[18757.02734375]
[61.88132858276367]
[272.0025329589844]
[7.581185817718506]
[2.406090497970581]
[8.583917617797852]
[72.38516998291016]
[275.9654541015625]
[4.377964973449707]
[2.1592001914978027]
[15.413590431213379]
[2.183692216873169]
[3.0944948196411133]
[2.2026941776275635]
[89.29804992675781]
[1.9254810810089111]
[47.20939636230469]
[2.181647300720215]
[24123.3671875]
[227.56719970703125]
[4.564455986022949]
[280.24517822265625]
[63.094322204589844]
[290.5581970214844]
[8.525376319885254]
[60.905784606933594]
[107.08980560302734]
[7.200582981109619]
[1.9490959644317627]
[9.210394859313965]
[2.0474114418029785]
[24.75387191772461]
[2.255800247192383]
[29.88207244873047]
[2.320744752883911]
[4.154711723327637]
[59.00239562988281]
[2.3137524127960205]
[20.215496063232422]
[9.444594383239746]
[41.496665954589844]
[8.092450141906738]
[7.368068218231201]
[8.065295219421387]
[2.1591787338256836]
[2.6727585792541504]
[59.3348274230957]
[4.682701587677002]
[10.784021377563477]
[40.961936950683594]
[4.754138469696045]
[8.690704345703125]
[49.392486572265625]
[1983.9892578125]
[24.563499450683594]
[70.13790130615234]
[19.32775115966797]
[43.04401779174805]
[7.678649425506592]
[2.8563125133514404]
[2.348813056945801]
[1.8321934938430786]
[5.3170342445373535]
[2.122464656829834]
[1893.563232421875]
[9.761129379272461]
[17.990644454956055]
[106.02472686767578]
[88.2536849975586]
[25.561229705810547]
[107.9697494506836]
[29.639802932739258]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[5.921076774597168]
[1.5310416221618652]
[23.558076858520508]
[1.6834241151809692]
[193.98992919921875]
[6.051626682281494]
[1.705237865447998]
[1.6843955516815186]
[79.42155456542969]
[3.6142914295196533]
[18.438034057617188]
[1.5614508390426636]
[135.9700469970703]
[16.356077194213867]
[1.7460261583328247]
[1.4417436122894287]
[1.6782525777816772]
[524.8534545898438]
[1.4691122770309448]
[243.6905517578125]
[0.8001627326011658]
[3.305360794067383]
[5.199101448059082]
[11.327179908752441]
[83.86544036865234]
[1.689626932144165]
[16.555585861206055]
[5.959802150726318]
[5.504889965057373]
[6.778499126434326]
[12.45865249633789]
[1.6535942554473877]
[1.6853371858596802]
[7.373333930969238]
[4.467818737030029]
[2.057762622833252]
[399.62762451171875]
[1.6817734241485596]
[1.7101242542266846]
[17.8865909576416]
[45.98794937133789]
[174.177734375]
[2.878851890563965]
[1.8933289051055908]
[1.6652805805206299]
[46.858394622802734]
[1.640844464302063]
[9.978900909423828]
[185.07675170898438]
[293.9925231933594]
[18.497539520263672]
[17.67716407775879]
[29.06256675720215]
[0.8114722967147827]
[13.201667785644531]
[7.858732223510742]
[94.38961029052734]
[3.9866347312927246]
[19.316377639770508]
[226.32772827148438]
[1.5724740028381348]
[7.370723724365234]
[24.391456604003906]
[0.22028972208499908]
[206.6590576171875]
[761.782470703125]
[4.627975940704346]
[23.166946411132812]
[0.7428886294364929]
[0.7159439921379089]
[4.091455459594727]
[269.9442138671875]
[8.598384857177734]
[150.17929077148438]
[22.991308212280273]
[2.946016788482666]
[158.33090209960938]
[8.633700370788574]
[1.6209945678710938]
[1.3821687698364258]
[4.115560531616211]
[0.7726630568504333]
[0.15180575847625732]
[4.790651321411133]
[120.81410217285156]
[6.621563911437988]
[2.650508165359497]
[1.4952746629714966]
[6.607145309448242]
[5.074869155883789]
[3.1599924564361572]
[182.7088623046875]
[5.6359710693359375]
[51.90260696411133]
[4684.9580078125]
[31.777873992919922]
[0.8238092660903931]
[11.61979866027832]
[5.728911876678467]
[7.906254768371582]
[355.11798095703125]
[11.431126594543457]
[180.58494567871094]
[2.2847793102264404]
[26.904563903808594]
[2.625962495803833]
[2.8387084007263184]
[3.9003851413726807]
[0.17079123854637146]
[16.834461212158203]
[2.7210257053375244]
[0.2170289009809494]
[23.451601028442383]
[231.80587768554688]
[1.7705497741699219]
[2.1936380863189697]
[1581.4224853515625]
[43.68663024902344]
[40.02788162231445]
[222.56463623046875]
[51.64423370361328]
[1.7306877374649048]
[2.5705032348632812]
[13.142717361450195]
[9.908624649047852]
[4.880226135253906]
[503.669677734375]
[4.872634410858154]
[1.555598258972168]
[1.6103979349136353]
[18.086095809936523]
[122.9453125]
[16.784605026245117]
[66.1948013305664]
[7.293488025665283]
[1.6160883903503418]
[1.593112587928772]
[24.448719024658203]
[3.8109893798828125]
[2.880094528198242]
[143.79971313476562]
[5.807864189147949]
[29.032976150512695]
[1.4336508512496948]
[8.297806739807129]
[1.83427095413208]
[14.550601959228516]
[9.837512969970703]
[1.726815938949585]
[21.903759002685547]
[1.6356080770492554]
[283.6537780761719]
[6.7096076011657715]
[5673.986328125]
[39.465370178222656]
[8.739635467529297]
[1.6275901794433594]
[1.6289253234863281]
[91.34695434570312]
[4.446794033050537]
[117.18614959716797]
[329.2759094238281]
[0.970497727394104]
[16.869606018066406]
[0.764904797077179]
[10.982673645019531]
[176.36976623535156]
[0.18274112045764923]
[217.38677978515625]
[50.87810134887695]
[49.25794982910156]
[1.692757248878479]
[10.813292503356934]
[5.030691146850586]
[2.752068281173706]
[1.5212582349777222]
[28.2336368560791]
[255.84347534179688]
[1.712065577507019]
[5.817815780639648]
[2.7554378509521484]
[46.48298645019531]
[1.6984779834747314]
[73.69078063964844]
[2.874537944793701]
[36.116851806640625]
[3.8953495025634766]
[0.7003259062767029]
[98.0444107055664]
[6.645134925842285]
[2.8253087997436523]
[0.8140376210212708]
[3.964653253555298]
[1.7176252603530884]
[1.777866244316101]
[9.277843475341797]
[744.91552734375]
[2.1134982109069824]
[120.53460693359375]
[8.705392837524414]
[49.84012222290039]
[1.497270941734314]
[1.7282596826553345]
[2.6115517616271973]
[200.70262145996094]
[10.654092788696289]
[1.7075611352920532]
[36.355934143066406]
[1.6405850648880005]
[90.27922058105469]
[1.6389296054840088]
[1.973616123199463]
[1.7245352268218994]
[2.678293466567993]
[3.812061071395874]
[19.061382293701172]
[13.082380294799805]
[3.7023065090179443]
[21.586233139038086]
[1.703711748123169]
[37.59870910644531]
[10.482671737670898]
[1.6593337059020996]
[50.95499038696289]
[2.84005069732666]
[156.8115234375]
[4.275223255157471]
[3.735275983810425]
[0.5516370534896851]
[11.51974868774414]
[1.697190523147583]
[120.98967742919922]
[0.918870210647583]
[0.8055056929588318]
[3.723823308944702]
[124.70573425292969]
[75.53658294677734]
[178.1773681640625]
[4.979117393493652]
[1.138879656791687]
[24.064437866210938]
[0.6993451714515686]
[3.5306200981140137]
[1.6227350234985352]
[7.449438571929932]
[1.7702728509902954]
[0.7024050951004028]
[0.8015090823173523]
[176.1614990234375]
[21.29505157470703]
[1.2682639360427856]
[3.608131170272827]
[22.906484603881836]
[2.4653351306915283]
[108.93578338623047]
[758.759521484375]
[3.6845269203186035]
[2.9833414554595947]
[2.5916852951049805]
[0.8005212545394897]
[24.1508846282959]
[135.8774871826172]
[1.2438759803771973]
[35.177555084228516]
[163.0494384765625]
[1.9457327127456665]
[128.0312957763672]
[2.8593685626983643]
[75.84500885009766]
[35.161041259765625]
[113.99864196777344]
[0.35636088252067566]
[12.03799057006836]
[15.380792617797852]
[17.823009490966797]
[1.7614935636520386]
[3.480894088745117]
[1.6691535711288452]
[87.1722183227539]
[587.2440795898438]
[5.08049201965332]
[36.968994140625]
[3.880772352218628]
[1.5297460556030273]
[493.2734069824219]
[3.149487257003784]
[2.776498794555664]
[14.207042694091797]
[6.910309314727783]
[99.93119812011719]
[97.6158218383789]
[8.379131317138672]
[39.23900604248047]
[1.704591989517212]
[5.26338005065918]
[154.86978149414062]
[9.862452507019043]
[474.847412109375]
[798.6503295898438]
[7.081035137176514]
[1.6426377296447754]
[0.6480546593666077]
[2.7226102352142334]
[0.7792689800262451]
[9.172060012817383]
[7.971705436706543]
[178.9165802001953]
[4.299631118774414]
[151.1516876220703]
[0.1440090537071228]
[119.56358337402344]
[1.5933860540390015]
[13.560751914978027]
[6.121769428253174]
[36.72248458862305]
[83.97008514404297]
[28.671171188354492]
[6.252455234527588]
[117.0810546875]
[1.6538183689117432]
[5.73850154876709]
[1.6725653409957886]
[1436.639892578125]
[2.2305142879486084]
[4.555176258087158]
[1.6380196809768677]
[1.5703437328338623]
[199.7283935546875]
[2.824225425720215]
[14.781185150146484]
[7.103157997131348]
[26.141931533813477]
[5.4865241050720215]
[1.3148726224899292]
[49.70216751098633]
[9.220479965209961]
[7.430245876312256]
[21.602418899536133]
[156.76795959472656]
[29.833681106567383]
[34.95503234863281]
[119.9010238647461]
[10.259223937988281]
[15.364157676696777]
[95.09825897216797]
[0.746635913848877]
[0.6530146598815918]
[1.621585488319397]
[156.05352783203125]
[1.615186333656311]
[430.4807434082031]
[36.03517150878906]
[11.100686073303223]
[1.5665664672851562]
[1.5898690223693848]
[1.341811180114746]
[0.6547284722328186]
[2.3419508934020996]
[4.03896427154541]
[35.49855041503906]
[1.5297983884811401]
[67.00202941894531]
[1.5465725660324097]
[99.6258773803711]
[2.8109192848205566]
[1.5323339700698853]
[102.9416275024414]
[1.4992399215698242]
[3.1055099964141846]
[73.87914276123047]
[2.660318613052368]
[9.522109031677246]
[186.4774169921875]
[15.348628997802734]
[7.3360066413879395]
[2.417947292327881]
[112.75454711914062]
[4.8363423347473145]
[26.372947692871094]
[1.508426547050476]
[2.503389835357666]
[180.76513671875]
[2.2953085899353027]
[3.5843513011932373]
[19.133634567260742]
[1.4730054140090942]
[1.3469113111495972]
[107.69307708740234]
[9.738748550415039]
[5.891171932220459]
[24.042743682861328]
[229.84877014160156]
[3.687180519104004]
[131.37803649902344]
[48.161773681640625]
[2.4422194957733154]
[32.89258575439453]
[92.29789733886719]
[1.480034589767456]
[1.5043858289718628]
[285.8974914550781]
[7.134035110473633]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.7591351270675659]
[3.713726282119751]
[12.920188903808594]
[656.7521362304688]
[2.11746883392334]
[0.8565986156463623]
[0.17981956899166107]
[666.9547729492188]
[506.31951904296875]
[117.30394744873047]
[4.825587272644043]
[3.9631857872009277]
[1.0443027019500732]
[488.5163269042969]
[69.32795715332031]
[1.4727225303649902]
[17.006200790405273]
[0.6626184582710266]
[13.73813247680664]
[1.0674248933792114]
[1.4376825094223022]
[1.456748366355896]
[16.81277084350586]
[5.671675205230713]
[2.4592580795288086]
[2.768611192703247]
[6.290294647216797]
[1.1903128623962402]
[8.191571235656738]
[0.15177516639232635]
[103.9471664428711]
[9.213494300842285]
[4.373858451843262]
[1.4520840644836426]
[6.500113010406494]
[4.458031177520752]
[104.2123031616211]
[6.1900248527526855]
[1.1885647773742676]
[27.508790969848633]
[2.612853765487671]
[1.6738333702087402]
[2.1340177059173584]
[1.4753307104110718]
[34.68858337402344]
[1.4651880264282227]
[11.114005088806152]
[0.6645232439041138]
[36.88941955566406]
[48.7852783203125]
[16.234994888305664]
[4.503313064575195]
[142.13729858398438]
[1.498146414756775]
[16.1719913482666]
[47.040245056152344]
[1.5040167570114136]
[8.611361503601074]
[254.6280517578125]
[1.490247368812561]
[3.400588274002075]
[2.6092770099639893]
[5.177154064178467]
[12.292913436889648]
[16.04119300842285]
[2.050840139389038]
[1.484225869178772]
[32.500526428222656]
[4.817178249359131]
[3.8541576862335205]
[737.4454956054688]
[0.0878060907125473]
[2.8490984439849854]
[2.5272700786590576]
[1.4525172710418701]
[23.726116180419922]
[2.709463119506836]
[3.685075044631958]
[9.902629852294922]
[2.208733081817627]
[3.6724843978881836]
[46.41679763793945]
[77.3808364868164]
[2.8209166526794434]
[2.0607640743255615]
[19.272686004638672]
[1.693263292312622]
[0.7593070268630981]
[9.209308624267578]
[1.5041755437850952]
[1.1636446714401245]
[6.0290703773498535]
[4.359097957611084]
[6.476848602294922]
[7.210682392120361]
[22.262544631958008]
[4.385622978210449]
[20.721677780151367]
[3.3551583290100098]
[3.74360728263855]
[9.920445442199707]
[8.537079811096191]
[163.2676544189453]
[5.964166164398193]
[8.975909233093262]
[28.312028884887695]
[1.5338661670684814]
[24.613174438476562]
[9.820026397705078]
[2.1130335330963135]
[22.522016525268555]
[1.5895233154296875]
[11.469465255737305]
[4.127310276031494]
[434.93963623046875]
[1.1265078783035278]
[58.658836364746094]
[18.001710891723633]
[3.666050910949707]
[9.118717193603516]
[3.7080931663513184]
[0.7602599263191223]
[17.48226547241211]
[7.906005859375]
[98.56353759765625]
[18.565628051757812]
[1.4340156316757202]
[0.7193995714187622]
[5.444124698638916]
[1.5159611701965332]
[87.54969024658203]
[1.4981895685195923]
[2.7981252670288086]
[19.400684356689453]
[4.040945529937744]
[2.0812554359436035]
[3.4073407649993896]
[3.4425745010375977]
[1.38112473487854]
[0.6001001000404358]
[18.616788864135742]
[5.107511520385742]
[3.569331407546997]
[1.5213203430175781]
[1.0975441932678223]
[41.735939025878906]
[426.66632080078125]
[105.59626007080078]
[33.359493255615234]
[6.092165470123291]
[24.180341720581055]
[69.83085632324219]
[8.781623840332031]
[1.9985101222991943]
[2.07450008392334]
[1.1978482007980347]
[1.3886090517044067]
[1.090603232383728]
[1.4049668312072754]
[5.46146297454834]
[0.6782567501068115]
[24.44131851196289]
[23.513891220092773]
[1.3366258144378662]
[11.638409614562988]
[0.6762765645980835]
[7.611543655395508]
[7.560134410858154]
[3.100860357284546]
[6.119930267333984]
[0.40523844957351685]
[10.664824485778809]
[1.3634612560272217]
[2.017533779144287]
[1.4057291746139526]
[7.4205193519592285]
[3.5962789058685303]
[8.608100891113281]
[1.800784945487976]
[2.2580912113189697]
[25.58710479736328]
[57.969974517822266]
[22.031362533569336]
[0.35435500741004944]
[2.0297751426696777]
[20.978296279907227]
[26.259418487548828]
[90.63807678222656]
[7.987066268920898]
[1.4383925199508667]
[19.86408805847168]
[2.535867691040039]
[2.8766367435455322]
[10.911887168884277]
[1.4052026271820068]
[0.7255548238754272]
[4000.626953125]
[25.26982879638672]
[1.242465853691101]
[78.37926483154297]
[1.875626564025879]
[1.4916062355041504]
[2.233017683029175]
[11.466460227966309]
[23.85274887084961]
[19.69630241394043]
[341.4115295410156]
[1.6043686866760254]
[1.6176012754440308]
[190.07540893554688]
[96.23738098144531]
[4.966382026672363]
[0.8843947052955627]
[0.6580339074134827]
[6.920785427093506]
[1.2817778587341309]
[1.5414124727249146]
[17.380992889404297]
[528.1717529296875]
[170.95697021484375]
[17.866378784179688]
[1.2468887567520142]
[35.37533187866211]
[4.589014053344727]
[7.980782985687256]
[9.562092781066895]
[1.5643211603164673]
[2.3531970977783203]
[478.3064880371094]
[9457.7470703125]
[23.827604293823242]
[6.740471839904785]
[12.55151653289795]
[3.024672508239746]
[13.380243301391602]
[2.543532371520996]
[116.65882110595703]
[1.4412050247192383]
[10.048763275146484]
[45.15628433227539]
[54.35563659667969]
[2.752321720123291]
[8.470684051513672]
[1608.240478515625]
[47.380287170410156]
[15.749197006225586]
[28.614229202270508]
[203.93675231933594]
[3.7897233963012695]
[19.564167022705078]
[147.8992156982422]
[201.3280792236328]
[282.6377868652344]
[1.3547712564468384]
[51.654876708984375]
[1.354884147644043]
[36.118568420410156]
[1.868983507156372]
[711.9611206054688]
[7.064570903778076]
[0.7967281937599182]
[1.2987086772918701]
[20.27210235595703]
[53.02523422241211]
[22.571178436279297]
[9.34089183807373]
[4.2791337966918945]
[7.887553691864014]
[5.186665058135986]
[2.412825584411621]
[1.1325676441192627]
[3.7643887996673584]
[35.855167388916016]
[29.026756286621094]
[3.5494742393493652]
[7.164258003234863]
[11.882071495056152]
[1.7089823484420776]
[21.03217315673828]
[5.911137104034424]
[1.5326441526412964]
[96.47491455078125]
[2.4680700302124023]
[8.463837623596191]
[99.65489196777344]
[6.828548431396484]
[0.7883519530296326]
[1.493934154510498]
[1.5112112760543823]
[103.12891387939453]
[578.6104736328125]
[276.6502685546875]
[1.4368319511413574]
[3.570585012435913]
[5.449336051940918]
[29.354358673095703]
[9.275927543640137]
[1.0098693370819092]
[0.987322211265564]
[107.66336822509766]
[4.748364448547363]
[0.41931599378585815]
[1.4377223253250122]
[1.0609339475631714]
[20.273332595825195]
[1.4632585048675537]
[66.2026596069336]
[1.4608488082885742]
[10.342647552490234]
[91.79322052001953]
[1.406386137008667]
[21.895837783813477]
[18.03487205505371]
[39.12765884399414]
[1.4420274496078491]
[15.562675476074219]
[553.5603637695312]
[3.0824062824249268]
[32027.365234375]
[62.11012649536133]
[0.7562956809997559]
[24.224830627441406]
[479.55511474609375]
[1.9271066188812256]
[1.6249641180038452]
[1.5489152669906616]
[1.7663143873214722]
[68.00289154052734]
[441.3177795410156]
[1.825130581855774]
[5.3529839515686035]
[1.1223241090774536]
[5.22984504699707]
[22.388410568237305]
[3.933002233505249]
[2.0614593029022217]
[5.693498134613037]
[252.73193359375]
[15.97779655456543]
[332.72308349609375]
[1.9930343627929688]
[1092.9281005859375]
[17.95635414123535]
[6.139523506164551]
[107.55265808105469]
[3.901193857192993]
[25.816469192504883]
[303.49920654296875]
[10.21601676940918]
[1.9941390752792358]
[40.0805778503418]
[171.32554626464844]
[9.424100875854492]
[1.8886936902999878]
[5.134661674499512]
[18.914592742919922]
[26.88180923461914]
[663.2380981445312]
[15.308712005615234]
[1.7895275354385376]
[1.1299272775650024]
[5.2519121170043945]
[74.8738784790039]
[69.96945190429688]
[1.160740852355957]
[8292.4365234375]
[61.71553039550781]
[5.10149621963501]
[1.683719277381897]
[11.51467514038086]
[8.556540489196777]
[62.27275085449219]
[297.701904296875]
[10.392882347106934]
[3436.972412109375]
[10.058086395263672]
[14.647745132446289]
[54.71669006347656]
[109.70330047607422]
[2.2337639331817627]
[3.6353468894958496]
[131.83326721191406]
[16.2534236907959]
[1.8546745777130127]
[19.324451446533203]
[2.0486536026000977]
[51.79323196411133]
[86.553466796875]
[81.21231079101562]
[151.96075439453125]
[72.6193618774414]
[2.28324294090271]
[2.334878444671631]
[4.053516864776611]
[2.344632625579834]
[20.06769561767578]
[289.3407897949219]
[30.234485626220703]
[15.440354347229004]
[2.340649366378784]
[8.501829147338867]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[353.3578186035156]
[29.552106857299805]
[2.5738375186920166]
[82.12568664550781]
[246.33041381835938]
[161.21209716796875]
[2.3055343627929688]
[4.005700588226318]
[7.796266555786133]
[10.667906761169434]
[2.6660680770874023]
[0.22947271168231964]
[776.7337646484375]
[0.8785844445228577]
[187.7061004638672]
[2.278900384902954]
[1.4130308628082275]
[3.1104705333709717]
[4.19685697555542]
[8.513025283813477]
[22.22015953063965]
[0.9442007541656494]
[3.963681936264038]
[15.405274391174316]
[73.90011596679688]
[18.09807777404785]
[4.972798824310303]
[2.1068406105041504]
[38.10392761230469]
[216.9566650390625]
[2.7535343170166016]
[2.0217065811157227]
[2.0209593772888184]
[10.479025840759277]
[3.3119711875915527]
[1.7070764303207397]
[29.580148696899414]
[0.8931299448013306]
[52.5992317199707]
[78.33660888671875]
[12.531564712524414]
[1.9599201679229736]
[258.9493408203125]
[298.336181640625]
[0.4254770278930664]
[1.8820524215698242]
[14.792497634887695]
[14.299887657165527]
[1.8994837999343872]
[4.656785011291504]
[49.89132308959961]
[64.86644744873047]
[0.8632462024688721]
[94.35540008544922]
[36.460304260253906]
[0.7783974409103394]
[2.983675241470337]
[3.703543186187744]
[37.78204345703125]
[3.4224460124969482]
[8.131824493408203]
[3.0387580394744873]
[1.9820280075073242]
[2.6077258586883545]
[193.45953369140625]
[121.5185317993164]
[138.8053436279297]
[144.70716857910156]
[1.479824185371399]
[1.8323161602020264]
[4.253633975982666]
[75.65125274658203]
[0.8542030453681946]
[2.1806278228759766]
[11.895049095153809]
[0.14995600283145905]
[38.870792388916016]
[193.0210723876953]
[0.8934277892112732]
[101.85778045654297]
[30.246227264404297]
[4.562836170196533]
[254.7820281982422]
[2.699770212173462]
[6.452146053314209]
[4.17429256439209]
[250.45086669921875]
[6.7459211349487305]
[1.4915615320205688]
[22.113801956176758]
[7.339134693145752]
[1.3143012523651123]
[1.8475805521011353]
[477.380126953125]
[1092.700439453125]
[52.06947326660156]
[1.7992302179336548]
[2.1529738903045654]
[2.1714632511138916]
[1.8392348289489746]
[1.831615924835205]
[1.3803950548171997]
[42.02227020263672]
[1.8038582801818848]
[1.7945458889007568]
[6.906976699829102]
[161.55819702148438]
[1.7375235557556152]
[542.0921020507812]
[7.591299057006836]
[12.2490816116333]
[55.03416061401367]
[10.185832977294922]
[0.8674389719963074]
[16.08329963684082]
[1.9126847982406616]
[0.6402190923690796]
[3.5410375595092773]
[11.352017402648926]
[107.28060913085938]
[229.1820831298828]
[6.677980422973633]
[6.0091400146484375]
[1.629370927810669]
[14.727067947387695]
[2093.6005859375]
[3.479490041732788]
[9.247115135192871]
[6.523096084594727]
[2.462698221206665]
[151.1500244140625]
[8.919564247131348]
[1.3601962327957153]
[1.7612409591674805]
[0.8071402907371521]
[1.8331831693649292]
[5.566461086273193]
[3.6996569633483887]
[17.613218307495117]
[5.501577377319336]
[10.741894721984863]
[1871.362060546875]
[11.295418739318848]
[1.3311842679977417]
[124.93391418457031]
[1.995885968208313]
[51.682762145996094]
[1.7939236164093018]
[199.35377502441406]
[111.4626693725586]
[1.9073266983032227]
[558.445068359375]
[6.333392143249512]
[41.38929748535156]
[1.8057327270507812]
[0.9946743249893188]
[1.2552900314331055]
[36.746849060058594]
[1.136002779006958]
[5.21433162689209]
[0.7499791979789734]
[2.102893114089966]
[1.5962481498718262]
[13.850717544555664]
[154.01864624023438]
[103.49166107177734]
[110.43218994140625]
[15.6490478515625]
[0.7721339464187622]
[3.187532663345337]
[6.154521942138672]
[1.8405299186706543]
[27.398820877075195]
[12.772481918334961]
[29.938522338867188]
[4.418063163757324]
[54.99471664428711]
[111.11201477050781]
[116.25968933105469]
[42.57174301147461]
[1.9429506063461304]
[1.9868119955062866]
[8.392425537109375]
[3.703369379043579]
[1.351738452911377]
[938.1314697265625]
[7.6521897315979]
[19.10475730895996]
[450.11553955078125]
[9.477752685546875]
[822.6559448242188]
[1.4794176816940308]
[3.685410499572754]
[3.0624780654907227]
[0.8339074850082397]
[2.013334035873413]
[170.7703094482422]
[3.6574230194091797]
[4.93449592590332]
[136.42774963378906]
[1.9759935140609741]
[102.01171112060547]
[30.241737365722656]
[1.3760877847671509]
[59.599952697753906]
[4.721453666687012]
[8.741812705993652]
[5.992731094360352]
[6.6726555824279785]
[26.678054809570312]
[1.520501971244812]
[516.9639282226562]
[2.010441541671753]
[1.9333736896514893]
[118.03443145751953]
[3.983412981033325]
[5.613427639007568]
[1.754796028137207]
[1.9809532165527344]
[8.084028244018555]
[11.629430770874023]
[14.008533477783203]
[1214.215576171875]
[3.0902130603790283]
[8.329180717468262]
[1.9748955965042114]
[0.14186275005340576]
[504.0348815917969]
[1.8787505626678467]
[11.057587623596191]
[5.389430522918701]
[80.40437316894531]
[102.03693389892578]
[2.938657283782959]
[2.0957608222961426]
[1.5298831462860107]
[9.499324798583984]
[177.0166778564453]
[0.12451028823852539]
[1459.03662109375]
[8.318984031677246]
[5.33629035949707]
[17.816246032714844]
[96.42251586914062]
[1.8811744451522827]
[4.392995834350586]
[3.043032646179199]
[1.4199328422546387]
[0.6334136724472046]
[1.7824281454086304]
[2.5263378620147705]
[24.97723960876465]
[7.183830738067627]
[1.7248218059539795]
[11095.2958984375]
[1.965302586555481]
[1.7656517028808594]
[1.6016408205032349]
[1.927506685256958]
[1.0310187339782715]
[3.200594186782837]
[3.4583840370178223]
[166.27432250976562]
[92.78634643554688]
[6.491399765014648]
[1.8670190572738647]
[10.161962509155273]
[11.286490440368652]
[0.7774122357368469]
[4.851380825042725]
[1.8021317720413208]
[7.850570201873779]
[38.154205322265625]
[52.05121612548828]
[1.6749670505523682]
[9.825355529785156]
[61.883689880371094]
[40.49211502075195]
[1.6416375637054443]
[6.383342266082764]
[1.5794456005096436]
[12.260296821594238]
[6.697717666625977]
[1.3367407321929932]
[252.34548950195312]
[39.27262878417969]
[1.5232019424438477]
[7.991830348968506]
[67.32086944580078]
[1.3125582933425903]
[10.855067253112793]
[4.525211334228516]
[1054.6917724609375]
[1.6666781902313232]
[2.664642095565796]
[76.46041870117188]
[0.25133180618286133]
[207.62757873535156]
[279.3867492675781]
[2.9876937866210938]
[16.706562042236328]
[449.3979187011719]
[40.489295959472656]
[0.9578866362571716]
[74.25637817382812]
[8.226557731628418]
[1.8998059034347534]
[1.067113995552063]
[1.9938254356384277]
[1.78290593624115]
[11.882292747497559]
[53.96339797973633]
[37.887447357177734]
[24.031179428100586]
[12.98077392578125]
[6.508021354675293]
[54.440521240234375]
[163.48150634765625]
[5.013435363769531]
[9.042684555053711]
[1.6357567310333252]
[10.198113441467285]
[0.804807722568512]
[103.57271575927734]
[1.647061824798584]
[15.614825248718262]
[16.860023498535156]
[31.586030960083008]
[2.0632858276367188]
[0.6750363111495972]
[3.391707420349121]
[1.8308165073394775]
[5.374622821807861]
[1.3160459995269775]
[62.17665100097656]
[1.7993731498718262]
[3.9235498905181885]
[2.0007941722869873]
[3.1439099311828613]
[2.417198896408081]
[1.8234943151474]
[36.78976821899414]
[0.7105695605278015]
[8.716712951660156]
[151.8093719482422]
[5.764838695526123]
[65.06275177001953]
[1.7758948802947998]
[102.18536376953125]
[53.47822189331055]
[2.6114981174468994]
[6.90421199798584]
[25.9977970123291]
[537.0308837890625]
[353.5849609375]
[49.32381820678711]
[2.2664496898651123]
[4.146484375]
[1.5117287635803223]
[506.17510986328125]
[3.434102773666382]
[3.650425434112549]
[1.2899093627929688]
[12.221600532531738]
[1.8297020196914673]
[1.8722405433654785]
[2.467378616333008]
[67.46846771240234]
[49.40928268432617]
[1.6522952318191528]
[72.18917846679688]
[17.75669288635254]
[29.915056228637695]
[2.83982515335083]
[2.988454580307007]
[96.10197448730469]
[31.756406784057617]
[128.73257446289062]
[59.48439025878906]
[278.449951171875]
[13.445279121398926]
[7.227464199066162]
[0.8075551390647888]
[1.7939964532852173]
[651.3518676757812]
[29.16744613647461]
[123.60679626464844]
[3.854109287261963]
[288.5774230957031]
[16.745967864990234]
[7.296083927154541]
[2.1942358016967773]
[1.6172473430633545]
[0.9323439598083496]
[35.75920486450195]
[3.61749267578125]
[166.67625427246094]
[1488.34521484375]
[4.5981831550598145]
[17.993919372558594]
[5.341687202453613]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[6.859545707702637]
[2.252655029296875]
[1.9049817323684692]
[1.6259921789169312]
[4.77493143081665]
[3.4870734214782715]
[0.7508041262626648]
[33.6049690246582]
[23.624773025512695]
[38.13896942138672]
[17.307079315185547]
[15.286005973815918]
[6.668892860412598]
[12.969691276550293]
[4.125534534454346]
[77.99396514892578]
[15.555780410766602]
[118.9946060180664]
[1.5365525484085083]
[1.1407742500305176]
[41.00791549682617]
[2.396505117416382]
[34.28313446044922]
[3.088414192199707]
[1.893946647644043]
[23.526630401611328]
[4.119126796722412]
[27.046977996826172]
[43.733802795410156]
[1.7912155389785767]
[64.7038803100586]
[155.0102081298828]
[1.3740330934524536]
[7.858757495880127]
[5.414384365081787]
[1.284820556640625]
[6.918075084686279]
[12.39886474609375]
[6.923586845397949]
[115.21058654785156]
[1.5399725437164307]
[65.6573715209961]
[1.6505070924758911]
[8.228509902954102]
[161.0491180419922]
[17.922086715698242]
[1.7029696702957153]
[0.10507907718420029]
[4436.32373046875]
[3.0990707874298096]
[13.056650161743164]
[3.0182595252990723]
[18.836685180664062]
[26.95940589904785]
[8.274298667907715]
[217.73899841308594]
[1.6778228282928467]
[3.7251906394958496]
[10.05261516571045]
[43.02558135986328]
[1.6345356702804565]
[53.773841857910156]
[30089.779296875]
[4.079312324523926]
[12.434382438659668]
[3.918600082397461]
[4.502636432647705]
[1.6205432415008545]
[2.166196346282959]
[774.0457153320312]
[0.3458983302116394]
[72.56560516357422]
[99.89935302734375]
[1.1139552593231201]
[1071.2958984375]
[38.76869201660156]
[24.008142471313477]
[1.9680649042129517]
[21.136075973510742]
[101.2936782836914]
[1401.087158203125]
[2737.15869140625]
[0.5541185140609741]
[206.46681213378906]
[22.23015785217285]
[6.79159688949585]
[73.11473846435547]
[4.048511505126953]
[2.0923829078674316]
[2.6181881427764893]
[186.1893310546875]
[175.60670471191406]
[1.5503534078598022]
[27.313467025756836]
[1.2149220705032349]
[1.9028511047363281]
[47.451072692871094]
[8.135261535644531]
[351.3388366699219]
[7.8869428634643555]
[46.82720184326172]
[6.0230231285095215]
[6.756765365600586]
[2.3679544925689697]
[2.1038389205932617]
[2.2011916637420654]
[235.94798278808594]
[9.775345802307129]
[62.280487060546875]
[2.620851993560791]
[36.20349884033203]
[2.0040369033813477]
[2.221808671951294]
[5.410006523132324]
[1.9683877229690552]
[1.9561467170715332]
[8.615191459655762]
[154.3866729736328]
[235.63426208496094]
[1.2455309629440308]
[10.916171073913574]
[181.26507568359375]
[2.436089038848877]
[3.715031385421753]
[51.11195755004883]
[4.211252212524414]
[3.3287172317504883]
[5.9876389503479]
[3103.134765625]
[57.15163040161133]
[10.981403350830078]
[12.44302749633789]
[421.4932861328125]
[763.0369262695312]
[7.815424919128418]
[2.2444472312927246]
[7.801653861999512]
[2.0007808208465576]
[307.1201477050781]
[1534.871826171875]
[0.9538772702217102]
[3.0601511001586914]
[16.385150909423828]
[288.42041015625]
[29.162691116333008]
[298.39520263671875]
[4.7662506103515625]
[118.23751831054688]
[275.8910827636719]
[146.5294952392578]
[9.855354309082031]
[108.90914916992188]
[43.3570442199707]
[2.3875272274017334]
[4.77192497253418]
[14.827251434326172]
[2.236969232559204]
[38.04269027709961]
[3.0544161796569824]
[138.88316345214844]
[6.809042453765869]
[210.50872802734375]
[5.903370380401611]
[2.176593065261841]
[3.298985004425049]
[3.545200824737549]
[14.512359619140625]
[222.6236114501953]
[4.560852527618408]
[11.362462043762207]
[20.043325424194336]
[770.2457275390625]
[196.35394287109375]
[8.270650863647461]
[1.5960817337036133]
[100.9480209350586]
[4.948643684387207]
[6.5605621337890625]
[55.659645080566406]
[1.9903454780578613]
[114.13203430175781]
[17.937122344970703]
[7.5134196281433105]
[5.026354789733887]
[9.640157699584961]
[51.207618713378906]
[425.05609130859375]
[2.901228427886963]
[1.0453171730041504]
[4.538018703460693]
[2.280231237411499]
[7.220561981201172]
[6.71458625793457]
[3.4321274757385254]
[408.26214599609375]
[13.516776084899902]
[30.764432907104492]
[0.12697234749794006]
[6.407446384429932]
[1.6715354919433594]
[1.7143903970718384]
[6.918516635894775]
[37.536231994628906]
[9.486309051513672]
[22.697603225708008]
[4.337889194488525]
[31.12238311767578]
[122.78182983398438]
[14.567268371582031]
[12.400113105773926]
[5.428382396697998]
[0.8158622980117798]
[27.278697967529297]
[1.6916111707687378]
[15.878680229187012]
[739.3591918945312]
[33.82536697387695]
[1.8253053426742554]
[1.6010173559188843]
[126.7191390991211]
[19.674551010131836]
[1.850398302078247]
[190.22169494628906]
[1.4584853649139404]
[8.865257263183594]
[219.71897888183594]
[1.8275256156921387]
[2.1256003379821777]
[39.26210021972656]
[1.6484524011611938]
[10.365910530090332]
[3.146498680114746]
[15.192712783813477]
[1723.2498779296875]
[17.954504013061523]
[4.236063480377197]
[9.129632949829102]
[1.733073115348816]
[1.4159926176071167]
[661.2095947265625]
[29.974620819091797]
[5.226222038269043]
[18.12810707092285]
[6.181056499481201]
[52.88642501831055]
[2.226327419281006]
[36.25749206542969]
[13.656085968017578]
[63.77641296386719]
[229.5733184814453]
[1.5261667966842651]
[275.6114196777344]
[6.9597673416137695]
[3.212951421737671]
[0.723022997379303]
[14.89999771118164]
[8.111931800842285]
[206.38719177246094]
[1.9524621963500977]
[5.91706657409668]
[0.6200129985809326]
[42.06377029418945]
[2.808103084564209]
[6.820255279541016]
[1303.8212890625]
[1.3137953281402588]
[2.573490619659424]
[3.1173691749572754]
[12.74604606628418]
[28.68344497680664]
[0.761004626750946]
[4.555994510650635]
[113.12347412109375]
[6.809283256530762]
[3.924386978149414]
[4.114212989807129]
[1.6983399391174316]
[48.50517272949219]
[31.61431884765625]
[29.254850387573242]
[41.11800765991211]
[3.4481048583984375]
[93.73594665527344]
[5.1250810623168945]
[117.1201171875]
[0.6789259910583496]
[17.731250762939453]
[1.5691783428192139]
[7.077872276306152]
[5.591587543487549]
[44.64057540893555]
[1.7835055589675903]
[1.7794286012649536]
[29.856060028076172]
[4.449771881103516]
[192.81430053710938]
[1.016433596611023]
[15.088244438171387]
[0.9895052313804626]
[11.031352996826172]
[183.81227111816406]
[913.3348388671875]
[4.1030683517456055]
[1.7226006984710693]
[1.695664405822754]
[0.8213574290275574]
[0.7104928493499756]
[1.1445623636245728]
[0.8132710456848145]
[0.8134171366691589]
[2.2070205211639404]
[114.16329956054688]
[34.20138931274414]
[87.03485107421875]
[7.694858551025391]
[18.856050491333008]
[6.739841461181641]
[0.8244838714599609]
[28.413616180419922]
[38.8182258605957]
[1.641319751739502]
[3.8376548290252686]
[1.0323760509490967]
[15.002891540527344]
[2.730639934539795]
[208.81912231445312]
[339.8594665527344]
[2.5475966930389404]
[1.3300248384475708]
[1.7035638093948364]
[1.696881890296936]
[0.16783668100833893]
[1.0572339296340942]
[7.408965587615967]
[1.729679822921753]
[22.8975830078125]
[1.3391318321228027]
[30.233766555786133]
[13.006644248962402]
[9.71371841430664]
[130.6697998046875]
[97.26873016357422]
[7.476850509643555]
[6.193739414215088]
[44.556396484375]
[2.0046067237854004]
[1807.2685546875]
[4.956239700317383]
[7.1984028816223145]
[324.6416320800781]
[1.6317048072814941]
[0.15679562091827393]
[9.611054420471191]
[16.70106315612793]
[1.4391897916793823]
[52.68556213378906]
[244.5825653076172]
[2.2654757499694824]
[1.5891146659851074]
[1.2099000215530396]
[40.547454833984375]
[16.256364822387695]
[149.97763061523438]
[42.577598571777344]
[3.932542085647583]
[3.915334701538086]
[1.4007304906845093]
[1.5998669862747192]
[1.590632677078247]
[812.9453735351562]
[121.36540222167969]
[99.98291015625]
[13.247516632080078]
[108.9483413696289]
[3.6214380264282227]
[3.3972277641296387]
[413.88336181640625]
[4588.4638671875]
[223.35629272460938]
[1.0252904891967773]
[386.116455078125]
[104.02088928222656]
[2.9672467708587646]
[17.733539581298828]
[151.93797302246094]
[9.744372367858887]
[10.786762237548828]
[3.4546566009521484]
[29.39354705810547]
[50.79690933227539]
[1535.0419921875]
[65.65473175048828]
[2.051557779312134]
[10.88703727722168]
[1.57183837890625]
[28.720205307006836]
[7.017977237701416]
[86.90245056152344]
[14.79302978515625]
[1.7949126958847046]
[1.5118865966796875]
[0.7192676067352295]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[24.453310012817383]
[27.905683517456055]
[1.8454023599624634]
[28.050962448120117]
[8.660869598388672]
[9.505402565002441]
[2.9191763401031494]
[7.795523643493652]
[931.6420288085938]
[234.25096130371094]
[35.00242233276367]
[29.691143035888672]
[1.6048555374145508]
[1.7773284912109375]
[1.7009719610214233]
[37.92787551879883]
[17.627540588378906]
[1.8321731090545654]
[318.0214538574219]
[0.7009734511375427]
[6.551513671875]
[1308.818603515625]
[11190.134765625]
[1.1873704195022583]
[112.21585083007812]
[83.25714111328125]
[2.001004934310913]
[9.936930656433105]
[1.2975267171859741]
[385.167236328125]
[7.0225396156311035]
[0.2661224603652954]
[11.669432640075684]
[3.9406087398529053]
[40.79409408569336]
[1.9654322862625122]
[38.563777923583984]
[55.63777160644531]
[79.76380157470703]
[6.278891086578369]
[29.868297576904297]
[0.27123305201530457]
[10.761390686035156]
[4.611166954040527]
[373.1349182128906]
[59.106109619140625]
[1.9124490022659302]
[40.7840690612793]
[11.875643730163574]
[1.6299782991409302]
[5.952272891998291]
[1.9292809963226318]
[57.19972610473633]
[0.9181357622146606]
[1.4926093816757202]
[1.4931252002716064]
[31.10055923461914]
[2.6907739639282227]
[129.48997497558594]
[0.9207806587219238]
[1.4427777528762817]
[56.5128173828125]
[4.3911356925964355]
[19.119701385498047]
[12.889924049377441]
[3.201310634613037]
[3.1427853107452393]
[1.0128097534179688]
[1.7353379726409912]
[1071.2047119140625]
[1.12576425075531]
[13.22874641418457]
[49.72039031982422]
[3.5699844360351562]
[5.202212333679199]
[17.949926376342773]
[47.15116882324219]
[45.025238037109375]
[5.6914825439453125]
[136.73704528808594]
[182.32540893554688]
[131.49493408203125]
[7.413492202758789]
[59.1101188659668]
[2.9429714679718018]
[22.413026809692383]
[33.479026794433594]
[1.8070493936538696]
[1.855157732963562]
[10.861306190490723]
[206.15232849121094]
[1.8613920211791992]
[0.8160304427146912]
[190.04505920410156]
[52.224334716796875]
[127.19380950927734]
[28.192707061767578]
[71.56436157226562]
[1.0306397676467896]
[2.8870503902435303]
[1.9454071521759033]
[1.3006304502487183]
[414.04339599609375]
[4.384037494659424]
[14.582326889038086]
[17.920671463012695]
[3.376477003097534]
[0.17959998548030853]
[96.86099243164062]
[1.758015751838684]
[1.6122969388961792]
[3.8736493587493896]
[9.416360855102539]
[1.5867046117782593]
[5.5506978034973145]
[2.114776372909546]
[1.5706385374069214]
[43.59226608276367]
[16.72332000732422]
[1.5587421655654907]
[1.5540385246276855]
[33.414955139160156]
[71.0802993774414]
[6.781769275665283]
[1.5351486206054688]
[187.4404296875]
[7.098638534545898]
[14.133845329284668]
[1.553117275238037]
[16.983983993530273]
[4.336413383483887]
[173.2609405517578]
[6063.9580078125]
[66.13159942626953]
[14.174564361572266]
[870.1651611328125]
[4.657537937164307]
[1.0455504655838013]
[1.0905735492706299]
[3.938018798828125]
[4.36601448059082]
[2.8833189010620117]
[3.2448925971984863]
[1.6965712308883667]
[0.2950713634490967]
[3.8523993492126465]
[1.133346676826477]
[0.19471994042396545]
[80.0670166015625]
[22.30416488647461]
[1.736873745918274]
[284.7475891113281]
[3.236431360244751]
[22.51205825805664]
[1.8049525022506714]
[331.6636962890625]
[2.279676914215088]
[1.528694748878479]
[150.95069885253906]
[33.026451110839844]
[11.721966743469238]
[1.1145813465118408]
[14.507238388061523]
[3.8711612224578857]
[10.832510948181152]
[43.710636138916016]
[6.586209297180176]
[11.686718940734863]
[4.4182658195495605]
[0.8114278316497803]
[525.3193969726562]
[12.312187194824219]
[1.455356240272522]
[1.8089616298675537]
[14.8392972946167]
[8.174532890319824]
[1.2314174175262451]
[236.91810607910156]
[4.011816024780273]
[2.297384738922119]
[16.523300170898438]
[1.371570110321045]
[38776.98828125]
[5.3568925857543945]
[169.87916564941406]
[6.356283664703369]
[3.522615432739258]
[2.1941986083984375]
[5.4104509353637695]
[2.064826250076294]
[38.5786247253418]
[23.184608459472656]
[102.92009735107422]
[2.5231130123138428]
[397.7578125]
[23.339336395263672]
[2.135014772415161]
[2.7547333240509033]
[98.75625610351562]
[21.138473510742188]
[505.1317443847656]
[5.07296085357666]
[92.94548797607422]
[15.402545928955078]
[2.753607749938965]
[2505.163818359375]
[1.1088309288024902]
[2.990199327468872]
[2.3513290882110596]
[1.062480092048645]
[66.4715805053711]
[14.12850570678711]
[3.197866201400757]
[136.3387451171875]
[2.3814401626586914]
[6.026578903198242]
[62.55282211303711]
[6.271836757659912]
[1.9750912189483643]
[27.35357093811035]
[2.355445146560669]
[2.2161996364593506]
[17.935726165771484]
[1.0751869678497314]
[1.2995601892471313]
[2.2812366485595703]
[2.122711658477783]
[1.4786189794540405]
[1.9878361225128174]
[2.074954032897949]
[145.21798706054688]
[0.24285461008548737]
[3.79890775680542]
[2.0491278171539307]
[2.480334997177124]
[60.5100212097168]
[1.8683526515960693]
[0.3820716142654419]
[10.90617561340332]
[1.9564459323883057]
[20621.345703125]
[1.8411999940872192]
[3.695187568664551]
[128.82656860351562]
[1.739290714263916]
[11.446331977844238]
[103.8980941772461]
[4.195281028747559]
[31.387434005737305]
[1.4373273849487305]
[67.34368133544922]
[0.7962166666984558]
[53.6718864440918]
[13.16040325164795]
[2.1550393104553223]
[0.36038509011268616]
[4.168715000152588]
[92.70516967773438]
[10.148770332336426]
[1.3350945711135864]
[1.3182116746902466]
[2.257310390472412]
[2.262995719909668]
[4.4031877517700195]
[2.3143105506896973]
[25.053434371948242]
[52.85261535644531]
[6.175008773803711]
[159.75482177734375]
[8.084662437438965]
[3.2966856956481934]
[0.8391364812850952]
[48.277015686035156]
[221.3294677734375]
[12.216521263122559]
[788.9173583984375]
[5.07469367980957]
[97.22805786132812]
[292.7342529296875]
[10.435503005981445]
[2718.884033203125]
[1.3075610399246216]
[18.91184425354004]
[21.340736389160156]
[5.263324737548828]
[162.67173767089844]
[43.47808074951172]
[32.8930778503418]
[456.8821105957031]
[30.208415985107422]
[889.464599609375]
[1516.3690185546875]
[0.7634015083312988]
[0.19785204529762268]
[7.377974033355713]
[1749.2166748046875]
[1.8438050746917725]
[55.510616302490234]
[56.766536712646484]
[1.8456350564956665]
[54.175418853759766]
[0.7776570916175842]
[60.779571533203125]
[162.7650909423828]
[14.968265533447266]
[3.6049675941467285]
[12.608514785766602]
[9.067517280578613]
[1.7366565465927124]
[18.391096115112305]
[192.40769958496094]
[3.955537796020508]
[0.7928151488304138]
[91.40811157226562]
[1.7928590774536133]
[1.2310274839401245]
[4.745617866516113]
[2.440999746322632]
[112.92961120605469]
[0.6840226650238037]
[1.598929762840271]
[7.1629815101623535]
[1.9726217985153198]
[9.762953758239746]
[10.290667533874512]
[1.9787397384643555]
[107.61388397216797]
[1.1262128353118896]
[1.619015097618103]
[38.45771789550781]
[3.8094305992126465]
[22.62887191772461]
[95.78825378417969]
[1.6809821128845215]
[1.6704301834106445]
[1.6584532260894775]
[3.16093111038208]
[4.8034987449646]
[2.382103681564331]
[10.997028350830078]
[2.962311029434204]
[6.172747611999512]
[34.3221435546875]
[1.3737211227416992]
[30.702470779418945]
[1.1572779417037964]
[7.984811305999756]
[9.061064720153809]
[2.4307761192321777]
[6.437859058380127]
[1.5304697751998901]
[1.524137258529663]
[137.7236785888672]
[1.5307090282440186]
[190.49063110351562]
[11.318302154541016]
[1.2129281759262085]
[1.1902683973312378]
[0.7274981141090393]
[7.397822856903076]
[4.507556915283203]
[5.157789707183838]
[39.82772445678711]
[21.276611328125]
[5.870228290557861]
[1.8504163026809692]
[16.035869598388672]
[1.4850212335586548]
[0.6465663909912109]
[2.528357982635498]
[7.323676109313965]
[2.364605665206909]
[6.9249749183654785]
[0.7890481352806091]
[38.662437438964844]
[0.9164837598800659]
[1.5102123022079468]
[27.663427352905273]
[6.758180618286133]
[1.6004306077957153]
[5.588176250457764]
[25.282970428466797]
[27.013948440551758]
[2.339768886566162]
[1.4983094930648804]
[1.1496520042419434]
[2.5962657928466797]
[38.29669189453125]
[22.091341018676758]
[0.6797801852226257]
[3.812185764312744]
[9.94324016571045]
[6.144791126251221]
[9.301410675048828]
[1.4660398960113525]
[9.296099662780762]
[7.213137626647949]
[5.9901442527771]
[0.6497989892959595]
[3.574094772338867]
[13.483171463012695]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[18.67491340637207]
[8.53917121887207]
[31.830114364624023]
[1.4832947254180908]
[1351.9390869140625]
[6.297001838684082]
[0.7320432066917419]
[114.90625762939453]
[38.824623107910156]
[2.880014419555664]
[3.647300958633423]
[42.729915618896484]
[54.66472625732422]
[1.4162062406539917]
[100.18372344970703]
[39.272220611572266]
[9.64138412475586]
[146.89370727539062]
[102.22486114501953]
[1.3839640617370605]
[0.9857044219970703]
[5220.4501953125]
[1031.0369873046875]
[0.6069971919059753]
[4558.17236328125]
[147.62075805664062]
[6.716823101043701]
[0.7109593749046326]
[0.6257011890411377]
[86.08809661865234]
[1.5922032594680786]
[0.6789169311523438]
[11.14783000946045]
[9.067302703857422]
[2.3654863834381104]
[10.612709999084473]
[12.767264366149902]
[43.26811599731445]
[43.92335891723633]
[1.6525808572769165]
[1.1398180723190308]
[7.350220203399658]
[1.7180700302124023]
[9.774155616760254]
[137.66546630859375]
[4.525219917297363]
[1356.862548828125]
[2.7448885440826416]
[5.231482028961182]
[1.7499949932098389]
[176.7489776611328]
[1.3133386373519897]
[153.5830078125]
[66.7138442993164]
[169.1834716796875]
[159.013916015625]
[4.486341953277588]
[1.869560956954956]
[4.4705071449279785]
[4.191819190979004]
[0.13389553129673004]
[1.7743394374847412]
[3.7448694705963135]
[62.556583404541016]
[1.1751915216445923]
[273.4731140136719]
[68.0947036743164]
[2.968134880065918]
[23.935874938964844]
[3.2358450889587402]
[42.03647994995117]
[88.33495330810547]
[6.318464279174805]
[2.618882656097412]
[1.4690393209457397]
[22.728551864624023]
[1.5670406818389893]
[56.512611389160156]
[14.763169288635254]
[1.5928112268447876]
[84.24186706542969]
[6.223962783813477]
[0.6382415890693665]
[1.4718672037124634]
[1.9503947496414185]
[10.741803169250488]
[1.5909652709960938]
[12.365756034851074]
[1.623521327972412]
[3.6011550426483154]
[113.24263763427734]
[146.72344970703125]
[173.28883361816406]
[0.638445258140564]
[1.7881871461868286]
[14.213460922241211]
[12.348036766052246]
[13.964913368225098]
[1.597882866859436]
[8.494049072265625]
[2.969160795211792]
[1.5867795944213867]
[2.068215847015381]
[1.2545249462127686]
[89.84001159667969]
[410.437744140625]
[24.226238250732422]
[9.027870178222656]
[7.8197526931762695]
[0.5977851748466492]
[159.79368591308594]
[11.685436248779297]
[1.5814775228500366]
[28.7469539642334]
[431.6068420410156]
[0.9016091227531433]
[9.165788650512695]
[18.728057861328125]
[0.6819905042648315]
[20.649629592895508]
[155.5648956298828]
[136.4462432861328]
[1.5447821617126465]
[4.112887382507324]
[9.221327781677246]
[1.5070644617080688]
[6.718728542327881]
[92.8090591430664]
[253.71803283691406]
[13.560890197753906]
[811.5036010742188]
[150.63619995117188]
[8.030599594116211]
[797.1963500976562]
[19.798925399780273]
[127.31330108642578]
[2.6247925758361816]
[3.384411573410034]
[30.222091674804688]
[15.258434295654297]
[1011.718994140625]
[1.5265308618545532]
[2.828425884246826]
[14.696039199829102]
[13.411622047424316]
[75.94438934326172]
[0.1412975937128067]
[25.441308975219727]
[1.5175617933273315]
[1.084202766418457]
[13.480510711669922]
[10.318351745605469]
[10.371711730957031]
[1.465004563331604]
[4.80125617980957]
[76.28305053710938]
[592.517578125]
[121.80865478515625]
[38.71391296386719]
[948.0557861328125]
[95.7276840209961]
[1047.646484375]
[170.76849365234375]
[5.8236846923828125]
[86.46424865722656]
[1.5547802448272705]
[8.69845199584961]
[15.138703346252441]
[1.5934746265411377]
[18.724082946777344]
[1.9306422472000122]
[6.577557563781738]
[43.56094741821289]
[169.4799041748047]
[169.38304138183594]
[13.72850227355957]
[44.6956672668457]
[1270.9085693359375]
[11.51827621459961]
[19.869091033935547]
[9.120244979858398]
[5.1345109939575195]
[2.1338744163513184]
[15.665461540222168]
[0.7820403575897217]
[1.5680835247039795]
[39.05332946777344]
[11.281826972961426]
[0.6987301707267761]
[95.0306625366211]
[9.345471382141113]
[1.8857028484344482]
[8046.201171875]
[0.702250599861145]
[0.6959051489830017]
[8.959630966186523]
[3.0440118312835693]
[111.52971649169922]
[733.0567016601562]
[0.7340759038925171]
[1.4184881448745728]
[100.50564575195312]
[1.5498707294464111]
[86.1349105834961]
[1.5916149616241455]
[0.7873835563659668]
[1.5608153343200684]
[1.1375712156295776]
[1008.3272705078125]
[39.76778030395508]
[67.42683410644531]
[1.5473530292510986]
[1.935137152671814]
[1.5368958711624146]
[32.44694519042969]
[161.9862060546875]
[137.0130615234375]
[26.275413513183594]
[11.055041313171387]
[0.9569424390792847]
[3.4302637577056885]
[1.4102809429168701]
[2.8126914501190186]
[7.218502044677734]
[3.429903507232666]
[1.4093841314315796]
[30.563692092895508]
[1.275557518005371]
[12.988507270812988]
[13.214695930480957]
[1.3095535039901733]
[1.4612046480178833]
[1.4361118078231812]
[33.76970291137695]
[2.778224229812622]
[3.347341537475586]
[61.18227005004883]
[1.110244870185852]
[16.92139434814453]
[2239.874267578125]
[39.52369689941406]
[1.4549864530563354]
[27.84926986694336]
[3.1177685260772705]
[1.6095564365386963]
[5.868851184844971]
[1.5249807834625244]
[2.198589324951172]
[548.8082275390625]
[1.5384776592254639]
[60.557193756103516]
[7.179243564605713]
[2.6193456649780273]
[1.5473788976669312]
[1.1292048692703247]
[15.801257133483887]
[1.0454002618789673]
[0.7845044136047363]
[22.1810302734375]
[21.405406951904297]
[1.210822343826294]
[2.8966140747070312]
[1.565454125404358]
[1.128138542175293]
[1.3144173622131348]
[451.8363037109375]
[25.518630981445312]
[3.0248873233795166]
[15.533034324645996]
[58.88056945800781]
[33.689208984375]
[0.7857632637023926]
[39.26323318481445]
[6.2886176109313965]
[2.6905319690704346]
[1.2087920904159546]
[0.8307329416275024]
[31.206649780273438]
[0.1867208480834961]
[30.385034561157227]
[2.0738396644592285]
[1126.7574462890625]
[39.37553024291992]
[1.5841141939163208]
[2.590221643447876]
[93.35321044921875]
[97.27545928955078]
[106.1810531616211]
[13.109360694885254]
[58.3619270324707]
[5.975429534912109]
[5.263035297393799]
[993.8941650390625]
[36.51116943359375]
[386.5374755859375]
[1.6163661479949951]
[5.860382556915283]
[14.51906967163086]
[1.3639849424362183]
[1.2529059648513794]
[6.646795272827148]
[48.191917419433594]
[50.907379150390625]
[533.0789184570312]
[3.229921579360962]
[1138.6539306640625]
[1.6639983654022217]
[1.283299446105957]
[3.892561435699463]
[519.9747924804688]
[29.280258178710938]
[13.13870620727539]
[0.7989833950996399]
[131.7327117919922]
[2.023655414581299]
[2.674311637878418]
[3.3471059799194336]
[1.6816165447235107]
[1.6756123304367065]
[16.403627395629883]
[1.0476508140563965]
[79.6532974243164]
[33.129493713378906]
[16.540420532226562]
[1.6066174507141113]
[680.8186645507812]
[107.35315704345703]
[3.360020637512207]
[468.99456787109375]
[15.74871826171875]
[54.87730026245117]
[5.899824619293213]
[14.428343772888184]
[0.1249852254986763]
[1.4904519319534302]
[3.7552053928375244]
[1.6105808019638062]
[1.9267363548278809]
[1376.466064453125]
[227.64599609375]
[14.294609069824219]
[486.8275451660156]
[5.088681221008301]
[109.20441436767578]
[1.624348759651184]
[0.7433697581291199]
[1.449927806854248]
[0.7141238451004028]
[3.388301372528076]
[37.927730560302734]
[15.696084022521973]
[4.9850077629089355]
[124.03211212158203]
[0.7093736529350281]
[4.164363861083984]
[274.8843994140625]
[3.582442283630371]
[1.6249045133590698]
[17.981651306152344]
[0.8089531660079956]
[117.46031188964844]
[0.2351309359073639]
[1.6483101844787598]
[3.480861186981201]
[164.97093200683594]
[24.71954345703125]
[28.93484115600586]
[2.373655319213867]
[2.8547756671905518]
[32.33552169799805]
[7.549130916595459]
[1.2404975891113281]
[2.6653761863708496]
[4.755087852478027]
[467.1905212402344]
[1.63136625289917]
[4.445244312286377]
[1.629441261291504]
[88.09874725341797]
[41.66143035888672]
[5.587843418121338]
[1.6211520433425903]
[10.360029220581055]
[9.518956184387207]
[12.656998634338379]
[103.87165069580078]
[9.795583724975586]
[24.555818557739258]
[24.86463165283203]
[13.663195610046387]
[1.1045581102371216]
[61.05247497558594]
[191.0518035888672]
[2.542318105697632]
[0.7538231015205383]
[8.953655242919922]
[54.12565612792969]
[68.04769897460938]
[78.8104476928711]
[0.7882052063941956]
[433.6419982910156]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[101.68614959716797]
[109.56612396240234]
[54.52545928955078]
[1.8297035694122314]
[58.496402740478516]
[3.302422523498535]
[11.007433891296387]
[1.5442345142364502]
[59.28852844238281]
[38.95130920410156]
[62.94002914428711]
[20.011058807373047]
[18.336599349975586]
[135.7925567626953]
[1.4286271333694458]
[28.166257858276367]
[32.001461029052734]
[28.035310745239258]
[13.989090919494629]
[8.888919830322266]
[1.2303054332733154]
[1.550478458404541]
[0.42140987515449524]
[35120.0234375]
[1.5156309604644775]
[7.680027961730957]
[1.554996371269226]
[4.7042975425720215]
[44.69646453857422]
[37.008060455322266]
[12.75990104675293]
[17.510005950927734]
[252.62939453125]
[188.2969207763672]
[61.209590911865234]
[19.42140769958496]
[54.1416130065918]
[95.60723876953125]
[2.149681329727173]
[107.34895324707031]
[279.6708068847656]
[298.5493469238281]
[16.114154815673828]
[3.433363437652588]
[5.53709602355957]
[440.9941101074219]
[129.00453186035156]
[2.8436877727508545]
[1018.0138549804688]
[40.791446685791016]
[59.19492721557617]
[2.1786949634552]
[194.34234619140625]
[73.31829071044922]
[230.84707641601562]
[1.812263011932373]
[1.7965872287750244]
[5.9571733474731445]
[6.935098648071289]
[6.634698867797852]
[1.5782428979873657]
[19.034730911254883]
[303.50604248046875]
[13.48031997680664]
[0.15013964474201202]
[7.787716865539551]
[7.496244430541992]
[6.265716552734375]
[19.037389755249023]
[3.0390424728393555]
[40.68077850341797]
[1.335768222808838]
[0.9662715792655945]
[58.09013366699219]
[352.8706359863281]
[1.5793434381484985]
[128.027099609375]
[81.75777435302734]
[4.605132579803467]
[12.855267524719238]
[7.5646796226501465]
[2183.44189453125]
[2.234522819519043]
[9.212089538574219]
[2.330972671508789]
[4.269364833831787]
[2135.666748046875]
[79.17332458496094]
[14.799034118652344]
[1.0674619674682617]
[102.10135650634766]
[826.6102294921875]
[39.62773132324219]
[2506.451904296875]
[1.7326254844665527]
[2127.6689453125]
[4.132209300994873]
[3.7765023708343506]
[3.647850275039673]
[0.968649685382843]
[53.31086349487305]
[911.396484375]
[100.6391830444336]
[36.5391960144043]
[83.88138580322266]
[368.05401611328125]
[9.41810131072998]
[213.4024200439453]
[3.163827896118164]
[25.38066864013672]
[1407.115478515625]
[126.53555297851562]
[7.689359188079834]
[9.092328071594238]
[193.0884246826172]
[4.029169082641602]
[9.77250862121582]
[4.914618015289307]
[8.563772201538086]
[271.1803283691406]
[6.468625545501709]
[2.5447380542755127]
[2.513803720474243]
[143.29942321777344]
[2.493744134902954]
[1.4688960313796997]
[28.483081817626953]
[11.246491432189941]
[9.399081230163574]
[3.159991502761841]
[1.112634301185608]
[0.20251554250717163]
[1.162224292755127]
[5.422753810882568]
[72.98748779296875]
[2.024552345275879]
[109.48529052734375]
[0.7106279134750366]
[4.16801643371582]
[2.0699265003204346]
[648.6232299804688]
[2.310798406600952]
[0.7163123488426208]
[7.281660079956055]
[8.206399917602539]
[1870.3201904296875]
[25.4043025970459]
[7.380404472351074]
[112.74984741210938]
[17.04711151123047]
[10.868732452392578]
[467.7936706542969]
[24.73855972290039]
[14.006173133850098]
[6.637446403503418]
[18.991466522216797]
[0.7576707601547241]
[8.930170059204102]
[2.309784173965454]
[129.637451171875]
[24.920425415039062]
[7.478682994842529]
[2.350337028503418]
[10.828914642333984]
[1.9772752523422241]
[105.21563720703125]
[1.5563534498214722]
[13.1310396194458]
[0.7069997191429138]
[38.196231842041016]
[11.080395698547363]
[14.278050422668457]
[4.291031837463379]
[132.81239318847656]
[1.0004901885986328]
[2.031468629837036]
[88.17388916015625]
[32.07511901855469]
[4745.93115234375]
[432.68011474609375]
[12.62319564819336]
[20.087642669677734]
[209.31954956054688]
[110.89971923828125]
[4.308018207550049]
[855.7591552734375]
[1.9848411083221436]
[6.517846584320068]
[0.19444023072719574]
[95.25630187988281]
[9.95462417602539]
[138.27279663085938]
[244.6720733642578]
[24.082231521606445]
[174.6741943359375]
[1.454818606376648]
[3.8291232585906982]
[1.7513198852539062]
[1.4379560947418213]
[10.071344375610352]
[22.809341430664062]
[8.891907691955566]
[1.9688496589660645]
[1.67696213722229]
[1.2667512893676758]
[7.129060745239258]
[1.5342518091201782]
[1.944410800933838]
[16.347108840942383]
[16.324508666992188]
[3.4999911785125732]
[547.653564453125]
[196.69198608398438]
[8.884820938110352]
[1.8488173484802246]
[3.742246627807617]
[1.6533430814743042]
[1.0511581897735596]
[0.6694058179855347]
[13.26136589050293]
[0.7150660753250122]
[6.047325611114502]
[49.79505920410156]
[1317.24072265625]
[3.5516533851623535]
[1.6482489109039307]
[5.927095890045166]
[59.46217727661133]
[1.253905177116394]
[120.53878784179688]
[1.5771328210830688]
[1.119964599609375]
[6.8371734619140625]
[156.39044189453125]
[492.99359130859375]
[9.693860054016113]
[0.8077387809753418]
[1790.40625]
[44.107662200927734]
[16.99611473083496]
[10.498559951782227]
[159.4060516357422]
[829.263427734375]
[39.2206916809082]
[6.245718955993652]
[10.57550048828125]
[1.9258782863616943]
[0.6990753412246704]
[1462.3321533203125]
[1.9078134298324585]
[4.637964248657227]
[1216.7060546875]
[3.488032579421997]
[12.284961700439453]
[51.95839309692383]
[125.38363647460938]
[1.2078808546066284]
[1.0357577800750732]
[88.53233337402344]
[287.3929443359375]
[2.0163626670837402]
[119.26425170898438]
[5.81186056137085]
[34.4400749206543]
[330.8748779296875]
[3.8616244792938232]
[20.586467742919922]
[1.0528957843780518]
[77.75779724121094]
[1449.095947265625]
[1.8346534967422485]
[1.632847785949707]
[14.027085304260254]
[0.18337905406951904]
[1306.04638671875]
[1.3348027467727661]
[25.771400451660156]
[6.386389255523682]
[342.7109069824219]
[34.947975158691406]
[10.314739227294922]
[14.01623821258545]
[0.43891316652297974]
[5.554779529571533]
[3.3389666080474854]
[7.5382609367370605]
[820.5454711914062]
[0.6328136920928955]
[20.709487915039062]
[6.262723445892334]
[10.316685676574707]
[8.144168853759766]
[4.364229202270508]
[1.3425805568695068]
[10.562509536743164]
[5.029292583465576]
[10.38916015625]
[4.790024757385254]
[0.7991011142730713]
[5.624475002288818]
[109.05328369140625]
[118.34492492675781]
[2.2580065727233887]
[1.6896493434906006]
[1.1663429737091064]
[9.467300415039062]
[2.377182722091675]
[18.130352020263672]
[3.574753999710083]
[98.36217498779297]
[459.16290283203125]
[2.603048086166382]
[2.5160648822784424]
[10.89851188659668]
[166.6791229248047]
[9.644229888916016]
[10.092267990112305]
[12.956435203552246]
[1369.65234375]
[13.172128677368164]
[5.253745079040527]
[1.6593313217163086]
[0.9487950801849365]
[9.794413566589355]
[2.710357666015625]
[11.938420295715332]
[8890.93359375]
[1.6380277872085571]
[101.50320434570312]
[16.001211166381836]
[5.808468818664551]
[886.0616455078125]
[1.637021780014038]
[3.6240062713623047]
[309.0382995605469]
[2.728513240814209]
[2.9719126224517822]
[25.006237030029297]
[22.931142807006836]
[57.23723602294922]
[10.635899543762207]
[69.85009765625]
[23.584556579589844]
[2.2597062587738037]
[3.341440200805664]
[252.20652770996094]
[2.0943353176116943]
[1504.0614013671875]
[6.902416229248047]
[4.88308048248291]
[0.8265918493270874]
[1.5444031953811646]
[2.762559175491333]
[179.33306884765625]
[1.7162891626358032]
[10.895785331726074]
[225.7607879638672]
[49.4097900390625]
[1.639309048652649]
[4.1459550857543945]
[3.4286768436431885]
[1.6308856010437012]
[3.1039600372314453]
[3.7770676612854004]
[92.94139862060547]
[18.612445831298828]
[3.3322129249572754]
[451.48760986328125]
[5.562687397003174]
[778.442626953125]
[0.9392966628074646]
[4.5631489753723145]
[24.501157760620117]
[39.54445266723633]
[1.0832912921905518]
[59.77443313598633]
[12.546209335327148]
[4.023763656616211]
[2.918412208557129]
[2.8462350368499756]
[1.3636683225631714]
[101.061767578125]
[30.2739200592041]
[266.5850524902344]
[19.321361541748047]
[1.573441982269287]
[5.568315029144287]
[25.271705627441406]
[58.43061447143555]
[1.615689992904663]
[3.8235485553741455]
[59.61532211303711]
[2.716681480407715]
[734.7593994140625]
[44.236961364746094]
[1.285344123840332]
[21.299915313720703]
[4.7601165771484375]
[0.7527433037757874]
[5.169442653656006]
[102.24005889892578]
[836.8577880859375]
[1.3929755687713623]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[24.466737747192383]
[1.3650202751159668]
[36.24413299560547]
[24.369121551513672]
[526.5829467773438]
[5.009934902191162]
[197.98191833496094]
[1.3083842992782593]
[147.32200622558594]
[1.3929818868637085]
[53.93006896972656]
[256.6387023925781]
[12.332433700561523]
[89.05982208251953]
[1.476899266242981]
[63.8738899230957]
[65.04715728759766]
[68.65348052978516]
[1.0330305099487305]
[2.553840160369873]
[0.9214068055152893]
[6.224332809448242]
[1.3674991130828857]
[2.1846446990966797]
[1.7344318628311157]
[32.170284271240234]
[37.99177932739258]
[2.7142672538757324]
[1.4620201587677002]
[131.4486846923828]
[1.7037054300308228]
[1.4626131057739258]
[1.4514068365097046]
[6.6221723556518555]
[182.8356475830078]
[2.0945382118225098]
[14.305591583251953]
[5.421883583068848]
[3.7510695457458496]
[3.7628819942474365]
[36.583343505859375]
[419.8085632324219]
[7.656817436218262]
[0.8161733150482178]
[109.40869140625]
[61.180049896240234]
[0.7207674980163574]
[14.425202369689941]
[5.358971118927002]
[4.153383255004883]
[11.860692977905273]
[283.4468078613281]
[2.497899055480957]
[16.029708862304688]
[1.9462426900863647]
[7.697299957275391]
[8.731595039367676]
[2.274630069732666]
[31.307907104492188]
[2.6769497394561768]
[162.21189880371094]
[3.5269205570220947]
[3.3231072425842285]
[30.45581817626953]
[16.014049530029297]
[13.66137409210205]
[1.2297310829162598]
[74.39685821533203]
[74.74254608154297]
[90.3467788696289]
[1333.350341796875]
[18.798969268798828]
[0.9417546987533569]
[30.491870880126953]
[74.6198959350586]
[32.10667419433594]
[5.099724769592285]
[50.31272506713867]
[4.770866870880127]
[15.014069557189941]
[114.48961639404297]
[24.999731063842773]
[59.116661071777344]
[42.076045989990234]
[5.532810211181641]
[104.45396423339844]
[1.4560655355453491]
[0.8433038592338562]
[1.4422402381896973]
[3.6194329261779785]
[4.809762001037598]
[7.645717144012451]
[1.4095655679702759]
[5.179661273956299]
[1.4129791259765625]
[20.512624740600586]
[2.3768224716186523]
[22.162755966186523]
[50.442440032958984]
[3.2312870025634766]
[1.3920773267745972]
[1.387161135673523]
[2.5101287364959717]
[7.148141384124756]
[7.174149036407471]
[2.2912650108337402]
[3.069615364074707]
[4.371875286102295]
[1.3380564451217651]
[2.14805269241333]
[4.113849639892578]
[1.3052302598953247]
[0.7038211226463318]
[10.511287689208984]
[40.797855377197266]
[22.1762638092041]
[102.41548919677734]
[1.5963013172149658]
[6.736536026000977]
[16.033336639404297]
[43.0267448425293]
[2.450361967086792]
[8.457250595092773]
[5.224959850311279]
[1.2803585529327393]
[1.3716546297073364]
[12.049551963806152]
[0.7469313144683838]
[3.753223180770874]
[1.722068428993225]
[38.91817092895508]
[36.45909118652344]
[145.14019775390625]
[0.7881812453269958]
[37.28863525390625]
[1.1111454963684082]
[0.9582607746124268]
[15.945622444152832]
[6.552131175994873]
[13.164071083068848]
[1.325003981590271]
[109.36030578613281]
[2.7673449516296387]
[0.9336678385734558]
[1.3395549058914185]
[4.226726531982422]
[5.102701663970947]
[1170.550537109375]
[5.70865535736084]
[516.2427978515625]
[5.184911727905273]
[31.830766677856445]
[21.82770347595215]
[2.1460187435150146]
[11.51089096069336]
[27.319002151489258]
[1.3076329231262207]
[39.11445236206055]
[1.082471489906311]
[4.321887969970703]
[1.7033751010894775]
[0.8991628885269165]
[11.952413558959961]
[20.927053451538086]
[55.280296325683594]
[57.68816375732422]
[221.44696044921875]
[152.2326202392578]
[35.214046478271484]
[12.784667015075684]
[1.5390236377716064]
[4.9109296798706055]
[20.765066146850586]
[126.07452392578125]
[0.7630557417869568]
[0.9264643788337708]
[3.676189661026001]
[1.2952255010604858]
[0.7818014025688171]
[2.113003730773926]
[7.412163734436035]
[7.782440662384033]
[7.30880880355835]
[16.674224853515625]
[16.65134048461914]
[11.699427604675293]
[3.7436563968658447]
[398.1238708496094]
[47.43403244018555]
[81.44538879394531]
[89.15391540527344]
[1.3065521717071533]
[111.44078826904297]
[21.00360107421875]
[602.778564453125]
[8.157872200012207]
[21.007577896118164]
[3.734159231185913]
[2.6735472679138184]
[215.79428100585938]
[371.1341552734375]
[142.64346313476562]
[343.50225830078125]
[13.662344932556152]
[5.716336250305176]
[1.464951753616333]
[41.69282531738281]
[1.3790953159332275]
[338.7068786621094]
[5.5225324630737305]
[182.45144653320312]
[3.614271640777588]
[3596.120361328125]
[1.4203404188156128]
[25.8228702545166]
[0.7455938458442688]
[4.795602798461914]
[33.923492431640625]
[3.261885643005371]
[61.80742263793945]
[10.738409042358398]
[0.7761920094490051]
[0.3834185302257538]
[2.4897050857543945]
[12.242773056030273]
[17.374801635742188]
[0.7267633676528931]
[1.296210765838623]
[1.349694013595581]
[6.064987659454346]
[118.93311309814453]
[62.478759765625]
[3.9283885955810547]
[1.2857660055160522]
[43.35182189941406]
[13.044960021972656]
[186.6229248046875]
[45.36979675292969]
[102.62728881835938]
[631.7425537109375]
[1.2950242757797241]
[0.9616096615791321]
[381.1224365234375]
[13.601670265197754]
[103.31596374511719]
[34.949161529541016]
[25.606433868408203]
[11.140175819396973]
[1.354756474494934]
[60.773345947265625]
[65.60167694091797]
[141.5186004638672]
[6.882047176361084]
[4.819812774658203]
[165.88986206054688]
[4.4192352294921875]
[1.7985856533050537]
[1.3003921508789062]
[1.7960020303726196]
[97.257080078125]
[24.086153030395508]
[0.9952254295349121]
[12.12975788116455]
[537.6634521484375]
[225.65797424316406]
[2.284254312515259]
[13.215550422668457]
[31.37955093383789]
[5.3798651695251465]
[2.8274059295654297]
[137.38168334960938]
[21.972139358520508]
[119.91157531738281]
[2.4056456089019775]
[1.1964577436447144]
[18.482532501220703]
[2.4082512855529785]
[76.83647155761719]
[12.706992149353027]
[28.235315322875977]
[5.820023059844971]
[8.83200454711914]
[8.119296073913574]
[0.48441851139068604]
[1.3839292526245117]
[14.822196006774902]
[7.5494890213012695]
[5.7033772468566895]
[1.820631504058838]
[0.7908439636230469]
[3.7743544578552246]
[52.79736328125]
[0.7784681916236877]
[12.56134033203125]
[5.988058090209961]
[11.849106788635254]
[33.131046295166016]
[11.276224136352539]
[1.9838213920593262]
[59.182559967041016]
[48.82145690917969]
[80.75536346435547]
[1.449886441230774]
[4.215789318084717]
[1.876409649848938]
[8.195298194885254]
[7393.236328125]
[4.117551803588867]
[466.28558349609375]
[2.4371719360351562]
[43.8033332824707]
[3.568716526031494]
[2.061807155609131]
[19.00432777404785]
[28.28717613220215]
[1.3772567510604858]
[0.8572325110435486]
[0.19087398052215576]
[1.3442877531051636]
[99.23957061767578]
[43.10442352294922]
[1.5788567066192627]
[0.8782814145088196]
[12.875375747680664]
[8.770002365112305]
[3.283581495285034]
[2.125786066055298]
[334.665771484375]
[1.3788628578186035]
[59.60623550415039]
[74.34278869628906]
[6.635478973388672]
[23.512182235717773]
[7.274191856384277]
[4758.5419921875]
[74.89324951171875]
[1.9533724784851074]
[1479.0106201171875]
[1.4601024389266968]
[1398.4736328125]
[59.088661193847656]
[4.34308385848999]
[6.057488441467285]
[2.391850471496582]
[2.4456686973571777]
[3.117266893386841]
[4.898252487182617]
[21.866107940673828]
[105.62525177001953]
[54.911781311035156]
[11.196455001831055]
[83.8110122680664]
[44.44004440307617]
[338.1129150390625]
[154.3124542236328]
[8.14072322845459]
[1.484534740447998]
[2.0837318897247314]
[38.325408935546875]
[22.415489196777344]
[67.22148895263672]
[58.533058166503906]
[6.646179676055908]
[19.261898040771484]
[10.935522079467773]
[1307.420166015625]
[73.98738098144531]
[39.794639587402344]
[2.793299674987793]
[35.721534729003906]
[15.134649276733398]
[5.801579475402832]
[13.626956939697266]
[1.9905955791473389]
[1007.1213989257812]
[18.3111515045166]
[187.58526611328125]
[88.26970672607422]
[3.8269433975219727]
[0.9556359648704529]
[1.6099395751953125]
[1.6012507677078247]
[3.1832799911499023]
[2.811893939971924]
[5.8314666748046875]
[1131.3636474609375]
[415.78778076171875]
[4.2740478515625]
[4.6450042724609375]
[25.26470947265625]
[17.376880645751953]
[5.351178169250488]
[126.25206756591797]
[0.8702554106712341]
[1.4196265935897827]
[1.4775787591934204]
[1.442685842514038]
[1.4573975801467896]
[4.788428783416748]
[10.015108108520508]
[2.7612597942352295]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[169.7407989501953]
[0.10607142746448517]
[14.331204414367676]
[27.2105655670166]
[9.424114227294922]
[1.3837532997131348]
[7.480908393859863]
[14.434514045715332]
[5.368407726287842]
[1.3709657192230225]
[3.6521944999694824]
[1.3774466514587402]
[1.3604295253753662]
[1.2276663780212402]
[6085.43017578125]
[14.296489715576172]
[119.79576873779297]
[1.1992008686065674]
[0.9231189489364624]
[4.797199726104736]
[73.17957305908203]
[79.71455383300781]
[33.2244873046875]
[47.888572692871094]
[6.4074788093566895]
[0.8688117265701294]
[1.2504488229751587]
[7.649881362915039]
[133.61997985839844]
[0.9862980842590332]
[3.8388185501098633]
[78.28453826904297]
[103.69561767578125]
[8.746827125549316]
[5.994007110595703]
[5.357918739318848]
[54.54941940307617]
[42.86552429199219]
[11.339756965637207]
[1.9571962356567383]
[1.2443053722381592]
[0.8551239967346191]
[3.560880184173584]
[17.494409561157227]
[74.77240753173828]
[4.670555591583252]
[1.25091552734375]
[35.939327239990234]
[172.14991760253906]
[51.94829177856445]
[100.33290100097656]
[0.8770787119865417]
[138.97305297851562]
[16.20991325378418]
[2.095092535018921]
[10.21018123626709]
[40.119937896728516]
[1.2624249458312988]
[2.085909366607666]
[50.948158264160156]
[1.276584506034851]
[72.54658508300781]
[51.63363265991211]
[2.2457356452941895]
[2.766796588897705]
[2.2361748218536377]
[93.60693359375]
[1.266235589981079]
[81.29467010498047]
[64.90248107910156]
[65.9046630859375]
[15.980871200561523]
[4834.31298828125]
[15.28105354309082]
[40.86024475097656]
[33.38544845581055]
[66.55256652832031]
[1.9577332735061646]
[8.967742919921875]
[41.01789474487305]
[56.387428283691406]
[65.52534484863281]
[74.2802505493164]
[4.583469390869141]
[10.871013641357422]
[14.736006736755371]
[38.261898040771484]
[48.361907958984375]
[38.19050598144531]
[138.34034729003906]
[1.3829398155212402]
[4.632384300231934]
[13.401124000549316]
[86.46337127685547]
[26.568679809570312]
[401.8819885253906]
[1.3755526542663574]
[1.3882445096969604]
[1050.48291015625]
[5.705784797668457]
[109.67194366455078]
[679.7000732421875]
[1.3896311521530151]
[1.3811521530151367]
[4.9457783699035645]
[0.9640100598335266]
[9.037271499633789]
[5.868887901306152]
[1.3485276699066162]
[2.76777982711792]
[31.079328536987305]
[9.853654861450195]
[14.409830093383789]
[1.8270701169967651]
[1.952396273612976]
[1.2899662256240845]
[9.779698371887207]
[7.336601734161377]
[12.240041732788086]
[32.54825973510742]
[0.9435288310050964]
[7.9351654052734375]
[623.1992797851562]
[22.37839126586914]
[2.3605539798736572]
[5.367607593536377]
[45.92768478393555]
[2.7381398677825928]
[3.1566076278686523]
[317.91668701171875]
[3.7681612968444824]
[9.82909107208252]
[26.41248321533203]
[4.632247447967529]
[0.9490219354629517]
[1.6514389514923096]
[72.76820373535156]
[1.2531485557556152]
[7.288747787475586]
[28.86786460876465]
[1.5482925176620483]
[1.6742851734161377]
[0.9271130561828613]
[80.43586730957031]
[93.89994049072266]
[387.756591796875]
[12.917725563049316]
[7.001523017883301]
[424.04705810546875]
[3.2407567501068115]
[6.279298782348633]
[69.8654556274414]
[86.11239624023438]
[23.39410972595215]
[1.6716722249984741]
[335.0633239746094]
[1.2919410467147827]
[58.326087951660156]
[67.52168273925781]
[2.3808364868164062]
[93.05903625488281]
[29.339561462402344]
[1.361159086227417]
[36.46720886230469]
[98.13554382324219]
[6.638365268707275]
[1.4496303796768188]
[239.60409545898438]
[33.73210525512695]
[89.47126007080078]
[0.16475369036197662]
[7.726078987121582]
[5.120357513427734]
[594.728759765625]
[5.297635555267334]
[43.952056884765625]
[30.77581024169922]
[4.576498508453369]
[15.532386779785156]
[2.5469963550567627]
[444.1663818359375]
[76.37213134765625]
[130.9376983642578]
[2.586749792098999]
[7.631793022155762]
[2.71159291267395]
[42.68745422363281]
[34.283775329589844]
[2.2952628135681152]
[9.02987289428711]
[8.788983345031738]
[2.4234871864318848]
[18.899639129638672]
[0.8871683478355408]
[0.93802809715271]
[2.152623176574707]
[24.17873764038086]
[1.489207148551941]
[77.27771759033203]
[1.442586064338684]
[3.7156357765197754]
[2.8173468112945557]
[165.85142517089844]
[1.9043468236923218]
[900.0946655273438]
[1.272753119468689]
[4.235563278198242]
[6.334616661071777]
[68.03491973876953]
[100.06250762939453]
[72.67345428466797]
[96.50041961669922]
[2.042872428894043]
[4.149616718292236]
[126.35808563232422]
[1.7522392272949219]
[3.0092010498046875]
[0.9485588669776917]
[14.752340316772461]
[69.48413848876953]
[76.8671875]
[14.851090431213379]
[16.519611358642578]
[6.305012226104736]
[7.863850116729736]
[1.0217890739440918]
[1.3423449993133545]
[665.40478515625]
[3.578876256942749]
[13.608599662780762]
[5.713943958282471]
[5.396449565887451]
[1.3154854774475098]
[15.050000190734863]
[1.3125317096710205]
[458.1439208984375]
[1398.438720703125]
[74.42306518554688]
[5.111663341522217]
[1.855259656906128]
[49.707332611083984]
[1.5404072999954224]
[1.0085288286209106]
[4.659660339355469]
[11.103572845458984]
[16.455352783203125]
[6.582823276519775]
[43.447349548339844]
[6.560145854949951]
[859.2290649414062]
[4.455695629119873]
[3.55928111076355]
[2.5983364582061768]
[137.3504638671875]
[2.880368232727051]
[0.9402269721031189]
[18.659114837646484]
[30.697221755981445]
[35.97015380859375]
[1524.47412109375]
[2.4753382205963135]
[1.0108444690704346]
[1.3443418741226196]
[16.326013565063477]
[27.041170120239258]
[3.2825608253479004]
[1285.1185302734375]
[2.4336342811584473]
[247.93978881835938]
[5.8957343101501465]
[2.5569496154785156]
[2.5511021614074707]
[29.965696334838867]
[1.5753310918807983]
[7.3808369636535645]
[2.5456299781799316]
[105.97032165527344]
[1.2631741762161255]
[95.75827026367188]
[0.7365005016326904]
[4.548583507537842]
[1.4062689542770386]
[29.200273513793945]
[19.11160659790039]
[8.585222244262695]
[10.883330345153809]
[68.14834594726562]
[4053.31396484375]
[14.441272735595703]
[67.75074005126953]
[38.36271667480469]
[6.626236438751221]
[2.796931743621826]
[2.0183684825897217]
[69.37401580810547]
[105.64276123046875]
[1.0325725078582764]
[1.395765781402588]
[9.505863189697266]
[0.9353338479995728]
[34.47786331176758]
[1.3933840990066528]
[1.3909258842468262]
[0.9344602823257446]
[5.687769889831543]
[73.57611083984375]
[0.9655998349189758]
[1.342072606086731]
[52.264583587646484]
[137.60171508789062]
[2.8611207008361816]
[13.183436393737793]
[23.920663833618164]
[8.852270126342773]
[0.477325439453125]
[61.25074768066406]
[0.8353946805000305]
[82.93103790283203]
[20.32642364501953]
[132.21041870117188]
[17.545642852783203]
[152.4764404296875]
[1.0134979486465454]
[72.58824920654297]
[3.565089702606201]
[31.554306030273438]
[3.9466397762298584]
[2.8284401893615723]
[48.559261322021484]
[969.9586181640625]
[3.628391742706299]
[1013.433837890625]
[5.411340236663818]
[484.8721618652344]
[488.63006591796875]
[1.0078084468841553]
[2.7956817150115967]
[1.5605154037475586]
[36.411476135253906]
[12.717482566833496]
[11.878974914550781]
[11.18685531616211]
[22.998647689819336]
[22.461654663085938]
[3.6114912033081055]
[10.369401931762695]
[19.929691314697266]
[142.7711181640625]
[10.027484893798828]
[2.054527997970581]
[25.606342315673828]
[18.65987777709961]
[0.8943964242935181]
[9.634382247924805]
[1.521938443183899]
[55.456024169921875]
[9.829046249389648]
[1.5224052667617798]
[1.0289522409439087]
[15.35467529296875]
[13.2055082321167]
[65.5583724975586]
[1.4929946660995483]
[1.4499566555023193]
[6.122570991516113]
[7.946268081665039]
[1.4802855253219604]
[9.12778091430664]
[27.371074676513672]
[114.34402465820312]
[18.61074447631836]
[10.933472633361816]
[710.8509521484375]
[414.78533935546875]
[104.2662582397461]
[1.3961055278778076]
[8.449941635131836]
[58.71564865112305]
[111.32086181640625]
[6.966617584228516]
[139.46133422851562]
[399.3056640625]
[0.8950645923614502]
[3.763838291168213]
[1.3768188953399658]
[1.9984506368637085]
[1077.67138671875]
[11.980944633483887]
[2.489654541015625]
[41.1175422668457]
[17.13407325744629]
[35.36567687988281]
[7.735113143920898]
[4.663772106170654]
[39.30217742919922]
[106.11595916748047]
[9.750387191772461]
[123.05593872070312]
[1.287063717842102]
[0.8902692198753357]
[1.1900949478149414]
[32.68362045288086]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[22.945297241210938]
[1.8444386720657349]
[9.708395004272461]
[1.4433189630508423]
[27.57848358154297]
[13.035819053649902]
[7.928613185882568]
[67.27212524414062]
[3448.65087890625]
[1.2965854406356812]
[4.11924934387207]
[30.717748641967773]
[32.45037078857422]
[4.725046157836914]
[94.8956069946289]
[1.3381130695343018]
[1.3471499681472778]
[12.536829948425293]
[59.40009307861328]
[1.3654072284698486]
[5.815736770629883]
[14.107687950134277]
[0.8663086891174316]
[7.314154148101807]
[1.3688660860061646]
[2.2579312324523926]
[5.923789024353027]
[7.037441253662109]
[5.545224189758301]
[9.918824195861816]
[26.121044158935547]
[10.221442222595215]
[111.16092681884766]
[5.963042736053467]
[15.913232803344727]
[50.9317626953125]
[157.6267852783203]
[4.227446556091309]
[50.34193801879883]
[2.3153388500213623]
[462.0184326171875]
[5.135638236999512]
[1.8833410739898682]
[7.723493576049805]
[60.20649337768555]
[1.394476294517517]
[33.624977111816406]
[20.007291793823242]
[141.94949340820312]
[531.1531372070312]
[4.857830047607422]
[11.401467323303223]
[1152.5133056640625]
[12.095392227172852]
[20.08603858947754]
[116.97622680664062]
[1.4858561754226685]
[81.21025848388672]
[136.68150329589844]
[21.5599422454834]
[2.2174794673919678]
[9.807541847229004]
[42.89322280883789]
[1.8461335897445679]
[15.011582374572754]
[240.90093994140625]
[5.150172233581543]
[137.2907257080078]
[8.344796180725098]
[0.8864271640777588]
[120.59335327148438]
[0.9155124425888062]
[64.38174438476562]
[1.8723281621932983]
[1.4893226623535156]
[1.0750073194503784]
[123.78619384765625]
[2.297776699066162]
[1.4716904163360596]
[29.692626953125]
[4.226500034332275]
[6.035088062286377]
[44.799049377441406]
[1.4689468145370483]
[15.300788879394531]
[7.2719831466674805]
[1219.9713134765625]
[6.852521896362305]
[5.378459930419922]
[1.5005850791931152]
[7.041828632354736]
[12.478697776794434]
[3.870574951171875]
[32.28242111206055]
[4.287876605987549]
[24.92517852783203]
[19.111474990844727]
[1.5648716688156128]
[135.83892822265625]
[6.7169508934021]
[1.5461333990097046]
[33.356937408447266]
[164.6688995361328]
[68.89892578125]
[20.94391441345215]
[5.698580265045166]
[2.0642635822296143]
[1.4649078845977783]
[13.453843116760254]
[25.946046829223633]
[28.414257049560547]
[8.726848602294922]
[1.4674397706985474]
[15.267569541931152]
[6.351226806640625]
[19.147279739379883]
[343.0252990722656]
[14.988764762878418]
[79.69674682617188]
[8.231095314025879]
[20.53851890563965]
[407.5542907714844]
[2.034403085708618]
[1.882665991783142]
[124.5201644897461]
[1.465879201889038]
[7.6671319007873535]
[80.62422943115234]
[11.829429626464844]
[11.124393463134766]
[1.4206701517105103]
[32.96152877807617]
[46.51628875732422]
[1.3639847040176392]
[268.3310852050781]
[9.153609275817871]
[328.51873779296875]
[7.2401041984558105]
[117.574462890625]
[2.206355571746826]
[5.193329334259033]
[96.31523132324219]
[30.94839859008789]
[3.805971145629883]
[11.384376525878906]
[11.937578201293945]
[2.0643868446350098]
[8.296082496643066]
[3.172774076461792]
[97.56449890136719]
[1032.05615234375]
[1.2111328840255737]
[45.55379867553711]
[12.921584129333496]
[155.52206420898438]
[0.5481496453285217]
[3.000751256942749]
[1.5946589708328247]
[17.601661682128906]
[0.9227954745292664]
[33.66358947753906]
[0.8746259212493896]
[3.253225088119507]
[59.449588775634766]
[32.8757438659668]
[452.4579772949219]
[6.704298496246338]
[3.997100591659546]
[5.66928768157959]
[27.113662719726562]
[3.4387450218200684]
[2.634187936782837]
[366.0545959472656]
[5.269662857055664]
[19.399110794067383]
[1.0779839754104614]
[23.203208923339844]
[2.384861707687378]
[102.48524475097656]
[6.999666690826416]
[1.284537672996521]
[183.455078125]
[2.2134528160095215]
[80.95137023925781]
[115.26289367675781]
[19.75873374938965]
[1.2873440980911255]
[1.2977569103240967]
[17.96821403503418]
[9.58231258392334]
[5.153742790222168]
[5.023777008056641]
[7.37335205078125]
[1.27193284034729]
[21.263538360595703]
[1.041092872619629]
[1.4505424499511719]
[13.134289741516113]
[92.96878051757812]
[1.3010237216949463]
[1.8746615648269653]
[4.172038555145264]
[2.0998647212982178]
[5.970565319061279]
[15.688344955444336]
[38.4185905456543]
[2.6612067222595215]
[455.045166015625]
[9.008939743041992]
[17.82254409790039]
[133.3295135498047]
[0.6729245185852051]
[1.4709683656692505]
[65.75801086425781]
[0.8889855742454529]
[6.330738544464111]
[31.550214767456055]
[8.106928825378418]
[0.6890553832054138]
[115.79118347167969]
[319.5157165527344]
[1.2136948108673096]
[2.5452046394348145]
[7.273977756500244]
[2.3622031211853027]
[10.457610130310059]
[4.653775215148926]
[232.56134033203125]
[20.657873153686523]
[25.74312973022461]
[1.2003264427185059]
[216.15896606445312]
[0.6306320428848267]
[11.685997009277344]
[105.87629699707031]
[92.21289825439453]
[56.158599853515625]
[26.244375228881836]
[1.1771794557571411]
[110.01402282714844]
[849.807373046875]
[0.8091977834701538]
[3.810839891433716]
[90.95271301269531]
[16.611909866333008]
[1.8594592809677124]
[1.4477418661117554]
[1261.8642578125]
[41.058837890625]
[0.11927815526723862]
[1.297407865524292]
[6.312073230743408]
[9.497580528259277]
[1.0961008071899414]
[319.1752014160156]
[1.0677480697631836]
[1.127913475036621]
[14.74273681640625]
[0.8855354189872742]
[6.977902412414551]
[20.512765884399414]
[23.716001510620117]
[5.464195728302002]
[6.115561008453369]
[15.801218032836914]
[1.0990822315216064]
[7.049697399139404]
[9.927901268005371]
[41.921478271484375]
[1.9353229999542236]
[220.95835876464844]
[0.7508024573326111]
[11.219651222229004]
[1.1182551383972168]
[42.1964225769043]
[2.798677921295166]
[23.629837036132812]
[1789.19921875]
[66.52947998046875]
[2.5227975845336914]
[19.007946014404297]
[1.6570631265640259]
[1.7182583808898926]
[142.0748291015625]
[45.0240592956543]
[4.7306227684021]
[1.073807954788208]
[1.3100475072860718]
[5.357303619384766]
[2.4765233993530273]
[28.8275089263916]
[5.965495586395264]
[1.4338254928588867]
[1.4199353456497192]
[0.8524103760719299]
[23.199569702148438]
[72.26111602783203]
[63.47275924682617]
[1.4355788230895996]
[1.04743492603302]
[3.5117199420928955]
[1.4542442560195923]
[4.399337291717529]
[12.882741928100586]
[1.4028525352478027]
[2.384765863418579]
[0.8109959363937378]
[2.4300339221954346]
[6.3875932693481445]
[7.635779857635498]
[6.377687931060791]
[796.5056762695312]
[8.295526504516602]
[5.670212268829346]
[4.356044292449951]
[3.7395248413085938]
[8.373604774475098]
[82.73360443115234]
[16.795194625854492]
[5.454578876495361]
[36.64292907714844]
[16.7521915435791]
[7.5376129150390625]
[377.7391357421875]
[8.268699645996094]
[29.4885311126709]
[2.903676748275757]
[19.867948532104492]
[24.47445297241211]
[1.7017675638198853]
[6.6258931159973145]
[11.132890701293945]
[7.7818498611450195]
[14.664676666259766]
[1.427476406097412]
[6.382930755615234]
[11.79140853881836]
[2.7427117824554443]
[16.106826782226562]
[6.999713897705078]
[21.3355770111084]
[18.41489028930664]
[2.3501877784729004]
[2.0635926723480225]
[3.1776366233825684]
[1.2855175733566284]
[375.44512939453125]
[5.862391471862793]
[1.2859561443328857]
[3.8404505252838135]
[17.908742904663086]
[2.9344189167022705]
[6.497416973114014]
[7.750571250915527]
[188.44676208496094]
[569.7058715820312]
[21.78730010986328]
[7.615751266479492]
[383.6459655761719]
[2.6057024002075195]
[4.130102157592773]
[1533.8662109375]
[1268.22900390625]
[12.767663955688477]
[9.890298843383789]
[0.6762263774871826]
[39.87108612060547]
[133.40968322753906]
[14.473252296447754]
[25.74184799194336]
[2.058854103088379]
[6.045488357543945]
[51.098480224609375]
[3.2061269283294678]
[6.528851509094238]
[0.7878724932670593]
[93.8008804321289]
[0.9735091328620911]
[2.8890652656555176]
[2.110949754714966]
[1.9227160215377808]
[1.8276262283325195]
[1.3590843677520752]
[1.5718379020690918]
[31.202415466308594]
[3.2336020469665527]
[1.6571753025054932]
[3.7863693237304688]
[15.166643142700195]
[50.657310485839844]
[25.075088500976562]
[28.596364974975586]
[46.44329071044922]
[6.834908962249756]
[11.527109146118164]
[1.3719758987426758]
[2.27207612991333]
[10.801712989807129]
[1.7494581937789917]
[7.455949783325195]
[4.212096691131592]
[17.852855682373047]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[166.6780242919922]
[11.500226020812988]
[405.9399719238281]
[1.7853959798812866]
[36.71559524536133]
[45.787384033203125]
[11.748417854309082]
[46.607059478759766]
[198.01675415039062]
[13.619190216064453]
[1.7372767925262451]
[0.8110558390617371]
[1.2613422870635986]
[4.219926834106445]
[154.61068725585938]
[14.739790916442871]
[6.173756122589111]
[65.34835815429688]
[5.361774921417236]
[1.8129562139511108]
[1.5168216228485107]
[5.491870880126953]
[1.7495416402816772]
[1.1980128288269043]
[1.3491103649139404]
[82.49108123779297]
[1.8236722946166992]
[4.447101593017578]
[49.98479080200195]
[117.9777603149414]
[62.971519470214844]
[9.081657409667969]
[4.386552810668945]
[5.25830078125]
[8.443987846374512]
[6010.255859375]
[38522.9921875]
[4.140606880187988]
[21.66790199279785]
[1.7450867891311646]
[4.624869346618652]
[1.5227910280227661]
[1.8508152961730957]
[5.589878082275391]
[3.166167974472046]
[1326.8121337890625]
[23.068326950073242]
[2.5789988040924072]
[1.2572075128555298]
[168.3516845703125]
[2.7517635822296143]
[2411.827880859375]
[57.74525833129883]
[2098.48583984375]
[18.69159698486328]
[20.665468215942383]
[15.892979621887207]
[9.83755111694336]
[3.292834758758545]
[1.7129406929016113]
[145.89401245117188]
[41.30989074707031]
[18.817644119262695]
[8.458647727966309]
[127.9979019165039]
[27.029541015625]
[65.49563598632812]
[6.819227695465088]
[29.516366958618164]
[4.427070140838623]
[1.2523270845413208]
[3.818880558013916]
[1.5653958320617676]
[230.1136474609375]
[628.406982421875]
[118.39656066894531]
[2.1115081310272217]
[9.41897964477539]
[8.77699089050293]
[7.372456073760986]
[6.59091854095459]
[62.40797424316406]
[7.5547356605529785]
[8.033364295959473]
[54.255130767822266]
[22.169692993164062]
[167.61985778808594]
[1.9245877265930176]
[16.63117027282715]
[5.382241725921631]
[198.5206298828125]
[71.4035415649414]
[66.50932312011719]
[10.530477523803711]
[23.851215362548828]
[2.220287322998047]
[9.004756927490234]
[2639.69189453125]
[59.898651123046875]
[12.097696304321289]
[8.526056289672852]
[43.36296463012695]
[65.28856658935547]
[2.82310152053833]
[4.235260963439941]
[436.9210205078125]
[1.0792747735977173]
[0.9007512927055359]
[13.664085388183594]
[2.719857692718506]
[19.648473739624023]
[39.87863540649414]
[10.858219146728516]
[63.61775207519531]
[125.94755554199219]
[8.282965660095215]
[32.99250793457031]
[437.6078186035156]
[349.78668212890625]
[431.97796630859375]
[3.6451385021209717]
[2.118353843688965]
[8.7687406539917]
[40.72232437133789]
[2.1046345233917236]
[69.19535827636719]
[286.9132080078125]
[11.585735321044922]
[0.9495152235031128]
[4.452179431915283]
[8.404029846191406]
[2.8222572803497314]
[2.6954081058502197]
[33.5428581237793]
[25.131019592285156]
[21.199317932128906]
[4.467466354370117]
[2.096740484237671]
[59.068641662597656]
[7.34310245513916]
[174.5565185546875]
[1.6447547674179077]
[2145.7568359375]
[49.19321823120117]
[2.139281749725342]
[2064.897216796875]
[546.3662109375]
[6.917243480682373]
[7.801230430603027]
[126.63703918457031]
[6.147464752197266]
[76.89752960205078]
[621.9815673828125]
[2.045337438583374]
[4.054361343383789]
[28.912677764892578]
[6.808139801025391]
[2.0590615272521973]
[48.4342041015625]
[57.43366241455078]
[7.455535888671875]
[12.193818092346191]
[18.9169979095459]
[2.702390670776367]
[69.51512908935547]
[21.557762145996094]
[2026.814208984375]
[31.46108627319336]
[43.667301177978516]
[1337.8265380859375]
[2.955383062362671]
[31.810972213745117]
[19.13791847229004]
[26.191368103027344]
[215.4344940185547]
[32.370540618896484]
[1.8490805625915527]
[7.788975715637207]
[2.62650203704834]
[906.7814331054688]
[1.788502812385559]
[360.7641296386719]
[4.72825288772583]
[24.9810848236084]
[10.717391014099121]
[1.5674660205841064]
[3.7700695991516113]
[249.31948852539062]
[2.799433946609497]
[34.01643371582031]
[6.4583964347839355]
[44.5571174621582]
[0.4903404712677002]
[20.300630569458008]
[11908.2060546875]
[23.524547576904297]
[13254.625]
[17.739826202392578]
[161.76747131347656]
[3.4430510997772217]
[0.151940256357193]
[19.32528305053711]
[2.3863470554351807]
[2.5260350704193115]
[1.1150914430618286]
[85.3535385131836]
[3.1649668216705322]
[179.53968811035156]
[14.109596252441406]
[77.15637969970703]
[0.5492252111434937]
[36.90342712402344]
[181.56515502929688]
[0.9085696339607239]
[20.143308639526367]
[5.447605609893799]
[137.6055145263672]
[46.259666442871094]
[121.20409393310547]
[1.7318209409713745]
[4.241793632507324]
[22.887540817260742]
[5.513866424560547]
[326.8756408691406]
[6.698019981384277]
[46.03007507324219]
[80.50775146484375]
[117.46407318115234]
[1347.06591796875]
[1.5745282173156738]
[8.786078453063965]
[21.18359375]
[14.940324783325195]
[3.231668710708618]
[2.0546767711639404]
[66.63827514648438]
[1.4531837701797485]
[2.270656108856201]
[32.93632888793945]
[7.631406784057617]
[5.24180793762207]
[1.6763882637023926]
[1738.7420654296875]
[7.060354709625244]
[5.512616157531738]
[7.758234977722168]
[4.873623847961426]
[1.7283859252929688]
[133.1457977294922]
[1.7477809190750122]
[4.183935642242432]
[4.958587169647217]
[29.189189910888672]
[1.0014228820800781]
[1.9958839416503906]
[8.197772026062012]
[19.07857894897461]
[2297.703857421875]
[8.08903694152832]
[1.2599892616271973]
[1.5464887619018555]
[51.62507247924805]
[208.85963439941406]
[1.5511910915374756]
[5.3467116355896]
[5340.8837890625]
[7.989828109741211]
[2.158440351486206]
[1.6576588153839111]
[4.215742111206055]
[69.43833923339844]
[301.50225830078125]
[37.63854217529297]
[2.392179012298584]
[1.7205673456192017]
[2.6220357418060303]
[3.4127330780029297]
[96.2055892944336]
[23.983234405517578]
[6.423666000366211]
[0.8795013427734375]
[125.30729675292969]
[3.1643238067626953]
[93.171142578125]
[18.083721160888672]
[30.710094451904297]
[1640.594970703125]
[258.57415771484375]
[277.71759033203125]
[18.268468856811523]
[1892.11572265625]
[21.13239288330078]
[4.231285572052002]
[1.8696876764297485]
[636.08740234375]
[23.630746841430664]
[78.99612426757812]
[57.67030715942383]
[24.724140167236328]
[21.75164222717285]
[363.1338806152344]
[29.173860549926758]
[1.6677308082580566]
[26.333417892456055]
[12.490732192993164]
[116.19322204589844]
[5.890928745269775]
[259.12615966796875]
[3.6533560752868652]
[121.07630920410156]
[16.949832916259766]
[38.31150817871094]
[28.10910415649414]
[1.210534691810608]
[12.680638313293457]
[0.6822584271430969]
[7.188820838928223]
[0.7239392995834351]
[14.51974105834961]
[4.2054314613342285]
[2.4709360599517822]
[7.068302631378174]
[11.548396110534668]
[3.835052490234375]
[131.59970092773438]
[22.47989273071289]
[27.896648406982422]
[43.98039245605469]
[6.431133270263672]
[8.632614135742188]
[15.59981918334961]
[13.774286270141602]
[0.7840907573699951]
[13.14111614227295]
[64.53764343261719]
[9.146628379821777]
[18.32398796081543]
[36.90065383911133]
[6.804995059967041]
[4.625573635101318]
[9.38135814666748]
[0.15330469608306885]
[40.589927673339844]
[633.042236328125]
[2.1372179985046387]
[1.8324161767959595]
[1.6497868299484253]
[3.19527006149292]
[5.7488508224487305]
[5.357845306396484]
[3.408060312271118]
[9.684406280517578]
[19.873458862304688]
[5.744129657745361]
[4.008929252624512]
[7.278625965118408]
[37.983245849609375]
[1.7081047296524048]
[15.079734802246094]
[4.282137393951416]
[390.7120056152344]
[2.606950283050537]
[1.4377058744430542]
[4.457890510559082]
[232.9652557373047]
[242.40953063964844]
[6.811338424682617]
[22.083091735839844]
[1325.66552734375]
[647.6574096679688]
[7.358469009399414]
[357.6894226074219]
[3.0283586978912354]
[1.4429996013641357]
[1.0383591651916504]
[1.8949813842773438]
[91.75110626220703]
[38.150535583496094]
[372.7518005371094]
[1.387349247932434]
[32.182220458984375]
[145.78384399414062]
[126.9394302368164]
[5.3898210525512695]
[1.4695289134979248]
[1.5072180032730103]
[0.7818450927734375]
[10.060884475708008]
[1.441023588180542]
[14.1516695022583]
[0.8835277557373047]
[65.82553100585938]
[963.822021484375]
[0.6393932700157166]
[4.610298156738281]
[8.743377685546875]
[22.22635269165039]
[127.28323364257812]
[0.955100417137146]
[43.68017578125]
[35.07482147216797]
[1.4768093824386597]
[1.4221677780151367]
[3.7238550186157227]
[3.523366689682007]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.15700101852417]
[13.405115127563477]
[11.138501167297363]
[126.722900390625]
[4.189664840698242]
[146.13003540039062]
[9.818933486938477]
[185.35586547851562]
[0.13550464808940887]
[3.813253879547119]
[1857.7198486328125]
[114.540283203125]
[146.17709350585938]
[368.4696350097656]
[2.982666015625]
[0.9005783796310425]
[460.0404052734375]
[23.207326889038086]
[197.2294921875]
[0.7131876349449158]
[7.76987361907959]
[3.849635124206543]
[3.5604593753814697]
[1.6682748794555664]
[3.111154079437256]
[27.650789260864258]
[16.127565383911133]
[33.61174392700195]
[7.557600021362305]
[34.54237365722656]
[11308.9189453125]
[1.3399176597595215]
[0.17108388245105743]
[321.2494812011719]
[8.25041389465332]
[0.9771794676780701]
[4.320661544799805]
[3.8249340057373047]
[2.1900339126586914]
[372.6748046875]
[2.19455623626709]
[3.627345323562622]
[642.4124755859375]
[4.718295097351074]
[2.990211248397827]
[860.3125]
[17.901344299316406]
[8.817975044250488]
[43.97188949584961]
[1.060990333557129]
[16.058820724487305]
[4.000217437744141]
[45.78360366821289]
[137.32601928710938]
[147.7904510498047]
[59.23722839355469]
[1175.73095703125]
[863.2664794921875]
[248.59228515625]
[14.105875015258789]
[2.4186582565307617]
[3.7809810638427734]
[297.73895263671875]
[33.4728889465332]
[58.73557662963867]
[5.185989856719971]
[1.284429669380188]
[2.125201463699341]
[35.87428283691406]
[1.3240575790405273]
[19.557193756103516]
[1.2164626121520996]
[2.119274139404297]
[183.63421630859375]
[1.978724718093872]
[1.3977580070495605]
[26.0172176361084]
[5.054941654205322]
[197.11062622070312]
[39.685516357421875]
[13.470196723937988]
[2.1386172771453857]
[2.822211503982544]
[1.4627223014831543]
[1.6163479089736938]
[61.05549621582031]
[2.4353177547454834]
[1339.8192138671875]
[1.6425074338912964]
[4.083690643310547]
[9.619248390197754]
[11.206748962402344]
[2.497011423110962]
[11.092475891113281]
[1556.5223388671875]
[93.66063690185547]
[1.3336204290390015]
[2.1889007091522217]
[143.91439819335938]
[0.8836238384246826]
[1.5829936265945435]
[18.598548889160156]
[55.15400695800781]
[0.6964294910430908]
[120.8780746459961]
[3.4333999156951904]
[1.6901952028274536]
[491.0412902832031]
[99.0014419555664]
[310.5821533203125]
[4.586210250854492]
[45.437442779541016]
[321.9481201171875]
[118.16983032226562]
[980.0087280273438]
[7.318089008331299]
[268.1690368652344]
[1.9753361940383911]
[2.2455077171325684]
[11.878098487854004]
[22.18901824951172]
[156.10971069335938]
[46.832157135009766]
[45.935264587402344]
[1.3465609550476074]
[6.808410167694092]
[12.726371765136719]
[195.82972717285156]
[5.740307807922363]
[3.8174664974212646]
[3.8323049545288086]
[1.6776691675186157]
[4491.69384765625]
[86.75285339355469]
[77.09147644042969]
[269.22894287109375]
[14.350937843322754]
[1.8703693151474]
[1.4325697422027588]
[2.525493860244751]
[15.320531845092773]
[1.7858065366744995]
[11.807046890258789]
[48.83076095581055]
[2.5390334129333496]
[0.572319507598877]
[1.9559231996536255]
[53.22886276245117]
[210.74246215820312]
[287.7050476074219]
[1.4671669006347656]
[0.9791185855865479]
[12.658629417419434]
[0.7259014248847961]
[36.896392822265625]
[3.6138477325439453]
[7.117208480834961]
[4.546131134033203]
[3.9741315841674805]
[1.9653340578079224]
[9.99623966217041]
[4.654092788696289]
[1.4873052835464478]
[3.0565032958984375]
[5.186176776885986]
[24.997264862060547]
[7.535189628601074]
[3.3109402656555176]
[42.82466125488281]
[50.12614822387695]
[43.53750991821289]
[72.4759292602539]
[358.2081604003906]
[0.7174656391143799]
[99.88347625732422]
[47.809776306152344]
[32.88673400878906]
[16.821481704711914]
[15.64883041381836]
[9.349466323852539]
[917.5269775390625]
[19.891380310058594]
[3.1132616996765137]
[2.1458489894866943]
[1.5177109241485596]
[26.60956573486328]
[40.61993408203125]
[172.0673828125]
[0.10873572528362274]
[1.2334860563278198]
[1.9334145784378052]
[11.793878555297852]
[6.731447696685791]
[23.179014205932617]
[23.896032333374023]
[2.1221628189086914]
[1.7064924240112305]
[436.6075744628906]
[1.49359929561615]
[7.845423698425293]
[2.2351937294006348]
[100.26284790039062]
[69.97209930419922]
[83.14281463623047]
[16.145751953125]
[120.68505859375]
[280.6402282714844]
[4.336961269378662]
[6.563790321350098]
[1.542831540107727]
[790.5515747070312]
[26.341602325439453]
[203.30335998535156]
[1.990308403968811]
[27.757671356201172]
[3.995734453201294]
[14.362504005432129]
[3.4896504878997803]
[2.0914578437805176]
[9.617026329040527]
[1.5030442476272583]
[4.942429542541504]
[10.046838760375977]
[1.3558189868927002]
[8.792393684387207]
[166.67494201660156]
[1.523097038269043]
[1.0850703716278076]
[1.0471203327178955]
[378.3460693359375]
[498.1389465332031]
[2.035461902618408]
[1.014235019683838]
[1.38872492313385]
[1.3883490562438965]
[1.79457688331604]
[8.062675476074219]
[19.263168334960938]
[0.7708664536476135]
[592.8450927734375]
[0.9210631847381592]
[17.764989852905273]
[8.826047897338867]
[3.90287446975708]
[2.1976137161254883]
[0.9112815260887146]
[11.124238014221191]
[8.167625427246094]
[6.221439361572266]
[5.739443778991699]
[3.6383860111236572]
[113.16030883789062]
[36.91830062866211]
[92.62541961669922]
[1.3095911741256714]
[6.363999843597412]
[1.8986706733703613]
[277.37530517578125]
[74.73893737792969]
[1.2686587572097778]
[31.687124252319336]
[3.718081474304199]
[6.2364091873168945]
[78.1990737915039]
[1.974948525428772]
[25.947450637817383]
[41.8882942199707]
[36.03900146484375]
[171.2294158935547]
[5.925137996673584]
[1.3543782234191895]
[13.401435852050781]
[20.681255340576172]
[34.074710845947266]
[1.3667728900909424]
[7.980714797973633]
[6.150084018707275]
[4.949689865112305]
[7.893563270568848]
[4.868598461151123]
[10.397692680358887]
[1.6782089471817017]
[42.403873443603516]
[12.797455787658691]
[776.5360717773438]
[1.6044998168945312]
[21.127944946289062]
[7.457677841186523]
[15.328400611877441]
[708.4144287109375]
[3.0217502117156982]
[9.235640525817871]
[540.9988403320312]
[17.813701629638672]
[7.95111083984375]
[42.890357971191406]
[1.6422760486602783]
[13.103665351867676]
[5.30551290512085]
[1.3125969171524048]
[1.2926528453826904]
[1.8461886644363403]
[10.89346694946289]
[13.930848121643066]
[77.57919311523438]
[145.1063232421875]
[1.2796214818954468]
[4.437535285949707]
[1.6299099922180176]
[1.8809967041015625]
[8.176652908325195]
[229.69882202148438]
[265.6470947265625]
[3.7612199783325195]
[1.4460170269012451]
[5.619245529174805]
[1.3799573183059692]
[4.27509069442749]
[17.271154403686523]
[1.4425071477890015]
[59.394073486328125]
[10.33523941040039]
[3.225409507751465]
[157.01161193847656]
[5.008763790130615]
[79.70216369628906]
[35.585601806640625]
[23.204317092895508]
[3.4560165405273438]
[32.39619445800781]
[136.75521850585938]
[10.389678001403809]
[78.32679748535156]
[3.524366855621338]
[7.431276321411133]
[1.504343867301941]
[66.80061340332031]
[31.706872940063477]
[5.44687557220459]
[11.828365325927734]
[18.714555740356445]
[1.5250320434570312]
[444.0439453125]
[34.07490158081055]
[1.4698066711425781]
[5.073432922363281]
[6.423861503601074]
[32.135013580322266]
[2.405686140060425]
[51.4222526550293]
[1.4208319187164307]
[172.57235717773438]
[1.1298962831497192]
[42.994930267333984]
[2.6154723167419434]
[11.764213562011719]
[0.7992621064186096]
[39.56354522705078]
[1.4650267362594604]
[2.593357801437378]
[5.504636764526367]
[51.398902893066406]
[1.799697756767273]
[1.9061224460601807]
[13.859360694885254]
[6.35342264175415]
[9.317556381225586]
[7.891847133636475]
[1.4507778882980347]
[18.6890869140625]
[28.460317611694336]
[1.8745520114898682]
[8.977590560913086]
[36.247066497802734]
[8.027602195739746]
[2.0509369373321533]
[125.99934387207031]
[0.7922687530517578]
[1.4540433883666992]
[1.800486445426941]
[1.167344570159912]
[1.4038352966308594]
[442.3309631347656]
[1.4439139366149902]
[2.120303153991699]
[989.7892456054688]
[2.543835401535034]
[1.6716206073760986]
[0.7857055068016052]
[3.6425387859344482]
[137.58131408691406]
[135.9470977783203]
[5.804513454437256]
[105.13420104980469]
[15.162596702575684]
[4.691351413726807]
[63.525264739990234]
[8.468311309814453]
[85.58956146240234]
[26.262290954589844]
[13.627513885498047]
[15.349390029907227]
[5.853252410888672]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.451117753982544]
[33.823822021484375]
[16.607370376586914]
[401.6285400390625]
[1.4472600221633911]
[8.666478157043457]
[450.9803771972656]
[12.735382080078125]
[3.833249807357788]
[5.367111682891846]
[131.98013305664062]
[6.998717784881592]
[6.423309326171875]
[6.297265529632568]
[429.0333557128906]
[105.63597869873047]
[2.120729923248291]
[99.15225219726562]
[10.833185195922852]
[5.782833099365234]
[33.64683532714844]
[1.9115710258483887]
[59.32415008544922]
[134.58697509765625]
[2.491129159927368]
[31.295059204101562]
[4.276405334472656]
[2.7583625316619873]
[242.0093231201172]
[965.8484497070312]
[14.958227157592773]
[4.235088348388672]
[1.378485918045044]
[3.538562536239624]
[5.19415283203125]
[11.639206886291504]
[1.3674103021621704]
[18.25380516052246]
[755.0354614257812]
[10.1239652633667]
[5.8649702072143555]
[0.7692198157310486]
[4.834197521209717]
[8.251612663269043]
[1275.2906494140625]
[1.3365975618362427]
[2.169114589691162]
[393.7862548828125]
[139.20875549316406]
[42.656005859375]
[2.3402724266052246]
[62.774444580078125]
[4.197595119476318]
[1.650893211364746]
[6.525465488433838]
[647.8068237304688]
[20.35912322998047]
[1.112709403038025]
[0.7982549071311951]
[1.365421175956726]
[1.611839771270752]
[3.0098676681518555]
[6.465549468994141]
[36.8554573059082]
[1.5786011219024658]
[1.710942268371582]
[14.471445083618164]
[0.49309322237968445]
[6.180986404418945]
[1.9518346786499023]
[8.224820137023926]
[769.462158203125]
[243.55052185058594]
[1091.5218505859375]
[82.2337417602539]
[26.424177169799805]
[2.2617931365966797]
[342.1138000488281]
[2.362557888031006]
[4.935542106628418]
[90.0332260131836]
[19.937820434570312]
[3.878751277923584]
[1.4447071552276611]
[0.8369993567466736]
[1.6397722959518433]
[3.3548026084899902]
[1.7200299501419067]
[29.101945877075195]
[1.3349097967147827]
[20.143030166625977]
[0.7800672650337219]
[0.09964412450790405]
[0.15945927798748016]
[5.52149772644043]
[5.339686393737793]
[38.0172233581543]
[324.07293701171875]
[3.578667640686035]
[8.33155345916748]
[9.64173412322998]
[49.39228820800781]
[22.326736450195312]
[222.82798767089844]
[1.0925626754760742]
[24.899927139282227]
[0.7581627368927002]
[2.351296901702881]
[21.061321258544922]
[49.5722770690918]
[1.0069772005081177]
[4.259387016296387]
[1.4890786409378052]
[1.4613122940063477]
[293.7099914550781]
[9.296104431152344]
[3.7242846488952637]
[104.11410522460938]
[2.560551404953003]
[25.148056030273438]
[9.66744613647461]
[67.01066589355469]
[1.52043879032135]
[233.5276336669922]
[1.6880998611450195]
[30.036046981811523]
[13.438340187072754]
[10.248897552490234]
[1.6995755434036255]
[1.9946870803833008]
[1.5280934572219849]
[2.960998296737671]
[1.5281496047973633]
[93.4643325805664]
[862.74267578125]
[3.91532826423645]
[15.849769592285156]
[25.666259765625]
[1.4866535663604736]
[61.39728927612305]
[0.4726269543170929]
[3.5195603370666504]
[148.0163116455078]
[0.8149247765541077]
[2.0019004344940186]
[1.4712154865264893]
[47.03611755371094]
[2.0587124824523926]
[194.51344299316406]
[41.89421463012695]
[14.9341402053833]
[2.1704025268554688]
[1.442804217338562]
[2.891084909439087]
[1.3798075914382935]
[34911.26171875]
[156.39646911621094]
[1160.199951171875]
[18.65934944152832]
[40.57679748535156]
[10.206979751586914]
[2.5648021697998047]
[1.7970919609069824]
[2.5328609943389893]
[1.5708116292953491]
[220.95077514648438]
[4.812012672424316]
[25.837759017944336]
[6.926289081573486]
[9.095897674560547]
[5.917720794677734]
[2.2339627742767334]
[191.5379638671875]
[609.4329223632812]
[23.631135940551758]
[18.435964584350586]
[6.159137725830078]
[1.4152226448059082]
[3.8450331687927246]
[1.1879878044128418]
[29.7215633392334]
[2.147777795791626]
[39.93220901489258]
[38.326290130615234]
[24.826589584350586]
[13.64328384399414]
[19.95987892150879]
[189.92901611328125]
[247.27809143066406]
[1.565792441368103]
[10.447569847106934]
[2.2041115760803223]
[2.1604177951812744]
[63.630550384521484]
[9.348226547241211]
[106.57115173339844]
[2809.263671875]
[1.5486397743225098]
[158.09307861328125]
[96.68463134765625]
[4.604211807250977]
[17.41875457763672]
[129.30455017089844]
[279.8780212402344]
[42.32728576660156]
[28.105558395385742]
[2.039748191833496]
[58.18340301513672]
[93.19471740722656]
[419.8772277832031]
[41.538169860839844]
[23.067415237426758]
[9.083120346069336]
[13.615008354187012]
[89.7790298461914]
[0.364034503698349]
[1.660698652267456]
[9.462560653686523]
[43.30852508544922]
[0.9181846380233765]
[89.77503204345703]
[4.919954299926758]
[36.57602310180664]
[47.17039489746094]
[1.0403375625610352]
[16.024816513061523]
[76.58807373046875]
[549.5899047851562]
[5.617348670959473]
[12.42808723449707]
[2.057420015335083]
[61.48275375366211]
[265.856201171875]
[1.3933581113815308]
[8.558062553405762]
[14.193026542663574]
[14.758328437805176]
[1.9986990690231323]
[9.606802940368652]
[1.7931106090545654]
[14.004007339477539]
[3.8526999950408936]
[33.48797607421875]
[11.218511581420898]
[8.647305488586426]
[4.784780979156494]
[1.6990982294082642]
[0.8903236389160156]
[15.96879768371582]
[1.180985450744629]
[1.5747480392456055]
[2.101489543914795]
[375.47930908203125]
[5.152797698974609]
[48.996944427490234]
[42.2662467956543]
[2.0058517456054688]
[15.763432502746582]
[6.8879523277282715]
[8.138226509094238]
[4.566011428833008]
[9.639082908630371]
[7.964730739593506]
[84.14132690429688]
[13.65062141418457]
[1.82948899269104]
[26.085893630981445]
[1.5994763374328613]
[113.82941436767578]
[5.55681037902832]
[6.636559963226318]
[1.3117053508758545]
[6.092940807342529]
[0.9689681529998779]
[6.007112979888916]
[1.3092783689498901]
[254.04812622070312]
[405.4483947753906]
[4.633481979370117]
[1.8939248323440552]
[222.08253479003906]
[14.427916526794434]
[15.58850383758545]
[3.404193639755249]
[2052.52978515625]
[5.061146259307861]
[107.23161315917969]
[1.3954339027404785]
[56.978878021240234]
[1.549838662147522]
[59.75876998901367]
[1.3855284452438354]
[2.0206143856048584]
[27.764062881469727]
[2.6436846256256104]
[26.89980697631836]
[73.5005111694336]
[6.824972629547119]
[6.4371867179870605]
[11.456063270568848]
[1.8288670778274536]
[1.39078688621521]
[23.650367736816406]
[1802.26123046875]
[2.172224283218384]
[5.993954658508301]
[6.4966278076171875]
[26.588838577270508]
[3.473728656768799]
[56.45210266113281]
[1.44585382938385]
[3.991300582885742]
[2.4869120121002197]
[29.620622634887695]
[9.873193740844727]
[100.18073272705078]
[4.685248374938965]
[2406.3876953125]
[2.069662094116211]
[0.9781836867332458]
[7.3872857093811035]
[130.5430908203125]
[257.2069091796875]
[4.536557674407959]
[1.4560247659683228]
[1612.747314453125]
[0.8436222672462463]
[391.3320617675781]
[23.930727005004883]
[78.01716613769531]
[5.332486629486084]
[53.268775939941406]
[71.65908813476562]
[4.257217884063721]
[96.61180877685547]
[2.0718495845794678]
[20.56563949584961]
[14.64755630493164]
[274.9888000488281]
[15.254778861999512]
[1.2270331382751465]
[32.29304885864258]
[33.57273864746094]
[4.1437578201293945]
[600.0633544921875]
[1.5015493631362915]
[688.642333984375]
[7.644003868103027]
[31.042146682739258]
[669.42626953125]
[5.25156307220459]
[42.52157211303711]
[4145.197265625]
[139.07257080078125]
[1.52823805809021]
[6.211678504943848]
[17.246797561645508]
[10.63172721862793]
[2.1689698696136475]
[18.101911544799805]
[56.92171859741211]
[0.24165448546409607]
[206.2668914794922]
[2.1674468517303467]
[48.89161682128906]
[3.6977121829986572]
[14.276802062988281]
[0.7548915147781372]
[1.15076744556427]
[1.0334935188293457]
[15.883955001831055]
[0.9804927110671997]
[2.0888147354125977]
[5.384576797485352]
[99.38068389892578]
[1.229170799255371]
[4.566167831420898]
[16.365127563476562]
[188.4441375732422]
[2.067047595977783]
[37.96015930175781]
[42.3411979675293]
[304.0478820800781]
[5.011053085327148]
[40.964393615722656]
[27.583602905273438]
[15.781167030334473]
[4.9179582595825195]
[5.56332540512085]
[3.5388588905334473]
[1.5973278284072876]
[1.5945008993148804]
[15.046638488769531]
[1.5695147514343262]
[217.75997924804688]
[52.399070739746094]
[1.3280612230300903]
[1.9852702617645264]
[4.22964334487915]
[43.86982345581055]
[2.6088674068450928]
[5.786586284637451]
[9.52883529663086]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[66.58784484863281]
[12.614062309265137]
[4.671291351318359]
[1601.69921875]
[9.577921867370605]
[1352.67041015625]
[15.699195861816406]
[0.7679840326309204]
[6.410470962524414]
[35.892337799072266]
[0.20822608470916748]
[0.6846387386322021]
[12.873051643371582]
[3.5574686527252197]
[1428.98095703125]
[1.347984790802002]
[0.7575617432594299]
[36.365264892578125]
[35.713279724121094]
[4.1734418869018555]
[1.646490454673767]
[179.63983154296875]
[105.64400482177734]
[7.363830089569092]
[1.5831272602081299]
[134.1251983642578]
[4.0747761726379395]
[2.61044979095459]
[5.016242027282715]
[3.0519826412200928]
[2.4691169261932373]
[3.010946750640869]
[6.577996730804443]
[1.1324326992034912]
[6.878448009490967]
[139.5937042236328]
[4.222779750823975]
[11.798053741455078]
[7.471652984619141]
[0.7069266438484192]
[11.037056922912598]
[44.933380126953125]
[2.6757376194000244]
[9.440834045410156]
[4.280990123748779]
[6.702215671539307]
[1225.1461181640625]
[395.7422790527344]
[1.7813431024551392]
[92.05603790283203]
[2.3732407093048096]
[2.5176475048065186]
[12.849739074707031]
[0.6355952620506287]
[0.7253719568252563]
[1.3718152046203613]
[1.4924196004867554]
[1142.3863525390625]
[2.262794256210327]
[6.499289512634277]
[4.170901298522949]
[98.94036865234375]
[4.609087944030762]
[20.507524490356445]
[2.713627815246582]
[9.263845443725586]
[0.14938859641551971]
[5.710115432739258]
[5.603766441345215]
[0.7398126125335693]
[7.159445762634277]
[0.8427239060401917]
[2.5422604084014893]
[3.7985074520111084]
[12.158454895019531]
[1.9168020486831665]
[207.7378692626953]
[14.25245475769043]
[5.402245044708252]
[8.572766304016113]
[6.5822248458862305]
[22.33807945251465]
[5.389156341552734]
[20.410846710205078]
[4.3044657707214355]
[11.856698989868164]
[1.3428858518600464]
[183.8182830810547]
[3.9458701610565186]
[2.235818862915039]
[0.11950601637363434]
[9.175068855285645]
[2.220108985900879]
[153.75836181640625]
[918.3485717773438]
[1.3189178705215454]
[5.250749588012695]
[5.552714824676514]
[3.7787466049194336]
[1.3780604600906372]
[1020.7606201171875]
[0.900932788848877]
[114.73963928222656]
[199.08917236328125]
[6.613893032073975]
[7.141590118408203]
[311.7337646484375]
[974.1654052734375]
[7.21890115737915]
[20.889205932617188]
[1.4357409477233887]
[2.204941749572754]
[3.2882866859436035]
[5.804908275604248]
[180.4954071044922]
[9.799107551574707]
[1.4627158641815186]
[115.75861358642578]
[10.103347778320312]
[8.437901496887207]
[4.333590507507324]
[1.450344204902649]
[1.3968433141708374]
[1.8153671026229858]
[136.30743408203125]
[22.10833168029785]
[24.213438034057617]
[2.850773334503174]
[4.692063331604004]
[1.3969136476516724]
[28.41266441345215]
[1.421255350112915]
[14.448249816894531]
[1.9870765209197998]
[12.551072120666504]
[5.830066680908203]
[1.5991536378860474]
[5.725549221038818]
[18.399534225463867]
[1.4441238641738892]
[4.093261241912842]
[1.2802811861038208]
[1.6195298433303833]
[2.590883493423462]
[40.30352783203125]
[1.4173740148544312]
[2.1064260005950928]
[6.847718715667725]
[22.781410217285156]
[1.4450273513793945]
[6.639826774597168]
[1.3619216680526733]
[4.1942458152771]
[21.808605194091797]
[0.693217933177948]
[1.6511566638946533]
[3.1058967113494873]
[125.15667724609375]
[1.7724632024765015]
[1.633408784866333]
[548.259765625]
[102.69203186035156]
[1.869378685951233]
[2.1620514392852783]
[25.990419387817383]
[4.718993663787842]
[16.090251922607422]
[4.244518756866455]
[41.66043472290039]
[2.9526593685150146]
[5.405235767364502]
[2.228630781173706]
[5.7235870361328125]
[3.684924364089966]
[8.316646575927734]
[4.024127960205078]
[14.239806175231934]
[1.355278491973877]
[27.11315155029297]
[9.356817245483398]
[32.38872528076172]
[0.842140257358551]
[3.9807565212249756]
[6.448462963104248]
[1.2555267810821533]
[6.995368003845215]
[0.7748996019363403]
[14.652636528015137]
[13.560359001159668]
[11.951725006103516]
[3.2325122356414795]
[1.3291211128234863]
[2.629265546798706]
[1.9272183179855347]
[79.8502426147461]
[1.2974343299865723]
[1.9612934589385986]
[15.4472074508667]
[7.400054931640625]
[160.64022827148438]
[1095.106689453125]
[1.8776485919952393]
[1.2811580896377563]
[1.3035861253738403]
[3.722247362136841]
[5.083421230316162]
[4.255270004272461]
[10.775040626525879]
[2.418443202972412]
[181.9974822998047]
[128.29275512695312]
[7.324904918670654]
[16.595354080200195]
[39.100643157958984]
[10.920714378356934]
[8.304317474365234]
[14.20144271850586]
[12.364829063415527]
[422.6831359863281]
[0.1469518393278122]
[19.106529235839844]
[32.40424728393555]
[7.575822830200195]
[40.210365295410156]
[5.062283039093018]
[5.303239822387695]
[21.25830078125]
[178.94265747070312]
[169.9637908935547]
[18.66765785217285]
[21.719104766845703]
[6.385909557342529]
[41.166744232177734]
[101.83451080322266]
[490.6998291015625]
[23.175729751586914]
[3.7733314037323]
[12.645930290222168]
[3190.423828125]
[16.68301773071289]
[158.7474365234375]
[2.530489921569824]
[6.886386871337891]
[4.082577228546143]
[13.626325607299805]
[0.6911543011665344]
[2.6075119972229004]
[15.057294845581055]
[3.575200080871582]
[3.793314218521118]
[9.401164054870605]
[14.789917945861816]
[75.82887268066406]
[298.6838073730469]
[13.266999244689941]
[5.5514068603515625]
[15.821599006652832]
[1.4451937675476074]
[3.712348699569702]
[3.6644833087921143]
[242.86402893066406]
[9.145586013793945]
[6.1821770668029785]
[13.064482688903809]
[2.7907955646514893]
[29.207921981811523]
[15.56374740600586]
[5.302807807922363]
[146.8908233642578]
[6.714348316192627]
[4.934384346008301]
[556.1068115234375]
[811.454833984375]
[25.22772789001465]
[6.899867534637451]
[0.8475580811500549]
[30.631507873535156]
[2.3237500190734863]
[3.290029525756836]
[112.9275131225586]
[1.2805612087249756]
[1.3700799942016602]
[5.77175235748291]
[3.2896106243133545]
[2.4368646144866943]
[1.3818764686584473]
[0.8939884901046753]
[9.73254108428955]
[716.996826171875]
[1.0684527158737183]
[385.4574890136719]
[2.5933399200439453]
[14.498165130615234]
[1.6877955198287964]
[6.178386211395264]
[9.019947052001953]
[22.37067222595215]
[1.4284718036651611]
[5.049201488494873]
[3.4331560134887695]
[21.571578979492188]
[791.6878051757812]
[5.8715081214904785]
[10.668140411376953]
[25.932506561279297]
[1465.169189453125]
[30.004152297973633]
[8.022673606872559]
[61.04082489013672]
[1.6957556009292603]
[0.893062949180603]
[1.440553903579712]
[12.939425468444824]
[23.78130340576172]
[2.7924752235412598]
[735.7544555664062]
[0.6889510154724121]
[9.236676216125488]
[1.4032357931137085]
[27.350053787231445]
[47.582462310791016]
[5.423903942108154]
[6.299359321594238]
[1.6377133131027222]
[7.568719863891602]
[12.031185150146484]
[1.765245795249939]
[2.9584662914276123]
[2.846353054046631]
[108.08450317382812]
[104.42941284179688]
[5.312402248382568]
[31.1339168548584]
[50.29987716674805]
[4.041872024536133]
[1.7409968376159668]
[37.40201950073242]
[30.672100067138672]
[1066.7420654296875]
[1.462792992591858]
[23.76335906982422]
[73.19132995605469]
[158.30812072753906]
[1.7341915369033813]
[0.4103519916534424]
[1.453782558441162]
[12.748571395874023]
[7.855747222900391]
[0.9463763236999512]
[8.63266372680664]
[144.87620544433594]
[0.7309139370918274]
[4.172891616821289]
[0.7353278994560242]
[7.069492340087891]
[7.8280348777771]
[2.709979295730591]
[2.3131563663482666]
[140.75607299804688]
[0.7341263294219971]
[37.14732360839844]
[1.0451351404190063]
[9.68396282196045]
[8.386421203613281]
[4.9965291023254395]
[82.68301391601562]
[168.11460876464844]
[215.90155029296875]
[2.8849315643310547]
[19.98043441772461]
[0.6786500811576843]
[1.5970611572265625]
[11.280644416809082]
[101.532470703125]
[6.91567850112915]
[3.682851791381836]
[15.858809471130371]
[64.13854217529297]
[4.837836742401123]
[2.0155084133148193]
[134.42889404296875]
[1.5278173685073853]
[13.150337219238281]
[42.40251541137695]
[13.60261344909668]
[450.4741516113281]
[27.173107147216797]
[7.507264614105225]
[2.701329231262207]
[458.45233154296875]
[23.869613647460938]
[2.1044859886169434]
[2.463561773300171]
[2.7947168350219727]
[8.6091947555542]
[223.8661346435547]
[2.7728030681610107]
[0.8924599289894104]
[2.5582969188690186]
[1.6581226587295532]
[165.23109436035156]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[2.8751227855682373]
[17.216615676879883]
[1.4763596057891846]
[48.78890609741211]
[7.147900581359863]
[77.61897277832031]
[674.552978515625]
[135.2515869140625]
[1.0768682956695557]
[100.73088836669922]
[14.626667022705078]
[35.556175231933594]
[8.053360939025879]
[2.9710636138916016]
[3.1026482582092285]
[1.497321605682373]
[3.3854410648345947]
[1.456106424331665]
[7.398272514343262]
[9.18718147277832]
[8.285863876342773]
[4.754172325134277]
[7.157139778137207]
[31.64383316040039]
[31.292682647705078]
[83.98954772949219]
[182.68243408203125]
[1.618463158607483]
[253.64947509765625]
[7.777828216552734]
[19.33913230895996]
[3.1830379962921143]
[1.6795252561569214]
[0.6508767008781433]
[41.9755859375]
[241.50440979003906]
[13.404804229736328]
[3.7094597816467285]
[1185.2884521484375]
[6.128905773162842]
[2.378833055496216]
[7.77651834487915]
[0.6418719291687012]
[14.313587188720703]
[4.43612813949585]
[2.076914072036743]
[2.0194475650787354]
[1677.8128662109375]
[31.73859405517578]
[232.9735870361328]
[404.88983154296875]
[100.63391876220703]
[9.122271537780762]
[78.28443145751953]
[1.7953245639801025]
[1.0949586629867554]
[14.338282585144043]
[5.222397327423096]
[128.8429718017578]
[5.059868812561035]
[6.815654754638672]
[19.75365447998047]
[807.9669799804688]
[143.86587524414062]
[22.664325714111328]
[162.4213409423828]
[98.76217651367188]
[44.36531066894531]
[1.5579495429992676]
[1.6745306253433228]
[20.927230834960938]
[8.48847484588623]
[9.274988174438477]
[0.9323659539222717]
[38.02115249633789]
[653.7620849609375]
[12.947871208190918]
[320.8813171386719]
[3.328286647796631]
[1.8902784585952759]
[6.183112621307373]
[88.6237564086914]
[18.331565856933594]
[10.233683586120605]
[965.363525390625]
[1.459851861000061]
[6.571692943572998]
[14.256924629211426]
[6.887142181396484]
[94.60791778564453]
[48.25907897949219]
[1.8045498132705688]
[14.077479362487793]
[9.534758567810059]
[7.8142476081848145]
[1.5400865077972412]
[0.7174330949783325]
[1.8719781637191772]
[12.160688400268555]
[444.1854248046875]
[10.187682151794434]
[380.32891845703125]
[934.4598999023438]
[3.5686354637145996]
[4.461393356323242]
[1.504600167274475]
[20.610580444335938]
[7.6492509841918945]
[1.4542145729064941]
[2.5089938640594482]
[4.565885543823242]
[1.476392388343811]
[66.87907409667969]
[1.0096513032913208]
[2.272916555404663]
[0.9042254090309143]
[12.80152702331543]
[89.5520248413086]
[1.5098998546600342]
[103.432373046875]
[5.5778350830078125]
[2.001124382019043]
[24.251853942871094]
[14.565707206726074]
[7.216676712036133]
[2.586635112762451]
[5.378189563751221]
[5.4862542152404785]
[16.388025283813477]
[81.04390716552734]
[3.521272659301758]
[1.603936791419983]
[4.663861274719238]
[12.427276611328125]
[51.40771484375]
[2.6440634727478027]
[1.5605279207229614]
[72.60235595703125]
[2.1501874923706055]
[2.3436996936798096]
[5.2668023109436035]
[0.887086808681488]
[26.641633987426758]
[6.468106746673584]
[4.897406578063965]
[4.6751909255981445]
[4.594080924987793]
[24.120433807373047]
[3.5809507369995117]
[2.4911410808563232]
[7.510950088500977]
[4.321610927581787]
[17.99695587158203]
[1.4527796506881714]
[1.15285062789917]
[129.26858520507812]
[0.8397079706192017]
[2.8266587257385254]
[15.809231758117676]
[800.374755859375]
[63.233829498291016]
[3.409979820251465]
[4.829774379730225]
[1.9174844026565552]
[5.701641082763672]
[147.5404815673828]
[8.254766464233398]
[6.396792411804199]
[6.3611016273498535]
[41.65892028808594]
[1.5925281047821045]
[1.4883173704147339]
[0.8903701305389404]
[3.7936313152313232]
[13.156113624572754]
[3.125758409500122]
[156.7458953857422]
[25.508926391601562]
[2.111374616622925]
[17.243993759155273]
[0.4318788945674896]
[2.911360502243042]
[2.462259531021118]
[7.2642903327941895]
[0.8317527770996094]
[5.720630645751953]
[3.3813228607177734]
[1118.787841796875]
[5.561906814575195]
[5.281296253204346]
[5.598323345184326]
[15.76388168334961]
[0.8328174352645874]
[7.570093154907227]
[79.46434783935547]
[190.6629638671875]
[49.580528259277344]
[425.48980712890625]
[2.002725124359131]
[1.3896279335021973]
[1.4097546339035034]
[7.400068283081055]
[1.0785729885101318]
[9.372815132141113]
[2.4005866050720215]
[7.263298511505127]
[1.7616143226623535]
[1.3612219095230103]
[29.190092086791992]
[13.827327728271484]
[0.0830121785402298]
[0.747039794921875]
[49.248382568359375]
[1.7921756505966187]
[2.8583338260650635]
[6.058068752288818]
[5.328607559204102]
[5.938895225524902]
[49.026180267333984]
[1.9003758430480957]
[1.4602584838867188]
[6.564965724945068]
[120.69252014160156]
[22.14557456970215]
[5.847916126251221]
[163.01271057128906]
[13.121557235717773]
[0.8028017282485962]
[4.892021179199219]
[7.6102681159973145]
[1.7731194496154785]
[12.135315895080566]
[10.4119873046875]
[1.1036443710327148]
[0.48358792066574097]
[1.2732017040252686]
[1.7615910768508911]
[13.053982734680176]
[57.9369010925293]
[3.287820339202881]
[6.4853835105896]
[160.26124572753906]
[1.4760056734085083]
[4.2439961433410645]
[5.818518161773682]
[19.67605972290039]
[107.95601654052734]
[0.32795920968055725]
[19.658105850219727]
[222.5269317626953]
[0.7405259609222412]
[0.15417270362377167]
[9.433177947998047]
[9.365509986877441]
[43.4572868347168]
[114.92504119873047]
[1.2375291585922241]
[1.4857631921768188]
[33.177085876464844]
[1.257065773010254]
[1972.02587890625]
[1.1721446514129639]
[0.7604243755340576]
[12.228815078735352]
[1.1026997566223145]
[86.24699401855469]
[4.339547634124756]
[424.483154296875]
[3.299626350402832]
[7.462947368621826]
[0.7513585686683655]
[12.288039207458496]
[99.91972351074219]
[113.05799865722656]
[9.410016059875488]
[169.00413513183594]
[3181.469970703125]
[5.45387077331543]
[7.343137741088867]
[1.787269115447998]
[1.0620399713516235]
[93.7337417602539]
[162.82374572753906]
[2.728825569152832]
[231.92950439453125]
[116.084716796875]
[220.6612091064453]
[0.48287105560302734]
[0.3253020942211151]
[2.7781450748443604]
[1.0229243040084839]
[6.908444881439209]
[2.9638967514038086]
[3.6975085735321045]
[2.5038540363311768]
[16.43746566772461]
[1.6365145444869995]
[1.6329385042190552]
[1.6278932094573975]
[10.985001564025879]
[6.552582263946533]
[26.29505157470703]
[5.899001598358154]
[3.3479561805725098]
[8.321562767028809]
[183.20677185058594]
[116.27375793457031]
[3.8336257934570312]
[144.4917449951172]
[1.0113229751586914]
[5.265078544616699]
[792.010009765625]
[28.868995666503906]
[11.859086990356445]
[3.956477642059326]
[7.722996711730957]
[70.32339477539062]
[19.29716682434082]
[132.5325469970703]
[0.8332794904708862]
[3.6855978965759277]
[4.387094020843506]
[19.574993133544922]
[8.606945037841797]
[2.9667177200317383]
[3.771939754486084]
[10.825364112854004]
[0.8100743889808655]
[1.7404372692108154]
[31.76102066040039]
[0.9236508011817932]
[4.564421653747559]
[36.123207092285156]
[20.004596710205078]
[1.491105318069458]
[499.812255859375]
[43.48802185058594]
[10.303322792053223]
[672.6507568359375]
[212.27516174316406]
[19.040172576904297]
[5.327165126800537]
[270.6961669921875]
[2.3580777645111084]
[22.156675338745117]
[0.7433577179908752]
[2.27397084236145]
[38.83000183105469]
[1.4335227012634277]
[0.42754870653152466]
[51.0142707824707]
[8.91988754272461]
[3.357156991958618]
[24.434803009033203]
[139.1275634765625]
[1.432266354560852]
[0.981239378452301]
[6.911971569061279]
[1.4191632270812988]
[1.363208293914795]
[1.278855323791504]
[30.65874671936035]
[7.988507270812988]
[6.9081220626831055]
[5.585540294647217]
[3.080639123916626]
[21.70520782470703]
[7.455446243286133]
[6.609811305999756]
[28.2613582611084]
[6.134568691253662]
[83.94175720214844]
[40.245018005371094]
[0.30746665596961975]
[6.245355606079102]
[1.937543511390686]
[3.245908260345459]
[3.693068265914917]
[7.294743537902832]
[9.862585067749023]
[140.65333557128906]
[1.8771988153457642]
[5.722154140472412]
[1.4824345111846924]
[0.7313973903656006]
[2.074591636657715]
[166.25328063964844]
[0.626693069934845]
[12.209795951843262]
[6.550711154937744]
[2.6489057540893555]
[5.588376998901367]
[2.4008569717407227]
[416.41363525390625]
[58.39815902709961]
[7.778124809265137]
[5.511876106262207]
[6.616080284118652]
[117.18609619140625]
[38.26637268066406]
[6.390356540679932]
[2.283824920654297]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[12.255799293518066]
[1.3691731691360474]
[21.425189971923828]
[12.639991760253906]
[2.7546277046203613]
[0.8211219310760498]
[12.690544128417969]
[21.721567153930664]
[13.1397705078125]
[0.08940760791301727]
[21.409669876098633]
[11.871700286865234]
[1.3582855463027954]
[6.722843170166016]
[14.277679443359375]
[189.59925842285156]
[1.5919930934906006]
[5.45810604095459]
[11.736624717712402]
[9.330648422241211]
[1.298932671546936]
[33.477230072021484]
[1.2004634141921997]
[13.826912879943848]
[3.3277502059936523]
[1.387413740158081]
[1.3775277137756348]
[2.215686559677124]
[1.89345121383667]
[250.20928955078125]
[79.87397766113281]
[6.2348198890686035]
[695.6348266601562]
[4.396670818328857]
[40.03988265991211]
[12.681478500366211]
[9.670763969421387]
[13.388484954833984]
[198.03492736816406]
[16.98997688293457]
[2.152841091156006]
[18.441225051879883]
[21.608983993530273]
[5.582577705383301]
[22.818761825561523]
[3.053112745285034]
[483.4965515136719]
[1039.7144775390625]
[343.24102783203125]
[15.768110275268555]
[1.2406108379364014]
[59.48695373535156]
[43.924034118652344]
[94.15808868408203]
[6.321016788482666]
[15.106476783752441]
[390.2900390625]
[0.08324946463108063]
[0.8734440803527832]
[3.9833157062530518]
[2.129150390625]
[5.646445274353027]
[4.451756000518799]
[473.992919921875]
[2.645045757293701]
[11.724971771240234]
[4.718960285186768]
[26.457876205444336]
[27.050857543945312]
[2.079944133758545]
[2.284855842590332]
[8.608266830444336]
[55.88606262207031]
[1.078843355178833]
[902.7574462890625]
[3.4011435508728027]
[463.5634765625]
[3.4539597034454346]
[6.6011857986450195]
[6.664956092834473]
[8.215775489807129]
[226.3075408935547]
[4.784214019775391]
[693.5179443359375]
[164.94931030273438]
[62.02241134643555]
[10.850163459777832]
[1.4650585651397705]
[5.960217475891113]
[61.901485443115234]
[2.5078206062316895]
[2.0258965492248535]
[2.8325870037078857]
[80.63449096679688]
[27.838951110839844]
[10.416120529174805]
[1.471316933631897]
[137.5297088623047]
[305.5171813964844]
[10.459692001342773]
[1.5027704238891602]
[7.959411144256592]
[54.57511901855469]
[3.4357264041900635]
[2.0489273071289062]
[1.4541221857070923]
[4.523656845092773]
[1610.3870849609375]
[2.016777992248535]
[18.48523712158203]
[2.1196601390838623]
[1.6627533435821533]
[27.278125762939453]
[1.6870137453079224]
[52.73627471923828]
[11.734003067016602]
[108.91104125976562]
[4.680159091949463]
[18.313623428344727]
[148.3581085205078]
[32.07937240600586]
[121.92964172363281]
[6.875216007232666]
[11.566712379455566]
[1.7933839559555054]
[120.69088745117188]
[31.455854415893555]
[4.18665885925293]
[9.072484016418457]
[9.76149845123291]
[6.379785060882568]
[70.52336120605469]
[10.568920135498047]
[2.537689447402954]
[625.988525390625]
[5.877847671508789]
[1.5058090686798096]
[4.0210957527160645]
[436.5273132324219]
[1.0825129747390747]
[7.950660228729248]
[11.881338119506836]
[4.846629619598389]
[79.32296752929688]
[42.62668991088867]
[6.2970452308654785]
[11.322644233703613]
[3.545227289199829]
[26.70592498779297]
[11.005566596984863]
[1.3958141803741455]
[0.716763973236084]
[17.69767189025879]
[0.1285812258720398]
[466.0115661621094]
[1.6668118238449097]
[3.7438771724700928]
[1.3447309732437134]
[16.336170196533203]
[1.5627331733703613]
[2.0812156200408936]
[4.120944976806641]
[4.278228282928467]
[22.267833709716797]
[88.77002716064453]
[6.1922607421875]
[2.1462981700897217]
[1.203770637512207]
[22.832256317138672]
[2.2347850799560547]
[8.696732521057129]
[3.625241994857788]
[1.5578465461730957]
[28.270753860473633]
[14.865836143493652]
[2.275501012802124]
[34.33108139038086]
[13.253286361694336]
[1.2704801559448242]
[247.53549194335938]
[6.5369391441345215]
[14.01248550415039]
[15.294742584228516]
[97.62123107910156]
[2.0547852516174316]
[31.7741756439209]
[117.39401245117188]
[10.210164070129395]
[5.6503143310546875]
[5.867846488952637]
[2.271994113922119]
[76.43067169189453]
[87.90894317626953]
[117.92250061035156]
[0.37330201268196106]
[1.2637501955032349]
[12.601816177368164]
[1.9926549196243286]
[9.062488555908203]
[1.1277283430099487]
[3.481498956680298]
[1.2851176261901855]
[62.075252532958984]
[4.162675857543945]
[267.19671630859375]
[30.488115310668945]
[181.38360595703125]
[1.6068508625030518]
[4.052353382110596]
[3.529930353164673]
[4.853151798248291]
[2.1582961082458496]
[168.9447479248047]
[204.55372619628906]
[742.7770385742188]
[1.254554271697998]
[19.97384262084961]
[682.0130615234375]
[12.077496528625488]
[730.5486450195312]
[35.262203216552734]
[82.49016571044922]
[3.5012900829315186]
[415.03057861328125]
[70.7923812866211]
[436.32598876953125]
[20.85021209716797]
[0.8945631980895996]
[9.440093040466309]
[2.3024137020111084]
[17.112144470214844]
[9.582152366638184]
[498.2662048339844]
[12.582780838012695]
[2.9865376949310303]
[3.420135498046875]
[82.73458862304688]
[1.3317687511444092]
[7.776427745819092]
[1.0631846189498901]
[9.49148941040039]
[97.76050567626953]
[1.39103364944458]
[50.790809631347656]
[4.03536319732666]
[1.6794928312301636]
[46.89217758178711]
[6.206428050994873]
[34.60219192504883]
[39.64112854003906]
[82.57429504394531]
[1.4959461688995361]
[2.6285393238067627]
[18.316307067871094]
[38.27748107910156]
[2.1526269912719727]
[11.011528015136719]
[1.7347853183746338]
[0.7284038662910461]
[2.039259195327759]
[3.9407260417938232]
[10.569620132446289]
[69.6626968383789]
[1.6814994812011719]
[5.684247016906738]
[31.368440628051758]
[0.5387958884239197]
[0.42687541246414185]
[75.37907409667969]
[11.619087219238281]
[9.345460891723633]
[1.2534254789352417]
[1.3856141567230225]
[2.4813549518585205]
[3.554058790206909]
[2.2947824001312256]
[1.4569456577301025]
[4.563409805297852]
[321.98858642578125]
[0.742247998714447]
[4.1419243812561035]
[984.3721923828125]
[50.08642578125]
[1.9211926460266113]
[13.953190803527832]
[1.3499962091445923]
[1.3401765823364258]
[1.9556474685668945]
[9.664508819580078]
[3.3734827041625977]
[2.428877830505371]
[0.755002498626709]
[1.3296374082565308]
[343.2735290527344]
[0.6177759766578674]
[132.93270874023438]
[26.16888427734375]
[11.496670722961426]
[4.712832450866699]
[1.8954942226409912]
[3.404395818710327]
[12.282181739807129]
[26.010784149169922]
[118.9098129272461]
[4.643648624420166]
[45.36865234375]
[0.6782788634300232]
[6.2676310539245605]
[1.6439721584320068]
[1.4707255363464355]
[11.7400541305542]
[943.9425659179688]
[1.2420884370803833]
[463.9734802246094]
[2.7197070121765137]
[0.9741981625556946]
[191.8800811767578]
[2.621107578277588]
[117.52005767822266]
[2.7048468589782715]
[9.950214385986328]
[1.835422158241272]
[1.5551261901855469]
[2.28433895111084]
[618.33251953125]
[19.000185012817383]
[7.480937957763672]
[96.52814483642578]
[1.1518969535827637]
[3.4676389694213867]
[60.96263122558594]
[1.0216249227523804]
[945.8506469726562]
[2.455625534057617]
[8.342342376708984]
[30.220561981201172]
[1.2197366952896118]
[134.54876708984375]
[21.364173889160156]
[14.114405632019043]
[42.084312438964844]
[18.17734146118164]
[6.884697437286377]
[8.97486400604248]
[6.1319475173950195]
[2.251955509185791]
[0.8047411441802979]
[0.12052446603775024]
[3795.349609375]
[5.48643684387207]
[14.575021743774414]
[1.899149775505066]
[5.21962833404541]
[2.845947265625]
[4.684272766113281]
[20.8287353515625]
[6.235713481903076]
[1.3453303575515747]
[6.61703634262085]
[1.3873541355133057]
[1.381019115447998]
[2.774294137954712]
[28.55480194091797]
[2.1281654834747314]
[2.20633864402771]
[29.476957321166992]
[7.292846202850342]
[21.447036743164062]
[68.34596252441406]
[3.3702199459075928]
[12.905447006225586]
[0.8384092450141907]
[3.795076847076416]
[120.623046875]
[9.918610572814941]
[20.319072723388672]
[16.052324295043945]
[7.34989070892334]
[3.929476022720337]
[9.458647727966309]
[1.8617724180221558]
[72.73641967773438]
[105.80210876464844]
[32.39947509765625]
[1.496110439300537]
[149.01959228515625]
[2.721095323562622]
[2.231860876083374]
[1.4140441417694092]
[1.4164314270019531]
[3.005296230316162]
[3.191495418548584]
[59.60417556762695]
[1.1571757793426514]
[6.226916313171387]
[1.967444896697998]
[9.789894104003906]
[139.46588134765625]
[0.13991911709308624]
[2.6003522872924805]
[0.8751994371414185]
[59.1942138671875]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.6419448852539062]
[2.5843801498413086]
[33.91057586669922]
[15.866358757019043]
[20.894081115722656]
[51.185218811035156]
[25.033815383911133]
[1.5684581995010376]
[15.300422668457031]
[151.0968475341797]
[2.3385355472564697]
[10.34344482421875]
[273.5561218261719]
[1.3894755840301514]
[11.98503303527832]
[2.1198081970214844]
[0.8539453744888306]
[5.208391189575195]
[0.8453208804130554]
[15.37199592590332]
[38.0080680847168]
[2.6238391399383545]
[1.4319634437561035]
[5.97665548324585]
[25.093647003173828]
[21.650354385375977]
[5.520699501037598]
[1.4090543985366821]
[2.752638578414917]
[5.520928382873535]
[22.944568634033203]
[221.10923767089844]
[19.26022720336914]
[1.314638614654541]
[33.059852600097656]
[0.7603223919868469]
[30.76604652404785]
[10.518394470214844]
[1.757332444190979]
[385.1170959472656]
[298.9127197265625]
[144.440185546875]
[17.048250198364258]
[1.6509902477264404]
[190.55467224121094]
[1.5886597633361816]
[1.1967706680297852]
[0.6117005348205566]
[9.439279556274414]
[9.9838285446167]
[28.66223907470703]
[0.8366097807884216]
[96.50272369384766]
[136.20278930664062]
[4.339098930358887]
[1.3497695922851562]
[2.012324571609497]
[1.4690300226211548]
[0.08900850266218185]
[8.70311164855957]
[1.335957646369934]
[0.9992738962173462]
[8.427927017211914]
[25.229419708251953]
[12.9938383102417]
[43.329551696777344]
[5.0140299797058105]
[1.6881176233291626]
[272.8681945800781]
[1.3881030082702637]
[1.7680095434188843]
[0.7909783124923706]
[3.520744562149048]
[4.059947490692139]
[0.6885365843772888]
[0.803794801235199]
[1.7257368564605713]
[0.9897597432136536]
[37.91310119628906]
[23.70513343811035]
[19.32598304748535]
[40.87242126464844]
[2.187448263168335]
[2.182511329650879]
[1.7511014938354492]
[13.119512557983398]
[1.265568733215332]
[131.7201690673828]
[0.8612834215164185]
[3.969114065170288]
[8.833995819091797]
[12.022017478942871]
[26.828481674194336]
[1.1097887754440308]
[2.3755388259887695]
[12.020216941833496]
[20.45694351196289]
[14.495227813720703]
[289.26385498046875]
[2.104043960571289]
[559.2021484375]
[80.49786376953125]
[0.8273071050643921]
[96.28076171875]
[1.759151577949524]
[4.686758518218994]
[4.369523525238037]
[2.276423692703247]
[1.4867786169052124]
[40.548683166503906]
[262.4478759765625]
[16.202743530273438]
[83.13092803955078]
[4.840071201324463]
[2.065953254699707]
[3.198927402496338]
[288.2593078613281]
[11.21072769165039]
[0.6000192165374756]
[1.3490849733352661]
[24.69818687438965]
[15.432059288024902]
[0.714397668838501]
[2.3512511253356934]
[96.29495239257812]
[59.85761260986328]
[1036.30029296875]
[12.137751579284668]
[6.560006618499756]
[197.60568237304688]
[1120.1036376953125]
[5.575906753540039]
[12.70483684539795]
[17.62152671813965]
[6.7992048263549805]
[13.488173484802246]
[19.637720108032227]
[291.2715148925781]
[24.26062774658203]
[1.3342578411102295]
[4.168639659881592]
[0.6002098917961121]
[61.312583923339844]
[37.977638244628906]
[300.9391784667969]
[79.40182495117188]
[82.71742248535156]
[0.8120645880699158]
[3.4360592365264893]
[8.760675430297852]
[1.7686450481414795]
[4.959836483001709]
[14.028199195861816]
[9.181365013122559]
[1.3311412334442139]
[9.727764129638672]
[10.450231552124023]
[65.96917724609375]
[0.7971093058586121]
[29.201696395874023]
[178.41299438476562]
[702.1376342773438]
[46.41719055175781]
[21.8013916015625]
[762.33642578125]
[39.92791748046875]
[0.6230890154838562]
[1.2730158567428589]
[101.08429718017578]
[112.99420928955078]
[13.296490669250488]
[66.74653625488281]
[4.0836663246154785]
[38402.828125]
[6.905208587646484]
[1.0470060110092163]
[19.751121520996094]
[10.05265998840332]
[120.4404067993164]
[1.5863254070281982]
[53.06802749633789]
[16.781444549560547]
[92.84607696533203]
[39.560028076171875]
[5.906057834625244]
[8.760586738586426]
[28.681119918823242]
[18.379680633544922]
[3.309833288192749]
[23.094648361206055]
[131.19561767578125]
[203.62982177734375]
[21.897192001342773]
[278.9166259765625]
[221.46951293945312]
[11.581783294677734]
[4.804780960083008]
[18.94746971130371]
[158.8292236328125]
[12.506421089172363]
[13.261911392211914]
[19.883132934570312]
[1.7063112258911133]
[21.07561492919922]
[15.091997146606445]
[1.7346266508102417]
[2.9824109077453613]
[18.156410217285156]
[18.93101692199707]
[60.81370162963867]
[4.035249710083008]
[11.913354873657227]
[34.81913757324219]
[82.82148742675781]
[25.104137420654297]
[5.6073784828186035]
[17.979677200317383]
[1219.3441162109375]
[32.006874084472656]
[2662.202880859375]
[396.9747009277344]
[2.1153392791748047]
[2.1143927574157715]
[2.1503069400787354]
[536.9302368164062]
[398.3901672363281]
[10.14828872680664]
[2.2601382732391357]
[2.2043347358703613]
[2.3673157691955566]
[2.6011404991149902]
[19.17432403564453]
[9.452569961547852]
[18.56140899658203]
[65.64730834960938]
[1.4778653383255005]
[2.5994603633880615]
[17.438854217529297]
[2.3906569480895996]
[2.405897617340088]
[2.1329729557037354]
[4.3958353996276855]
[2.8807458877563477]
[0.4488300383090973]
[51.43437194824219]
[4.678484916687012]
[48.19618606567383]
[253.88046264648438]
[1111.9942626953125]
[22.641843795776367]
[5.732236385345459]
[95.12590026855469]
[13.998678207397461]
[24.416826248168945]
[28.431381225585938]
[15.272494316101074]
[134.80303955078125]
[3.1848719120025635]
[15.059571266174316]
[6.858803749084473]
[55.885719299316406]
[2.1818251609802246]
[1.767733097076416]
[7.558183193206787]
[5.234459400177002]
[6.590841770172119]
[1.0980204343795776]
[79.5972900390625]
[9.0050630569458]
[6.277978897094727]
[50.678531646728516]
[165.48355102539062]
[3.4261484146118164]
[4.596347808837891]
[2.3098578453063965]
[11.601964950561523]
[14.655889511108398]
[6.287907123565674]
[3.8233137130737305]
[427.1171569824219]
[15.117884635925293]
[15.924386024475098]
[3.8535993099212646]
[44.51545715332031]
[32.606483459472656]
[261.613525390625]
[12.325238227844238]
[1.9692165851593018]
[1.5697696208953857]
[1.6469837427139282]
[0.9231735467910767]
[0.8539713025093079]
[66.88494873046875]
[3.1437482833862305]
[10.84041976928711]
[35.0029411315918]
[1.0673378705978394]
[332.60565185546875]
[21.68169593811035]
[32.756629943847656]
[13.497998237609863]
[9.790699005126953]
[37.04372787475586]
[1.1308971643447876]
[7.966415882110596]
[1.7268922328948975]
[7.057941913604736]
[24.025291442871094]
[4.971640586853027]
[6.159262657165527]
[6.594642162322998]
[69.05944061279297]
[10.817163467407227]
[1.0313750505447388]
[3.5845324993133545]
[2.4722702503204346]
[159.6609649658203]
[13.789933204650879]
[73.80673217773438]
[12.073351860046387]
[0.9782020449638367]
[8.448585510253906]
[1.0475108623504639]
[1557.99609375]
[0.7471254467964172]
[267.29119873046875]
[48.91630935668945]
[527.8175659179688]
[1.5515048503875732]
[4.083744049072266]
[30.573270797729492]
[29.065967559814453]
[32.89875793457031]
[207.201171875]
[20.91358184814453]
[50.07915496826172]
[1.9760050773620605]
[6.9005255699157715]
[6.254771709442139]
[1.6745712757110596]
[53.438568115234375]
[7.206968307495117]
[10.398694038391113]
[8.989197731018066]
[125.76202392578125]
[20.32402801513672]
[5.427062511444092]
[20.13937759399414]
[1.4157061576843262]
[44.01093673706055]
[10.258759498596191]
[4.878888130187988]
[2.6456804275512695]
[48.944705963134766]
[368.47186279296875]
[10.987442970275879]
[119.22481536865234]
[1.121732473373413]
[10.633814811706543]
[5.418925762176514]
[0.8388797044754028]
[5.597348213195801]
[143.34303283691406]
[10.3018159866333]
[6.256860256195068]
[88.81951141357422]
[116.66607666015625]
[1.3618677854537964]
[27.144207000732422]
[4.829452991485596]
[5.0392680168151855]
[1.8001313209533691]
[253.0055694580078]
[0.24237710237503052]
[1.7920958995819092]
[4.013867378234863]
[19.103614807128906]
[3.3236963748931885]
[2.958308219909668]
[1.31740403175354]
[351.649169921875]
[9.0010347366333]
[1.259426236152649]
[29.881399154663086]
[0.6805243492126465]
[58.349666595458984]
[3.4311957359313965]
[978.1560668945312]
[5.341886520385742]
[0.6850075721740723]
[39.650184631347656]
[13.63223648071289]
[0.8600847125053406]
[6.405898571014404]
[1.0864951610565186]
[0.6531344056129456]
[0.7826891541481018]
[3.096104383468628]
[7.935708045959473]
[333.07537841796875]
[702.7711181640625]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.502828598022461]
[1.2158106565475464]
[26.994482040405273]
[1.8586454391479492]
[2.271117925643921]
[1.072281837463379]
[3.138051748275757]
[5.105932712554932]
[8.493706703186035]
[589.6829833984375]
[0.7480321526527405]
[1.6508184671401978]
[7.388177394866943]
[11.627176284790039]
[4.500586986541748]
[40.445648193359375]
[0.7973623871803284]
[131.78009033203125]
[20.61438751220703]
[4.978604316711426]
[6.154001235961914]
[39.18896484375]
[1.1546765565872192]
[0.4313679039478302]
[5.5080156326293945]
[1.8180913925170898]
[9.502829551696777]
[356.031982421875]
[12.480141639709473]
[1.4468765258789062]
[1.2111998796463013]
[136.93263244628906]
[1.6291824579238892]
[567.8276977539062]
[1.1901116371154785]
[6.839174270629883]
[12.447526931762695]
[1.2073259353637695]
[298.5816345214844]
[102.47541809082031]
[12.448233604431152]
[98.36426544189453]
[126.2936019897461]
[0.9922232627868652]
[1.8002554178237915]
[12.351673126220703]
[5.6045074462890625]
[0.7665324211120605]
[3.3710570335388184]
[1.7346726655960083]
[1.520825982093811]
[36.31959533691406]
[21.282957077026367]
[5.932769775390625]
[6.501269340515137]
[2.897733211517334]
[16.838241577148438]
[5.052420616149902]
[971.3740844726562]
[8.428555488586426]
[4.6356611251831055]
[307.7477722167969]
[14.918706893920898]
[4.361879825592041]
[0.5811383724212646]
[3.5619394779205322]
[4.32215690612793]
[3.1356613636016846]
[2.676501750946045]
[18.052371978759766]
[12.14461898803711]
[18.37769889831543]
[6.293431282043457]
[2.4126334190368652]
[10.314896583557129]
[7.040485382080078]
[4.394848346710205]
[1.9274940490722656]
[0.6675140857696533]
[48.59206008911133]
[1.5131417512893677]
[1.0926108360290527]
[18.560813903808594]
[76.2302017211914]
[44.70851135253906]
[0.5851958990097046]
[239.51910400390625]
[0.5682119131088257]
[110.78584289550781]
[6.065855026245117]
[201.54513549804688]
[4.954229354858398]
[2.1024811267852783]
[34.95654296875]
[1.108931541442871]
[12.050873756408691]
[1.4114052057266235]
[295.03826904296875]
[498.1918029785156]
[227.15980529785156]
[5.651310443878174]
[27.354774475097656]
[2.2651290893554688]
[5.492354869842529]
[0.596622109413147]
[1.1093155145645142]
[19.971391677856445]
[7.345180511474609]
[101.86492919921875]
[29.328062057495117]
[6.20977783203125]
[1.516180157661438]
[10.642666816711426]
[6.198898792266846]
[4.437817573547363]
[19.490428924560547]
[43.370967864990234]
[263.0816345214844]
[1.9528807401657104]
[61.16353988647461]
[3551.072265625]
[4.012712001800537]
[4.751550197601318]
[47.85330581665039]
[104.30831146240234]
[43.14632797241211]
[11.291301727294922]
[1.3981901407241821]
[0.6731089949607849]
[108.01127624511719]
[13.25996208190918]
[47.98765563964844]
[7.909876823425293]
[1.5715030431747437]
[7.900310516357422]
[1.8920596837997437]
[104.56175994873047]
[5.843459606170654]
[24.573535919189453]
[3.4244275093078613]
[196.3006591796875]
[38.311790466308594]
[120.03700256347656]
[209.6676788330078]
[14.451308250427246]
[75.03266906738281]
[1.4458930492401123]
[775.67138671875]
[6.467132091522217]
[1396.5311279296875]
[1646.6708984375]
[2.414607048034668]
[75.65264129638672]
[4.839864730834961]
[2.389685869216919]
[1707.26708984375]
[0.6390463709831238]
[10.227903366088867]
[16.8027400970459]
[4.478074550628662]
[122.51380920410156]
[3.534775972366333]
[10.961830139160156]
[1.8357609510421753]
[174.2022247314453]
[1.1416027545928955]
[3.9882640838623047]
[362.19921875]
[103.87481689453125]
[86.12303924560547]
[84.15969848632812]
[4.522098541259766]
[17.6677188873291]
[5.616307258605957]
[10.161425590515137]
[12.881382942199707]
[29.842939376831055]
[14.771076202392578]
[1.5253427028656006]
[2.6526076793670654]
[4.94396448135376]
[2.2456657886505127]
[2.6758289337158203]
[1.4265594482421875]
[1.9965416193008423]
[4.803606986999512]
[5.4513444900512695]
[0.7834856510162354]
[1.7563483715057373]
[1.6509536504745483]
[20.948719024658203]
[19.13038444519043]
[3.865274429321289]
[14.66177749633789]
[4.379148960113525]
[1.271690011024475]
[2.3707621097564697]
[8.472713470458984]
[1.4944484233856201]
[189.20233154296875]
[205.69654846191406]
[6.617032527923584]
[8.199686050415039]
[0.7281458377838135]
[4.8047075271606445]
[2.346601724624634]
[18.960651397705078]
[2.047738790512085]
[5.7900919914245605]
[267.7660827636719]
[7.873804092407227]
[5.098849296569824]
[42.94416427612305]
[13.344593048095703]
[26.240013122558594]
[0.767994225025177]
[1.5361289978027344]
[4.436126232147217]
[3.020864963531494]
[1.216087818145752]
[40.13070297241211]
[14.769208908081055]
[0.6291860342025757]
[51.214847564697266]
[271.53558349609375]
[0.6253167986869812]
[247.40087890625]
[4.706545352935791]
[2.110588550567627]
[2.7536122798919678]
[28.666610717773438]
[2.177914619445801]
[5.1877336502075195]
[3.4645378589630127]
[13.079051971435547]
[5.893860340118408]
[263.8564147949219]
[1.0242756605148315]
[5.321753978729248]
[2.1322031021118164]
[4.418697357177734]
[6.495707988739014]
[61.632755279541016]
[1.0053178071975708]
[2.1403439044952393]
[2.7973501682281494]
[187.20693969726562]
[4.044218063354492]
[20.271093368530273]
[413.7598876953125]
[11.500938415527344]
[0.6673513650894165]
[2.1390368938446045]
[3.8827619552612305]
[1.9615954160690308]
[1.7624212503433228]
[1097.180908203125]
[4.691347599029541]
[1.1501944065093994]
[603.70361328125]
[2.003622531890869]
[40.46579360961914]
[6.4402995109558105]
[32.357627868652344]
[24.23740005493164]
[433.58868408203125]
[2.4221789836883545]
[99.82324981689453]
[3.766446590423584]
[1.8113257884979248]
[21.275779724121094]
[270.9732360839844]
[0.6576864123344421]
[15.413049697875977]
[3.0201218128204346]
[1.2699551582336426]
[162.81021118164062]
[7.6407270431518555]
[105.41110229492188]
[9.568285942077637]
[7.085156440734863]
[1.693662405014038]
[29.11050796508789]
[4.4134135246276855]
[11.382149696350098]
[8.320523262023926]
[156.24383544921875]
[7.607242584228516]
[538.5007934570312]
[2.701906204223633]
[50.51220703125]
[16.756370544433594]
[2.401977300643921]
[2.670384168624878]
[3.964644193649292]
[1.58034086227417]
[5.554384231567383]
[1.4031764268875122]
[71.0186538696289]
[1.0380809307098389]
[27.288572311401367]
[7.533656120300293]
[1.0391819477081299]
[3.6686768531799316]
[6.0826215744018555]
[5.2715229988098145]
[7.920588970184326]
[27.760221481323242]
[8.534557342529297]
[6.216419219970703]
[425.6136779785156]
[7.297551155090332]
[4.828425407409668]
[9.21435260772705]
[145.98583984375]
[65.06878662109375]
[9.559487342834473]
[101.00220489501953]
[28.750747680664062]
[4.022696018218994]
[2.9484758377075195]
[13.126418113708496]
[7.4913330078125]
[1.2631150484085083]
[1.261290192604065]
[16.324800491333008]
[1.5394216775894165]
[1.6412092447280884]
[27.454212188720703]
[3.270733118057251]
[258.24542236328125]
[6.749432563781738]
[2.2345972061157227]
[0.40110233426094055]
[11.50922966003418]
[1.8352959156036377]
[1.5360575914382935]
[2.17889666557312]
[16.008581161499023]
[4.035584926605225]
[474.886962890625]
[1.345786690711975]
[42.543148040771484]
[188.732421875]
[47.39695358276367]
[14.023377418518066]
[6.8293137550354]
[2.270780563354492]
[12.602926254272461]
[4.626621723175049]
[1.281693696975708]
[1.535650372505188]
[24.448814392089844]
[0.7119419574737549]
[80.28590393066406]
[5.326472282409668]
[93.37891387939453]
[10.818425178527832]
[2.6189465522766113]
[2.6046078205108643]
[13.594744682312012]
[1.339268684387207]
[0.7891764640808105]
[0.6271430850028992]
[46.36528396606445]
[4.504188060760498]
[1.7021117210388184]
[1.4455642700195312]
[407.6501159667969]
[271.3231506347656]
[3.184601068496704]
[11.583662986755371]
[0.6498083472251892]
[31.037660598754883]
[2.5472168922424316]
[1.3131526708602905]
[68.32377624511719]
[4.197120189666748]
[70.33930206298828]
[1304.0543212890625]
[0.6429507732391357]
[17.368698120117188]
[0.6041673421859741]
[4.84879732131958]
[1087.166259765625]
[138.0469207763672]
[3.0496268272399902]
[2.0616016387939453]
[1.7510277032852173]
[12.406813621520996]
[0.6196966767311096]
[10.016447067260742]
[6.4036545753479]
[2.291846513748169]
[6.170965194702148]
[6.13925313949585]
[7.675815582275391]
[6.982058525085449]
[29.01065444946289]
[0.40347370505332947]
[3.126626968383789]
[300.9928894042969]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.9483418464660645]
[4.638158798217773]
[72.0181884765625]
[3.604978084564209]
[9.552491188049316]
[2.489901542663574]
[4.201785087585449]
[2.670788049697876]
[6.697204113006592]
[1.2473442554473877]
[4.571502208709717]
[0.6203778386116028]
[15.999302864074707]
[0.6152743697166443]
[140.6895294189453]
[5.321483612060547]
[1.6223623752593994]
[0.44624245166778564]
[25.930349349975586]
[13.579096794128418]
[29.15727996826172]
[6.3791584968566895]
[103.4940414428711]
[2.788008213043213]
[38.155433654785156]
[0.6833646893501282]
[2.118795156478882]
[2.1865859031677246]
[1109.71435546875]
[12.98564338684082]
[91.18586730957031]
[25.40227508544922]
[57.780784606933594]
[1.1705939769744873]
[2.246670722961426]
[1.684770107269287]
[29.65691375732422]
[0.731852114200592]
[0.6311809420585632]
[1.3841181993484497]
[6.935040473937988]
[3.213409423828125]
[56.34819793701172]
[28.808218002319336]
[133.18093872070312]
[185.76739501953125]
[1.1541873216629028]
[21.442951202392578]
[4.655120849609375]
[19.14091682434082]
[4.760326862335205]
[17.12035369873047]
[3.277127265930176]
[146.65863037109375]
[4.595069408416748]
[8.279999732971191]
[1.353056788444519]
[1.35024094581604]
[2.4381673336029053]
[4.8786773681640625]
[3.9250669479370117]
[4.8939738273620605]
[4.1944193840026855]
[240.14675903320312]
[200.05616760253906]
[3047.736328125]
[1.3551961183547974]
[105.48688507080078]
[9.801844596862793]
[191.2948760986328]
[0.7699674367904663]
[12.892624855041504]
[3.7231404781341553]
[4.68578577041626]
[3.60347318649292]
[10.671051025390625]
[233.39422607421875]
[39.408119201660156]
[1.5317695140838623]
[1.7392563819885254]
[56.65290069580078]
[1.406862735748291]
[13.930743217468262]
[3.7495241165161133]
[189.24281311035156]
[10.821004867553711]
[3.412874698638916]
[7.215142726898193]
[6.352827072143555]
[17.24534797668457]
[162.54928588867188]
[1.4286203384399414]
[11.435803413391113]
[172.28439331054688]
[0.6824659109115601]
[1160.23779296875]
[2.4781408309936523]
[4.746949195861816]
[2.2967915534973145]
[110.40178680419922]
[5.184846878051758]
[6.397686004638672]
[1.3210924863815308]
[106.26667785644531]
[4.1762003898620605]
[1.469791293144226]
[6.52529239654541]
[16.133716583251953]
[1.4654812812805176]
[5.5562286376953125]
[0.535793125629425]
[2.0548689365386963]
[6.832062244415283]
[17.70713233947754]
[307.52276611328125]
[34.392879486083984]
[54.32404708862305]
[766.0038452148438]
[4.659715175628662]
[12.037237167358398]
[1.9326645135879517]
[19.804401397705078]
[2.1079301834106445]
[6.3913373947143555]
[2.205613613128662]
[4.995983600616455]
[1.2585524320602417]
[33.928131103515625]
[182.94882202148438]
[0.7955870032310486]
[3.3707544803619385]
[22.536239624023438]
[141.0692901611328]
[6.378530502319336]
[6.356926441192627]
[536.2242431640625]
[215.32870483398438]
[1.3311734199523926]
[10.42800521850586]
[420.6148376464844]
[2.6810061931610107]
[84.17636108398438]
[4.263736724853516]
[2.4244213104248047]
[4.106090068817139]
[0.8421179056167603]
[1.3059182167053223]
[5.396478652954102]
[15.45462417602539]
[13.208887100219727]
[0.7693535685539246]
[5.089636325836182]
[1.4259930849075317]
[0.6629354953765869]
[85.44970703125]
[1.425981044769287]
[30.374921798706055]
[18.626319885253906]
[72.31855010986328]
[4.3471760749816895]
[6.002501964569092]
[69.40685272216797]
[6.953010082244873]
[86.63951110839844]
[198.32977294921875]
[7.17196798324585]
[2774.2802734375]
[11.02253532409668]
[1.347720980644226]
[144.92715454101562]
[16.67609977722168]
[0.746013879776001]
[2.330118417739868]
[14.321560859680176]
[7.536695957183838]
[61.534793853759766]
[3.020939350128174]
[32.684757232666016]
[242.3853302001953]
[13.032866477966309]
[25.113176345825195]
[7.8952155113220215]
[0.745211660861969]
[8.564099311828613]
[7.196474552154541]
[5.788294792175293]
[2.9106006622314453]
[643.5623168945312]
[5.7134108543396]
[6.067733287811279]
[3.5542895793914795]
[13.048465728759766]
[6.844117641448975]
[14.384875297546387]
[6.4188127517700195]
[18.977869033813477]
[2.326639175415039]
[975.7734375]
[13.076493263244629]
[517.4611206054688]
[0.40759262442588806]
[5.993480682373047]
[488.7127990722656]
[1.4780738353729248]
[4.897315502166748]
[1.476578712463379]
[0.7419760227203369]
[0.8326267004013062]
[2.1414272785186768]
[7.318373203277588]
[6.274960994720459]
[15.791948318481445]
[848.3311157226562]
[1.9987308979034424]
[12.484318733215332]
[26.108610153198242]
[66.92657470703125]
[0.8660825490951538]
[21.291728973388672]
[36.44611358642578]
[4.588270664215088]
[70.24797821044922]
[2.4878292083740234]
[6.994764804840088]
[12.214252471923828]
[19.66983985900879]
[2.5361487865448]
[0.8407859802246094]
[205.4787139892578]
[16.29308319091797]
[23.963998794555664]
[24.511489868164062]
[83.32530975341797]
[17.481178283691406]
[7.311383247375488]
[193.9612274169922]
[8.374876976013184]
[2.441500186920166]
[29.888843536376953]
[738.5234375]
[4.597946643829346]
[56.59840774536133]
[1.7072253227233887]
[15.044035911560059]
[1.3368219137191772]
[1.3341761827468872]
[119.63041687011719]
[165.70565795898438]
[34.92181396484375]
[1.4512014389038086]
[0.6604183912277222]
[1.3365528583526611]
[1.3746417760849]
[2.047125816345215]
[3.0294699668884277]
[3.0725083351135254]
[2.204241991043091]
[0.7697775959968567]
[20.753196716308594]
[2.1088175773620605]
[3.7855329513549805]
[0.6772584319114685]
[15.277217864990234]
[2.054219961166382]
[5.744801044464111]
[1.6598920822143555]
[3.2716846466064453]
[11.386061668395996]
[1.9349756240844727]
[14.127917289733887]
[1.3193871974945068]
[5.264552116394043]
[4.924854278564453]
[164.23826599121094]
[2.0748839378356934]
[235.73013305664062]
[5.505136489868164]
[4.0221662521362305]
[2.262347459793091]
[6.222413539886475]
[0.9571201205253601]
[23.408824920654297]
[301.92315673828125]
[5.170106887817383]
[2247.573486328125]
[15.656834602355957]
[80.86285400390625]
[11.0438232421875]
[2.1616859436035156]
[4.467142105102539]
[3.209695816040039]
[1.1328470706939697]
[3.273829936981201]
[0.7942070960998535]
[0.816037654876709]
[4.367458820343018]
[32.4093132019043]
[29.838327407836914]
[42.324493408203125]
[3.5055971145629883]
[28.812990188598633]
[35.11219787597656]
[4.362852573394775]
[17.317543029785156]
[212.8170166015625]
[3.5516223907470703]
[6.386978626251221]
[4.417377471923828]
[1.5055583715438843]
[195.5045928955078]
[319.899658203125]
[3.102302312850952]
[7.380577564239502]
[7.718168258666992]
[6.552122592926025]
[14.842205047607422]
[15.069055557250977]
[3.3214972019195557]
[1.6412148475646973]
[2.9033308029174805]
[6.306911468505859]
[0.8640416860580444]
[4.3221821784973145]
[17.80274200439453]
[4.487076282501221]
[12.516789436340332]
[4.280369281768799]
[1.5687761306762695]
[17.34061050415039]
[0.8020420670509338]
[3.6967153549194336]
[28.92849349975586]
[1.711866855621338]
[61.512271881103516]
[22.662965774536133]
[0.7629088759422302]
[20.563356399536133]
[1.3558757305145264]
[3.4446747303009033]
[1.9894301891326904]
[1.772796630859375]
[19.4379825592041]
[4.548596382141113]
[188.12771606445312]
[7.439690589904785]
[52.064517974853516]
[1.4685988426208496]
[1.485701322555542]
[70.11654663085938]
[2.358271837234497]
[3.0434768199920654]
[4423.95458984375]
[64.92889404296875]
[28.79970932006836]
[0.9543089866638184]
[3.192448377609253]
[187.19229125976562]
[0.7854297757148743]
[8.4821138381958]
[8.240543365478516]
[4.653628826141357]
[12.697066307067871]
[1.6902930736541748]
[4.672970771789551]
[15.307733535766602]
[165.69383239746094]
[1.2049493789672852]
[7.598266124725342]
[0.5117839574813843]
[331.6186218261719]
[55.82266616821289]
[1.1878368854522705]
[144.25758361816406]
[57.677223205566406]
[2.3535146713256836]
[1.3821812868118286]
[15.894352912902832]
[14.866349220275879]
[4.721348762512207]
[1.6931649446487427]
[50.32954406738281]
[51.416751861572266]
[77.29145812988281]
[131.41334533691406]
[14.504751205444336]
[1.4424352645874023]
[4.822022914886475]
[121.04951477050781]
[27.349193572998047]
[0.9424371123313904]
[6.8544020652771]
[20.186717987060547]
[316.89129638671875]
[1.3973114490509033]
[18.514726638793945]
[1.431627631187439]
[22.244522094726562]
[58.98100662231445]
[1.0666671991348267]
[1.6784743070602417]
[1118.839111328125]
[130.30264282226562]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[8.31613826751709]
[7.0476975440979]
[109.27249908447266]
[4.593380451202393]
[8.400360107421875]
[4.20778751373291]
[1.9784797430038452]
[4.388955593109131]
[7.6018805503845215]
[3.467073917388916]
[4.581508636474609]
[23.835243225097656]
[1.7741973400115967]
[41.729244232177734]
[23.744243621826172]
[8.075756072998047]
[2.4266343116760254]
[13.542651176452637]
[12.925483703613281]
[6.458917617797852]
[1.4611108303070068]
[904.07177734375]
[2.8725082874298096]
[2.464075803756714]
[2.319889783859253]
[1.0362663269042969]
[1.7400943040847778]
[7.047874927520752]
[3.8695595264434814]
[0.7198750972747803]
[10.139554023742676]
[2.12361216545105]
[930.3085327148438]
[1.7600904703140259]
[4.866765975952148]
[4.9554972648620605]
[5.116029262542725]
[7.635693550109863]
[4.3687744140625]
[2.1268646717071533]
[16.45880889892578]
[6.290514945983887]
[17.419010162353516]
[1.9360873699188232]
[5.1559977531433105]
[6.144573211669922]
[36.78651428222656]
[1.324120283126831]
[2.0600736141204834]
[21.613115310668945]
[5.800693511962891]
[1.4791603088378906]
[7.811521053314209]
[22.683025360107422]
[23.8984317779541]
[1.370619773864746]
[16.597217559814453]
[0.7231389880180359]
[0.6709703803062439]
[19.866180419921875]
[1.732820987701416]
[22.316308975219727]
[1066.5540771484375]
[8.726698875427246]
[4.789523124694824]
[3.533377170562744]
[196.78538513183594]
[30.646909713745117]
[2.2048377990722656]
[0.981403648853302]
[22.147279739379883]
[8.660557746887207]
[15.227975845336914]
[2.2762227058410645]
[16.81293296813965]
[12.707071304321289]
[18.680784225463867]
[1.1318951845169067]
[7.483294486999512]
[5.125056743621826]
[17.48089599609375]
[6.097433090209961]
[12.345327377319336]
[35.62574005126953]
[9.721046447753906]
[1.2751940488815308]
[2.547290563583374]
[59.249454498291016]
[6.997166633605957]
[5.104327201843262]
[1.3608412742614746]
[93.17692565917969]
[7.5914692878723145]
[14.938519477844238]
[788.8408813476562]
[1.4464548826217651]
[711.7228393554688]
[0.11990033835172653]
[65.46834564208984]
[3.0858516693115234]
[1.5898579359054565]
[4.273683547973633]
[3.1595141887664795]
[0.6868848204612732]
[9.294902801513672]
[35.542633056640625]
[1.3658770322799683]
[17.69753646850586]
[1.3862684965133667]
[6.345585346221924]
[72.37079620361328]
[3.659513235092163]
[2.3507378101348877]
[5.797738075256348]
[2.550959587097168]
[3.9237172603607178]
[72.13632202148438]
[6.37910270690918]
[1.3138842582702637]
[268.8170166015625]
[4.247107028961182]
[12.11317253112793]
[1010.381591796875]
[6.977769374847412]
[3.469142436981201]
[18.073305130004883]
[0.3912063539028168]
[60.11933135986328]
[31.546432495117188]
[81.75617980957031]
[12.355320930480957]
[29.6688232421875]
[1.2236963510513306]
[1.6314033269882202]
[557.7892456054688]
[3.9465277194976807]
[7.0279316902160645]
[18.746728897094727]
[15.956677436828613]
[34.265838623046875]
[37.5665397644043]
[0.7756748199462891]
[2.0604071617126465]
[1.2622743844985962]
[1.2382068634033203]
[1.8487842082977295]
[2.480309247970581]
[6.5148138999938965]
[7.455559730529785]
[55.57027816772461]
[5.0240278244018555]
[4.841980934143066]
[2.7200732231140137]
[24.907127380371094]
[187.3418731689453]
[4.02671480178833]
[58.343509674072266]
[117.06425476074219]
[6.941431999206543]
[1.2492799758911133]
[5.210083484649658]
[0.4783186614513397]
[14.745187759399414]
[12.132983207702637]
[1.1884002685546875]
[35.7281608581543]
[4.762806415557861]
[101.33979797363281]
[336.7701416015625]
[7.228140354156494]
[3.9272372722625732]
[2.9139106273651123]
[0.5820703506469727]
[41.56959915161133]
[0.4022044241428375]
[2.1312601566314697]
[967.292724609375]
[3.70011830329895]
[64.73414611816406]
[22.615713119506836]
[2.5290932655334473]
[0.9685156345367432]
[3.6418402194976807]
[34.58970642089844]
[845.0009155273438]
[42.280181884765625]
[9.487378120422363]
[71.02543640136719]
[1.3106045722961426]
[3.7089922428131104]
[8.196196556091309]
[13.819192886352539]
[22.929197311401367]
[4.4835734367370605]
[2.258619785308838]
[89.31170654296875]
[5.7593512535095215]
[2.071342706680298]
[8.000028610229492]
[3.530961275100708]
[512.2689208984375]
[0.07297949492931366]
[4.576543807983398]
[32.04386901855469]
[1.3123905658721924]
[3.188215732574463]
[547.431396484375]
[2.103538751602173]
[6.4601945877075195]
[17.25937271118164]
[4.212932109832764]
[1.066253900527954]
[440.7735595703125]
[5.789674282073975]
[82.9966049194336]
[2.0404250621795654]
[12.801724433898926]
[23.60016441345215]
[67.39286804199219]
[21.717601776123047]
[4.663761138916016]
[2.050527334213257]
[3.6507067680358887]
[0.6611492037773132]
[8.346419334411621]
[2.2330756187438965]
[3249.8662109375]
[301.0505065917969]
[1.242687702178955]
[0.6366608142852783]
[2.567971706390381]
[0.7681371569633484]
[4.088120460510254]
[2.944239616394043]
[3.696967363357544]
[1151.650146484375]
[76.72601318359375]
[19.206867218017578]
[0.9583560228347778]
[0.8039103150367737]
[0.9025946259498596]
[2.1303353309631348]
[22.293203353881836]
[92.83407592773438]
[4.362706184387207]
[0.9854179620742798]
[66.46817779541016]
[3.824035882949829]
[56.04746627807617]
[9.359676361083984]
[0.7695178389549255]
[1159.2576904296875]
[4.731286525726318]
[11.563333511352539]
[125.50715637207031]
[3.1532857418060303]
[3.971689462661743]
[4.221641540527344]
[1.7425298690795898]
[127.72527313232422]
[47.359745025634766]
[0.8022550940513611]
[12.420575141906738]
[4.986683368682861]
[202.92568969726562]
[2.8523786067962646]
[0.8164869546890259]
[252.8843536376953]
[17.279064178466797]
[2.667710065841675]
[47.783447265625]
[2.4257194995880127]
[4.659482955932617]
[2.3607213497161865]
[1.173964500427246]
[1.6062299013137817]
[6.838033676147461]
[4.396422386169434]
[1.258241891860962]
[115.94567108154297]
[1.2525684833526611]
[19.050565719604492]
[43.45645523071289]
[4.735559463500977]
[5.659280300140381]
[6.801021099090576]
[1.2431111335754395]
[425.59527587890625]
[0.39172297716140747]
[1.4484561681747437]
[1.753849983215332]
[1.5005208253860474]
[6.5505452156066895]
[4.127098560333252]
[2.060837745666504]
[843.8917846679688]
[1.1379677057266235]
[3.3860092163085938]
[1.310835361480713]
[1.425537109375]
[19.507701873779297]
[1.749409794807434]
[0.5773844122886658]
[2.819429397583008]
[0.8494017124176025]
[1.556166410446167]
[128.68507385253906]
[176.96444702148438]
[126.78783416748047]
[0.0940902903676033]
[24.43036651611328]
[19.521791458129883]
[0.7134402394294739]
[0.709962010383606]
[3.82401704788208]
[2.076107978820801]
[61.8515510559082]
[2.3531768321990967]
[1.6282066106796265]
[0.9047239422798157]
[978.0574340820312]
[29.618389129638672]
[6.329748630523682]
[3.769374132156372]
[1.7910902500152588]
[12.6521577835083]
[3.063838243484497]
[5.6555609703063965]
[2.1552557945251465]
[145.1185302734375]
[1.094131588935852]
[193.6861572265625]
[7.013307094573975]
[0.8996557593345642]
[56.724369049072266]
[1.2844070196151733]
[4.77914571762085]
[1.2557361125946045]
[24.813940048217773]
[2.0341105461120605]
[1.23744535446167]
[1.4091076850891113]
[1.2820240259170532]
[11.689029693603516]
[0.5797288417816162]
[1.547568678855896]
[1.996168851852417]
[14.784082412719727]
[1.1571441888809204]
[3.9419708251953125]
[3.441061496734619]
[2.0731422901153564]
[62.277523040771484]
[1.1102064847946167]
[47.73249053955078]
[1.2690078020095825]
[12.471972465515137]
[6.2584428787231445]
[107.40962982177734]
[765.189453125]
[36.80720901489258]
[9.982705116271973]
[1.3310149908065796]
[35.87371826171875]
[1.58677339553833]
[1.017441987991333]
[35.3958854675293]
[12.54964828491211]
[2.7354929447174072]
[0.8653891682624817]
[207.31170654296875]
[69.93329620361328]
[184.7292022705078]
[5.917829513549805]
[1.8181582689285278]
[1.351472020149231]
[0.8005598187446594]
[19.01402473449707]
[1.7776808738708496]
[0.7848832607269287]
[1.471876859664917]
[0.9528371691703796]
[0.7028644680976868]
[7.216550350189209]
[88.46753692626953]
[191.67335510253906]
[1.926505446434021]
[87.16008758544922]
[6.729915142059326]
[5.919343948364258]
[1.8781262636184692]
[1.7668687105178833]
[2.1082677841186523]
[1.0565794706344604]
[36.50727462768555]
[0.9931343793869019]
[192.9849395751953]
[21.559833526611328]
[37.08470153808594]
[3.0182061195373535]
[2.815983772277832]
[52.012840270996094]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.853542327880859]
[22.155611038208008]
[1.3976243734359741]
[0.7355573177337646]
[4.600017070770264]
[12.380897521972656]
[0.7207619547843933]
[5.221269607543945]
[6.386678695678711]
[1.7637419700622559]
[1.517473578453064]
[1.7868216037750244]
[10.834500312805176]
[0.6551984548568726]
[21.515666961669922]
[4.141136169433594]
[2.9534528255462646]
[15.209317207336426]
[146.34803771972656]
[60.06003952026367]
[0.7137479186058044]
[1.3731682300567627]
[1.2036199569702148]
[3.4272212982177734]
[2148.2236328125]
[12.231317520141602]
[1.3879908323287964]
[7.855059623718262]
[62.506248474121094]
[3.5303232669830322]
[0.6558411121368408]
[33.6188850402832]
[2.173386335372925]
[0.8713437914848328]
[1.8196061849594116]
[12.415562629699707]
[571.867919921875]
[11.99734115600586]
[4.37259578704834]
[2.10208797454834]
[1.2718722820281982]
[1.138283133506775]
[1.2511701583862305]
[14.601832389831543]
[71.82093811035156]
[2.7952845096588135]
[27.116741180419922]
[22.609272003173828]
[183.22225952148438]
[519.0078125]
[13.041987419128418]
[1.2006171941757202]
[2.0155587196350098]
[169.81654357910156]
[186.49594116210938]
[4.115385055541992]
[266.09600830078125]
[9.695241928100586]
[3.5451979637145996]
[774.002685546875]
[27.105674743652344]
[13.108838081359863]
[0.585712194442749]
[21.379230499267578]
[5.9550347328186035]
[11.640525817871094]
[467.3821105957031]
[0.8006550669670105]
[4.023073196411133]
[1.3974820375442505]
[0.8000197410583496]
[0.7945317625999451]
[2.424126148223877]
[204.01083374023438]
[216.5927734375]
[3.203054904937744]
[3.9987595081329346]
[3.4957218170166016]
[1.0108851194381714]
[3.467543125152588]
[0.8202716112136841]
[1.7871531248092651]
[921.1074829101562]
[0.6888492703437805]
[1.2974579334259033]
[1.740050196647644]
[3.045212984085083]
[5.178931713104248]
[120.46644592285156]
[3.623600721359253]
[6.889011859893799]
[59.30765151977539]
[0.7977990508079529]
[5.619255542755127]
[128.83982849121094]
[2.197026014328003]
[193.43890380859375]
[93.29358673095703]
[23.574241638183594]
[5.001294136047363]
[285.9161376953125]
[3.431628704071045]
[1.6155036687850952]
[5.201204776763916]
[1.3538349866867065]
[0.6467680335044861]
[1.3621069192886353]
[3.747180223464966]
[3.529439687728882]
[13.69957160949707]
[27.850038528442383]
[3.220304012298584]
[6.012991905212402]
[0.811734139919281]
[9.13943099975586]
[1.4071104526519775]
[3.4982247352600098]
[1.1085776090621948]
[6.2153239250183105]
[209.6619110107422]
[7.370206356048584]
[17.282333374023438]
[21.405317306518555]
[0.05436602234840393]
[2.7555651664733887]
[4.60313606262207]
[106.17462921142578]
[20.531461715698242]
[8.41991138458252]
[27.32595443725586]
[2.028806209564209]
[4.793737411499023]
[0.5648521184921265]
[2.6416122913360596]
[12.902154922485352]
[1.951776146888733]
[82.55011749267578]
[847.400146484375]
[12.766451835632324]
[109.4386978149414]
[482.7225646972656]
[1160.160400390625]
[2.6688995361328125]
[1.1981099843978882]
[1.8057533502578735]
[11.592925071716309]
[17.15313148498535]
[2.2106125354766846]
[39.86140441894531]
[9.168780326843262]
[2.6849324703216553]
[193.40113830566406]
[3.944319725036621]
[4.832310199737549]
[34.3893928527832]
[55.499549865722656]
[2.4436256885528564]
[12.359118461608887]
[586.8599853515625]
[2995.015380859375]
[188.95877075195312]
[1.2622098922729492]
[909.9561157226562]
[109.35889434814453]
[114.51597595214844]
[4.128174781799316]
[3.596987724304199]
[18.192626953125]
[3.0705530643463135]
[17.164234161376953]
[12.643765449523926]
[11.086638450622559]
[1.611313819885254]
[102.84439086914062]
[101.75848388671875]
[6.024531841278076]
[13.930778503417969]
[9.911752700805664]
[6.73161506652832]
[5.986303329467773]
[77.9766616821289]
[10.4535551071167]
[1.3447740077972412]
[17.124067306518555]
[35.77939987182617]
[1.938727617263794]
[3.0340118408203125]
[3.332914113998413]
[113.69112396240234]
[26.356273651123047]
[267.0639953613281]
[22.12938690185547]
[9.788715362548828]
[277.6548767089844]
[2.5500404834747314]
[12.633084297180176]
[280.6663513183594]
[10.132153511047363]
[3.5288474559783936]
[40.41432189941406]
[6.081770420074463]
[2.301523447036743]
[21.416616439819336]
[21.05597496032715]
[3.008375644683838]
[9.387635231018066]
[2.7391486167907715]
[4.886852741241455]
[66.50777435302734]
[3.9615933895111084]
[4.631228923797607]
[180.6408233642578]
[1.3084015846252441]
[9.589120864868164]
[0.07562734186649323]
[16.87980079650879]
[290.3997802734375]
[1.5548127889633179]
[6.773021221160889]
[9.841135025024414]
[3.3253955841064453]
[21.026105880737305]
[5.736920356750488]
[1439.0748291015625]
[9.877972602844238]
[4.698419570922852]
[339.10028076171875]
[26.106395721435547]
[210.7870635986328]
[158.92263793945312]
[4.516546726226807]
[7.219703197479248]
[9.171428680419922]
[118.71414184570312]
[16.729122161865234]
[7.0813493728637695]
[23.208375930786133]
[29.41607093811035]
[226.54287719726562]
[5.280986309051514]
[5.289703369140625]
[7.705570220947266]
[333.2373962402344]
[2.1373085975646973]
[12.705113410949707]
[1.725039005279541]
[2.221120834350586]
[2.6182618141174316]
[132.78140258789062]
[1.2500039339065552]
[2.8479421138763428]
[2.394947052001953]
[43.84099197387695]
[4.850556373596191]
[148.4292449951172]
[331.1847229003906]
[223.13470458984375]
[1.8607041835784912]
[1.2593919038772583]
[2.0115346908569336]
[2.309786796569824]
[1.2508126497268677]
[4.60031270980835]
[4.038820266723633]
[1.188805103302002]
[154.7113800048828]
[1.7356246709823608]
[4.174818515777588]
[3.072538137435913]
[0.8014092445373535]
[22.02138900756836]
[17.530698776245117]
[275.0344543457031]
[0.6411318182945251]
[4.058022975921631]
[582.334716796875]
[1.6173917055130005]
[10.582549095153809]
[62.307979583740234]
[35.37332534790039]
[4.046109199523926]
[2.8706040382385254]
[1.6369661092758179]
[120.46455383300781]
[4.813754081726074]
[1082.5345458984375]
[3.2839694023132324]
[1.401091456413269]
[1.8737307786941528]
[59.74388122558594]
[1.672480583190918]
[0.8026084303855896]
[3.081674575805664]
[1.2504891157150269]
[1.7936080694198608]
[70.76618194580078]
[39.70484924316406]
[0.4842571020126343]
[6.746014595031738]
[2.226048469543457]
[2.071096897125244]
[26.420011520385742]
[1.2624262571334839]
[4.523836135864258]
[2.3369698524475098]
[0.7859853506088257]
[1.225889801979065]
[18.351953506469727]
[0.941246509552002]
[3.910207748413086]
[13.572376251220703]
[158.3074188232422]
[4.016862869262695]
[4.378195285797119]
[3.9500434398651123]
[3.7871649265289307]
[18.79589080810547]
[5.374040603637695]
[35.0078239440918]
[70.82231903076172]
[5.963663101196289]
[6.54549503326416]
[8.60627269744873]
[2.5611953735351562]
[1.7819393873214722]
[1.2702741622924805]
[1.555208683013916]
[170.7915802001953]
[16.74921417236328]
[782.3424072265625]
[0.8632386922836304]
[147.89535522460938]
[7.708714008331299]
[56.65874481201172]
[2.0521962642669678]
[95.1952896118164]
[2361.75634765625]
[0.5572593212127686]
[110.23051452636719]
[1.3426988124847412]
[14.398092269897461]
[21.055622100830078]
[4.2924323081970215]
[8.038224220275879]
[21.396467208862305]
[95.28482055664062]
[1251.6129150390625]
[1.291682481765747]
[9.502457618713379]
[17.691604614257812]
[29.87393569946289]
[45.70748519897461]
[59.62946701049805]
[1.9487272500991821]
[1.1174423694610596]
[89.43053436279297]
[2.040804862976074]
[0.5721564888954163]
[331.7488708496094]
[18.420373916625977]
[199.62173461914062]
[11.724437713623047]
[0.7795233130455017]
[6.632579326629639]
[4.995550632476807]
[3.4830620288848877]
[12.974859237670898]
[70.39478302001953]
[7.949116230010986]
[37.874427795410156]
[0.5153769254684448]
[0.8658657073974609]
[5.445044994354248]
[0.9537737369537354]
[315.5973815917969]
[0.9846095442771912]
[1.9137048721313477]
[84.3265609741211]
[1.821591854095459]
[1.4907532930374146]
[11.058624267578125]
[7.8081865310668945]
[29.213571548461914]
[2.3512074947357178]
[10.787221908569336]
[41.169151306152344]
[9.460853576660156]
[0.6866376996040344]
[40.80558776855469]
[5.165252685546875]
[506.20733642578125]
[6.18698787689209]
[278.97821044921875]
[3.5171849727630615]
[27.460853576660156]
[4.194258213043213]
[4.310518741607666]
[2.9534006118774414]
[3.4618988037109375]
[271.0788879394531]
[20.830615997314453]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[99.09609985351562]
[5.489603042602539]
[2.316537618637085]
[4.424062728881836]
[16.06229019165039]
[3.5280938148498535]
[6.116430759429932]
[3.5374176502227783]
[2.0990445613861084]
[10.531877517700195]
[13.538200378417969]
[2.108376979827881]
[4.442805290222168]
[2.7727060317993164]
[1.989599347114563]
[2.197028160095215]
[2.062859535217285]
[16.08429527282715]
[579.6845092773438]
[2.017599105834961]
[0.8579302430152893]
[2.1547958850860596]
[2.2792563438415527]
[2.1435325145721436]
[24.097742080688477]
[10.995186805725098]
[280.0161437988281]
[1.3441016674041748]
[5.637148857116699]
[230.30947875976562]
[1.4595520496368408]
[15.70789909362793]
[17.72783660888672]
[15.261404037475586]
[13.806183815002441]
[1.7095081806182861]
[27.51932144165039]
[6.6881422996521]
[1.7512937784194946]
[0.5643532276153564]
[30.645666122436523]
[153.30735778808594]
[1575.6156005859375]
[30.191980361938477]
[4.342170715332031]
[794.7637329101562]
[161.5385284423828]
[105.07868957519531]
[7.652311325073242]
[184.05502319335938]
[4.742009162902832]
[1034.45068359375]
[2.1116418838500977]
[36.56270980834961]
[0.5633537173271179]
[1.2371175289154053]
[23.068387985229492]
[9.547378540039062]
[1.131338357925415]
[141.40020751953125]
[0.6765245795249939]
[1.8117687702178955]
[185.69573974609375]
[91.94952392578125]
[1.305722713470459]
[1.0768359899520874]
[0.9957171678543091]
[1.2460708618164062]
[15.177424430847168]
[6.151106357574463]
[319.1965026855469]
[5.739861965179443]
[5.669821739196777]
[3.446633815765381]
[1.314245343208313]
[75.9995346069336]
[1402.346435546875]
[0.8311415314674377]
[2.019043207168579]
[1.6932889223098755]
[3.3117284774780273]
[5.55795431137085]
[60.38949203491211]
[0.7715132236480713]
[1.6657887697219849]
[15.248481750488281]
[15.260140419006348]
[0.8999115228652954]
[5.057065963745117]
[2.207954168319702]
[8.239904403686523]
[8.15683650970459]
[129.11280822753906]
[1.2221112251281738]
[196.7245635986328]
[2.8583571910858154]
[4.833311557769775]
[0.9676529765129089]
[40.16954803466797]
[9.758692741394043]
[83.58203125]
[2.0857996940612793]
[19.290428161621094]
[11.75384521484375]
[199.6330108642578]
[5.242673873901367]
[90.27001190185547]
[9.340163230895996]
[4.350067615509033]
[1.4265202283859253]
[2.2752115726470947]
[6.6663665771484375]
[11.713386535644531]
[217.3575439453125]
[30.3911190032959]
[1.1116865873336792]
[192.73660278320312]
[1.7067451477050781]
[1.2596728801727295]
[383.9171447753906]
[95.25393676757812]
[8.973291397094727]
[6.500975131988525]
[209.3710479736328]
[2.254092216491699]
[2.567845344543457]
[155.1211700439453]
[3.228482723236084]
[97.92180633544922]
[10.708775520324707]
[4.154546737670898]
[8.049694061279297]
[34.40837097167969]
[59.49739074707031]
[8.831605911254883]
[1151.38330078125]
[1.8636565208435059]
[2.3230550289154053]
[1.0449808835983276]
[4.303045749664307]
[14.032462120056152]
[3.258755683898926]
[1.3443042039871216]
[70.1580581665039]
[210.6713409423828]
[2.5090222358703613]
[2.2439730167388916]
[74.2887954711914]
[20.843008041381836]
[1.56138014793396]
[120.3077621459961]
[0.8467292785644531]
[279.9668884277344]
[1.0774028301239014]
[1.2831416130065918]
[1.340552568435669]
[456.7307434082031]
[1.587162733078003]
[0.8426434397697449]
[3.0395147800445557]
[1.910637378692627]
[77.1279525756836]
[4.414130687713623]
[4.9850544929504395]
[3.7056565284729004]
[624.9913940429688]
[1.12559175491333]
[2.386404514312744]
[43.31330871582031]
[3.969334125518799]
[6.6903581619262695]
[4.664724349975586]
[31.2044620513916]
[4.880003452301025]
[15.023621559143066]
[71.20855712890625]
[1.7445154190063477]
[1.2814533710479736]
[2.8489108085632324]
[6.463926315307617]
[1.1144006252288818]
[1.7904521226882935]
[29.745737075805664]
[5.744594573974609]
[2.5553297996520996]
[2.297654151916504]
[5.220499038696289]
[19.22203254699707]
[114.51603698730469]
[69.46015930175781]
[74.9892807006836]
[1.2498990297317505]
[6.193380355834961]
[79.4368896484375]
[2.2259702682495117]
[243.0247039794922]
[0.37088024616241455]
[1.408681035041809]
[9.834322929382324]
[4.2345404624938965]
[1.197676420211792]
[1.5540623664855957]
[1.2179123163223267]
[8.247720718383789]
[1.421708583831787]
[2.0858819484710693]
[6.273617744445801]
[1.8910523653030396]
[5.236088275909424]
[4.154909133911133]
[4.421459197998047]
[1.037149429321289]
[1054.3575439453125]
[23.270191192626953]
[115.54940795898438]
[80.64855194091797]
[2.7732794284820557]
[49.755855560302734]
[6.553640842437744]
[71.87701416015625]
[1.1696072816848755]
[0.6027188301086426]
[12.868422508239746]
[8.641091346740723]
[2.9931392669677734]
[0.7262542843818665]
[862.3699951171875]
[4.025397300720215]
[13.969132423400879]
[16.660118103027344]
[17.6274356842041]
[1.0395750999450684]
[0.8162468671798706]
[0.6844990253448486]
[10.954533576965332]
[3.1424312591552734]
[110.53578186035156]
[875.8805541992188]
[0.9623842835426331]
[1.4490249156951904]
[61.11101150512695]
[81.73857116699219]
[0.08669790625572205]
[28.119586944580078]
[18.35396957397461]
[1.0230234861373901]
[704.0479125976562]
[1.0335521697998047]
[1.7775015830993652]
[1.0843580961227417]
[2.834975242614746]
[3.4584577083587646]
[3.5738027095794678]
[3.4525840282440186]
[0.5957433581352234]
[643.9421997070312]
[6.071503162384033]
[0.7700146436691284]
[3.2815909385681152]
[22.031749725341797]
[84.60961151123047]
[5.171112537384033]
[2.9985384941101074]
[2.132007360458374]
[160.4841766357422]
[20.584091186523438]
[16.375564575195312]
[8.029748916625977]
[6.979600429534912]
[2.930356740951538]
[2.5559396743774414]
[0.4659181833267212]
[0.6841928958892822]
[3.3422582149505615]
[180.0457000732422]
[145.13046264648438]
[9.041533470153809]
[5.832988262176514]
[10.617149353027344]
[3.6701231002807617]
[557.5352172851562]
[7.011545181274414]
[2.1857869625091553]
[249.5565185546875]
[28.59219741821289]
[4.659677028656006]
[3.546034574508667]
[5.499224662780762]
[0.8039325475692749]
[230.53677368164062]
[173.1961669921875]
[3.2297654151916504]
[2069.578369140625]
[8584.0927734375]
[2.5349531173706055]
[75.31243133544922]
[1.610621690750122]
[65.62998962402344]
[2.0807039737701416]
[4.98733377456665]
[1.7868846654891968]
[9.813385963439941]
[10.946416854858398]
[8.800714492797852]
[14.069754600524902]
[6.078532695770264]
[1.574845790863037]
[22.34283447265625]
[571.5197143554688]
[37.429508209228516]
[3.509849786758423]
[6.7783203125]
[1.4162715673446655]
[1.3841965198516846]
[17.034664154052734]
[5.089287757873535]
[1.635482907295227]
[15.9415864944458]
[14.15070915222168]
[0.670295774936676]
[8.603666305541992]
[4.573662757873535]
[19.530506134033203]
[171.7637176513672]
[2.5409133434295654]
[18.139991760253906]
[232.49099731445312]
[8.256658554077148]
[229.39593505859375]
[57.053794860839844]
[103.490966796875]
[2.2120718955993652]
[7.7284955978393555]
[1.4057353734970093]
[2.2236154079437256]
[34.6282844543457]
[19.31305503845215]
[7.259958267211914]
[5.804281234741211]
[3.2133026123046875]
[72.94100952148438]
[5.165736675262451]
[0.9213802814483643]
[85.93231201171875]
[1.4575543403625488]
[5.628086090087891]
[5.869607448577881]
[71.51292419433594]
[4.231834888458252]
[2.404036045074463]
[0.7016184329986572]
[7.30654764175415]
[2.385801076889038]
[1.054121971130371]
[8.529962539672852]
[468.45172119140625]
[4.8031840324401855]
[6.216392993927002]
[86.82588195800781]
[147.55091857910156]
[3.372178316116333]
[133.09359741210938]
[2.5497708320617676]
[12.184284210205078]
[1012.4041137695312]
[2.9740331172943115]
[2.2015979290008545]
[2.3961610794067383]
[9.590619087219238]
[4.130209445953369]
[34.748294830322266]
[40.441429138183594]
[2.271322727203369]
[17.025962829589844]
[7.553735733032227]
[25.308387756347656]
[3.203263759613037]
[7.863672256469727]
[62.35112762451172]
[15.405756950378418]
[5.697873592376709]
[10.95580768585205]
[391.4945373535156]
[6.867766857147217]
[39.724578857421875]
[2.152848243713379]
[20.193342208862305]
[9.726125717163086]
[509.83087158203125]
[1.1658477783203125]
[17.531391143798828]
[5.517691612243652]
[45.429832458496094]
[3.909820556640625]
[11.133879661560059]
[33.27602005004883]
[192.7477569580078]
[4.674854755401611]
[126.02584838867188]
[9.390432357788086]
[19.122825622558594]
[2.0395936965942383]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[7.5434088706970215]
[305.6557312011719]
[242.8148956298828]
[1.0480601787567139]
[2.0392110347747803]
[20.345569610595703]
[5.220769882202148]
[814.2560424804688]
[11.50288200378418]
[1.131981372833252]
[1185.8101806640625]
[42.921173095703125]
[1.1816364526748657]
[5.1701507568359375]
[13.802406311035156]
[871.3236083984375]
[54.847625732421875]
[29.753582000732422]
[32.761634826660156]
[16.20685577392578]
[1.5754586458206177]
[6.885477066040039]
[350.0677795410156]
[7.0217108726501465]
[16.472688674926758]
[106.945556640625]
[2993.251953125]
[55.06587219238281]
[2.6649222373962402]
[0.13300085067749023]
[9.255143165588379]
[4.479440689086914]
[14.196599960327148]
[76.18164825439453]
[101.69161987304688]
[9.119787216186523]
[9.908931732177734]
[3.3105084896087646]
[52.171573638916016]
[15.252524375915527]
[2.017563819885254]
[782.056396484375]
[2.0519025325775146]
[8.689035415649414]
[734.430419921875]
[1.8675415515899658]
[58.014976501464844]
[52.918033599853516]
[5.7118330001831055]
[4.597408294677734]
[3.449218988418579]
[1.8828822374343872]
[8.864213943481445]
[19.692346572875977]
[711.5088500976562]
[3.2573904991149902]
[1.6121606826782227]
[3.78485107421875]
[9.934883117675781]
[21.326868057250977]
[1.5777583122253418]
[32.600406646728516]
[756.5399780273438]
[80.93437957763672]
[29.380443572998047]
[5.443342685699463]
[1.817074179649353]
[1.5419642925262451]
[6.290055751800537]
[4.266042709350586]
[13.588183403015137]
[14.094354629516602]
[5.032073497772217]
[2.029470920562744]
[206.3726348876953]
[15.915085792541504]
[46.607303619384766]
[4.409854888916016]
[1.766963005065918]
[18.98821258544922]
[4.132166862487793]
[136.916015625]
[5.183079719543457]
[26.275558471679688]
[3.5513248443603516]
[11.971705436706543]
[3.9985318183898926]
[669.2445068359375]
[38.54350662231445]
[0.9102521538734436]
[3.2554705142974854]
[15.825135231018066]
[267.3787841796875]
[19.17347526550293]
[60.94380187988281]
[1.3980522155761719]
[865.6478271484375]
[7.512115478515625]
[937.5977172851562]
[2.3276472091674805]
[155.1390380859375]
[357.1156311035156]
[16.226165771484375]
[2.0510377883911133]
[1.0942070484161377]
[0.9306498169898987]
[5.691863536834717]
[3.307283878326416]
[48.28644561767578]
[1.6597726345062256]
[18.14776611328125]
[3.6714041233062744]
[918.4961547851562]
[11.870451927185059]
[14.441001892089844]
[24.73101043701172]
[10.800166130065918]
[1.7978438138961792]
[9.696601867675781]
[13.257659912109375]
[17.62615203857422]
[4.8824567794799805]
[29.135351181030273]
[15.560311317443848]
[1.1922376155853271]
[3.036923885345459]
[199.7589111328125]
[24.5645694732666]
[44.7275505065918]
[83.0356674194336]
[108.18311309814453]
[2.857083797454834]
[121.72596740722656]
[27.462114334106445]
[2.2805302143096924]
[15.807729721069336]
[23.412248611450195]
[5.9721999168396]
[7.698146820068359]
[36.594364166259766]
[1.443324327468872]
[276.7051696777344]
[4.460011005401611]
[13.141661643981934]
[881.5035400390625]
[2.014557123184204]
[7.789154529571533]
[4.904748916625977]
[15.722075462341309]
[18.638172149658203]
[8.8063383102417]
[39.839988708496094]
[243.56312561035156]
[22.919384002685547]
[4.542376518249512]
[16.615127563476562]
[3.213181734085083]
[11.79952621459961]
[2.617776393890381]
[7.2598981857299805]
[6.285271167755127]
[1.8576856851577759]
[78.04322814941406]
[13.30990982055664]
[43.95392990112305]
[6.58406925201416]
[4.2201151847839355]
[28.00922203063965]
[1.5085437297821045]
[60.217891693115234]
[2.034984827041626]
[844.862548828125]
[86.35479736328125]
[23.430410385131836]
[10.919522285461426]
[0.9323886632919312]
[18.720401763916016]
[4.013949394226074]
[122.77182006835938]
[4.370444297790527]
[12.702812194824219]
[74.13995361328125]
[2.0313103199005127]
[1.158044457435608]
[4.2089080810546875]
[14.73985481262207]
[32.99388122558594]
[1.1058669090270996]
[14.683174133300781]
[0.7685137987136841]
[20.351350784301758]
[17.532569885253906]
[1.9661537408828735]
[180.2818145751953]
[36.40054702758789]
[20.47400665283203]
[15.380725860595703]
[1.9229633808135986]
[5.304574012756348]
[1.1825531721115112]
[8.767807960510254]
[4.143705368041992]
[4.793970584869385]
[1.6665860414505005]
[58.170738220214844]
[13.959473609924316]
[27.313447952270508]
[3.0394623279571533]
[1.5705256462097168]
[8.695659637451172]
[1.8150639533996582]
[14.485360145568848]
[336.4946594238281]
[5.452682971954346]
[0.8914491534233093]
[66.96587371826172]
[1.4862397909164429]
[769.111328125]
[0.8932993412017822]
[3.5577402114868164]
[10.811483383178711]
[8.274794578552246]
[795.209716796875]
[7.827253818511963]
[52.79957962036133]
[7.683835983276367]
[319.4535217285156]
[1.3604307174682617]
[1.9079006910324097]
[20.64922332763672]
[26.805368423461914]
[2.788872003555298]
[5.012904167175293]
[53.9479866027832]
[533.2857666015625]
[17.94579315185547]
[382.7274169921875]
[8.258894920349121]
[3.4339890480041504]
[3.7331278324127197]
[37.35728073120117]
[6.529036998748779]
[0.9028694033622742]
[2.194054365158081]
[1.5035183429718018]
[149.8909912109375]
[143.53732299804688]
[40.00578308105469]
[231.1612091064453]
[1.7511394023895264]
[5.824707508087158]
[1.2148609161376953]
[30.973400115966797]
[7.469598770141602]
[2.7663540840148926]
[4.709085941314697]
[4.2841997146606445]
[3.235567092895508]
[7.976444721221924]
[2.949206590652466]
[33.08713912963867]
[4.539076805114746]
[65.99614715576172]
[274.4456787109375]
[128.35775756835938]
[6.324681282043457]
[0.6469426155090332]
[218.9043426513672]
[1.7588491439819336]
[25.148042678833008]
[9.739566802978516]
[16.06184196472168]
[59.15316390991211]
[4.512996673583984]
[7.135622978210449]
[261.0630798339844]
[544.8575439453125]
[42.66046905517578]
[24.67105484008789]
[1.5341405868530273]
[157.73895263671875]
[1.5404788255691528]
[2938.207763671875]
[18.866893768310547]
[9.581067085266113]
[1.64678156375885]
[0.4848656952381134]
[3.319892644882202]
[5.753498554229736]
[16.77351951599121]
[26.827150344848633]
[6.404819488525391]
[7.4775519371032715]
[19.089824676513672]
[16.2254695892334]
[4.486309051513672]
[1.9037503004074097]
[14.005685806274414]
[4.7215728759765625]
[25.465932846069336]
[4.716873645782471]
[3.654118061065674]
[21.974960327148438]
[100.64541625976562]
[461.6854553222656]
[33.8453483581543]
[4.4788289070129395]
[1.7281363010406494]
[11.165966987609863]
[18.62716293334961]
[1063.496337890625]
[1.820072889328003]
[1.8668920993804932]
[24.696115493774414]
[738.7830200195312]
[9.106663703918457]
[3.0545220375061035]
[18.468509674072266]
[16.14668083190918]
[35.12132263183594]
[35.248817443847656]
[338.0926208496094]
[13.357831001281738]
[1.9778817892074585]
[154.10643005371094]
[2.4900283813476562]
[3.9692952632904053]
[21.041183471679688]
[562.781005859375]
[64.06493377685547]
[0.8898903131484985]
[3.1708223819732666]
[9.790185928344727]
[1.261143445968628]
[6.04573917388916]
[437.01104736328125]
[5.130516529083252]
[0.8204193115234375]
[406.9857177734375]
[4.234738349914551]
[1.6649105548858643]
[1.3843117952346802]
[11.301896095275879]
[5.3052215576171875]
[1.9683223962783813]
[2.236640691757202]
[541.6019287109375]
[75.98473358154297]
[1.5436211824417114]
[199.4265594482422]
[345.08526611328125]
[134.80352783203125]
[5.048945426940918]
[5.3470377922058105]
[14.077065467834473]
[1.998167872428894]
[17.05826187133789]
[5.626817226409912]
[349.806640625]
[2363.10888671875]
[18.859485626220703]
[14.148163795471191]
[2.345019578933716]
[28.783418655395508]
[8.328729629516602]
[1.2582553625106812]
[28.59088706970215]
[2.158348560333252]
[2.2636759281158447]
[63.81928634643555]
[77.07384490966797]
[88.44541931152344]
[0.9894404411315918]
[61.6578254699707]
[25.673778533935547]
[16.526132583618164]
[16.80409812927246]
[2.2142815589904785]
[146.0998077392578]
[16.307273864746094]
[8.56080436706543]
[110.26620483398438]
[2.6418488025665283]
[9.057458877563477]
[85.98280334472656]
[2.4024031162261963]
[209.60157775878906]
[29.12795639038086]
[45.064029693603516]
[222.39500427246094]
[11.348793983459473]
[22.224985122680664]
[0.3686956465244293]
[14.479212760925293]
[14.848298072814941]
[1.3251968622207642]
[21.873920440673828]
[5.806902885437012]
[8.387216567993164]
[17.604347229003906]
[3.757861852645874]
[1.1716837882995605]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[28.722414016723633]
[29.869529724121094]
[32.811588287353516]
[27.398550033569336]
[16.072376251220703]
[649.6854858398438]
[58.07990646362305]
[53.853694915771484]
[0.8435101509094238]
[52.54801940917969]
[26.849475860595703]
[15.727566719055176]
[8.623416900634766]
[4.779262065887451]
[1.4475027322769165]
[936.7998657226562]
[20.86595916748047]
[46.469303131103516]
[869.2224731445312]
[4.285229682922363]
[342.93707275390625]
[19.65345573425293]
[246.18150329589844]
[10.64875602722168]
[3.4828596115112305]
[69.73356628417969]
[0.8221468925476074]
[0.8849198222160339]
[5.3140153884887695]
[3.742830276489258]
[8.351848602294922]
[14.848588943481445]
[81.07621765136719]
[0.46261414885520935]
[2.083789587020874]
[6.212146759033203]
[3.808929204940796]
[0.12933790683746338]
[60.1817741394043]
[0.7084288001060486]
[8.689610481262207]
[81.97108459472656]
[0.7807777523994446]
[1.0757979154586792]
[19.552629470825195]
[20.675954818725586]
[2.781498670578003]
[0.6710616946220398]
[188.9102325439453]
[1.3249027729034424]
[13.735569953918457]
[583.2326049804688]
[0.8893792033195496]
[17.159751892089844]
[10.931262969970703]
[1.0346500873565674]
[4.437671661376953]
[26.763696670532227]
[6.780162334442139]
[0.9225609302520752]
[1.0171856880187988]
[7.462289810180664]
[3.374152183532715]
[0.38488999009132385]
[2.084423065185547]
[7.556372165679932]
[11.51169204711914]
[14.664054870605469]
[64.82789611816406]
[7.4772515296936035]
[3.7390553951263428]
[1.6929893493652344]
[3780.072265625]
[33.340110778808594]
[383.7109069824219]
[270.1956787109375]
[249.79367065429688]
[9.202576637268066]
[42.5031623840332]
[4.532342433929443]
[51.61465835571289]
[64.33332061767578]
[22.944002151489258]
[20.856534957885742]
[50.16416549682617]
[46.344154357910156]
[5.541116237640381]
[5.217494964599609]
[50.28871154785156]
[22.443880081176758]
[84.07251739501953]
[4.323545932769775]
[48.44997024536133]
[30.31653594970703]
[8.027837753295898]
[287.7088928222656]
[14.048149108886719]
[75.40460205078125]
[373.955322265625]
[39.481536865234375]
[1.5723910331726074]
[0.18097791075706482]
[1104.817626953125]
[4.440411567687988]
[1.6053400039672852]
[27.297958374023438]
[1.4093849658966064]
[5.100522041320801]
[0.9290792346000671]
[235.77407836914062]
[2.4635658264160156]
[10.883317947387695]
[8.342370986938477]
[0.9264221787452698]
[1.7902377843856812]
[2.308180570602417]
[3.5993294715881348]
[41.902793884277344]
[19.382596969604492]
[4.933382987976074]
[12.411942481994629]
[6.497475624084473]
[47.38565444946289]
[6.268617630004883]
[1.363560676574707]
[12.698927879333496]
[6.101458549499512]
[1.509291172027588]
[10.246426582336426]
[24.437986373901367]
[1.5297813415527344]
[9.761106491088867]
[4.021183013916016]
[4.822141647338867]
[17.450279235839844]
[3.3885281085968018]
[5.153837203979492]
[2.5553760528564453]
[0.7828397154808044]
[6.862078666687012]
[874.2290649414062]
[4.9671478271484375]
[11.868847846984863]
[5.6676177978515625]
[4.161491394042969]
[0.8609644174575806]
[312.5434265136719]
[4.243852138519287]
[16.999998092651367]
[5.085301399230957]
[0.6835196614265442]
[32.007591247558594]
[7.4294047355651855]
[646.7129516601562]
[2.6245005130767822]
[82.64012908935547]
[7.30295467376709]
[4.092745780944824]
[4.501676082611084]
[6.733944892883301]
[17.973506927490234]
[1.207546353340149]
[6.341467380523682]
[1.4049557447433472]
[22.426252365112305]
[0.8701064586639404]
[69.17310333251953]
[21.974781036376953]
[2.8227453231811523]
[303.0821838378906]
[4.720365047454834]
[3.1254096031188965]
[34.07584762573242]
[28.10338592529297]
[176.12222290039062]
[4.103893756866455]
[7.446487903594971]
[9.926163673400879]
[3.0334033966064453]
[8.07862377166748]
[2.1851305961608887]
[3.4198925495147705]
[8.7224702835083]
[79.1156234741211]
[4.06458854675293]
[3.6401779651641846]
[4.3777642250061035]
[6.915620803833008]
[0.6851040124893188]
[37702.76171875]
[25.633255004882812]
[3.195138454437256]
[20.199533462524414]
[15.950739860534668]
[8.460987091064453]
[74.58008575439453]
[37.682655334472656]
[8.71023178100586]
[2.3873190879821777]
[6.517975330352783]
[31.98894691467285]
[13.06186294555664]
[5.707973003387451]
[107.95155334472656]
[68.7721939086914]
[204.17137145996094]
[25.210363388061523]
[3.2487456798553467]
[79.25468444824219]
[120.80717468261719]
[67.68927001953125]
[33.575401306152344]
[124.67727661132812]
[46.87776184082031]
[1.3225343227386475]
[12.970880508422852]
[3110.42333984375]
[104.2898941040039]
[1.3147213459014893]
[116.4917221069336]
[304.0223388671875]
[0.5528201460838318]
[14.06054973602295]
[27.864694595336914]
[2.743964433670044]
[9.338598251342773]
[59.441612243652344]
[2.6361114978790283]
[592.0908813476562]
[15.398289680480957]
[6.224996566772461]
[30.102235794067383]
[23.847576141357422]
[1295.036376953125]
[6.680767059326172]
[9.381975173950195]
[11.705782890319824]
[8.792832374572754]
[2.3365137577056885]
[106.31062316894531]
[22.987442016601562]
[57.675758361816406]
[22.673904418945312]
[100.49584197998047]
[10.85749626159668]
[99.92183685302734]
[617.8529052734375]
[117.34105682373047]
[118.27162170410156]
[10.807971000671387]
[84.83049011230469]
[8.668744087219238]
[188.28988647460938]
[3.6001787185668945]
[190.4881591796875]
[10.295881271362305]
[2.424668788909912]
[440.6647644042969]
[21.826509475708008]
[2.4414873123168945]
[9.330257415771484]
[9.444680213928223]
[44.61915588378906]
[9.233081817626953]
[21.91119384765625]
[7.838191509246826]
[2.853379249572754]
[141.43356323242188]
[5.004321098327637]
[7.1394429206848145]
[22.942237854003906]
[64.74443054199219]
[10.885954856872559]
[6.731059551239014]
[9.414831161499023]
[2.140434503555298]
[1456.4742431640625]
[24.9256534576416]
[5.2007622718811035]
[710.8033447265625]
[8.180662155151367]
[30.53011703491211]
[12.841501235961914]
[12.356407165527344]
[7.885277271270752]
[28.94927978515625]
[25.217599868774414]
[19.505718231201172]
[49.833465576171875]
[10.281843185424805]
[49.46416473388672]
[71.99320220947266]
[76.73805236816406]
[139.27259826660156]
[66.49697875976562]
[21.037841796875]
[9.420195579528809]
[168.5856475830078]
[2.058539628982544]
[8.371255874633789]
[0.968685507774353]
[0.9084082245826721]
[0.8890936374664307]
[1.5906550884246826]
[0.8808921575546265]
[8.626649856567383]
[0.9245811700820923]
[72.73851013183594]
[1.5491446256637573]
[42.322017669677734]
[4.660061359405518]
[1.5460435152053833]
[5.821591854095459]
[154.02032470703125]
[125.73719024658203]
[1.5663714408874512]
[74.11264038085938]
[48.09610366821289]
[5.910085678100586]
[81.54185485839844]
[0.23928844928741455]
[8.13927936553955]
[1.9685989618301392]
[11.102555274963379]
[184.3321533203125]
[68.14669799804688]
[51.28786087036133]
[1.5588375329971313]
[37.226844787597656]
[1767.572998046875]
[5.0052008628845215]
[9.299613952636719]
[285.1064147949219]
[0.8242730498313904]
[9.184639930725098]
[3.2378482818603516]
[85.59619140625]
[3.512417793273926]
[1.5696977376937866]
[1.0891369581222534]
[14.990694999694824]
[6.945528507232666]
[23.259319305419922]
[16.338085174560547]
[30.082006454467773]
[302.2320556640625]
[4.213333606719971]
[0.931175172328949]
[1.518911600112915]
[19.1309757232666]
[1.4137455224990845]
[0.8817770481109619]
[335.1617431640625]
[49.921932220458984]
[15.249520301818848]
[72.24665832519531]
[11.211928367614746]
[180.8086395263672]
[99.53413391113281]
[37.97410202026367]
[9.957152366638184]
[8.97457504272461]
[5.469179153442383]
[33.65774917602539]
[6.502676963806152]
[0.5356076955795288]
[2292.783447265625]
[16.455522537231445]
[34.79225158691406]
[916.0906372070312]
[52.466827392578125]
[4.232333183288574]
[18.46533966064453]
[5.449397087097168]
[4.375148773193359]
[277.7524719238281]
[58.32270050048828]
[50.824554443359375]
[3.935025930404663]
[291.07305908203125]
[27.575088500976562]
[7.806567192077637]
[13.839227676391602]
[37.18708801269531]
[2006.109375]
[0.9908519983291626]
[373.431396484375]
[3.1478240489959717]
[3.248490333557129]
[44.94413757324219]
[78.64701843261719]
[6.121060371398926]
[10.702733039855957]
[111.79788208007812]
[17.633832931518555]
[1.844390869140625]
[294.2061767578125]
[7.644238471984863]
[1412.32373046875]
[1.737946629524231]
[4.513808727264404]
[808.4436645507812]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[14.053877830505371]
[8.898688316345215]
[19.7479305267334]
[1.6756588220596313]
[7.2805352210998535]
[4.692424774169922]
[81.80116271972656]
[0.8208286166191101]
[6.111817836761475]
[1.2522754669189453]
[13.067312240600586]
[0.16215884685516357]
[1.9771008491516113]
[6.993090629577637]
[3.363175630569458]
[40.15474319458008]
[3.277968645095825]
[1.5965527296066284]
[36.7564582824707]
[26.936254501342773]
[44.472198486328125]
[1.021613597869873]
[248.7632293701172]
[20.489307403564453]
[1356.727783203125]
[4.801759243011475]
[3.3673360347747803]
[141.1638946533203]
[11.363948822021484]
[174.6732635498047]
[4.609080791473389]
[4.181195259094238]
[31.22146987915039]
[4.27439546585083]
[34.12370300292969]
[23.43056869506836]
[18.667930603027344]
[1.3721961975097656]
[6.650148868560791]
[6.271820545196533]
[273.6608581542969]
[53.90788269042969]
[2.5708107948303223]
[1.533060908317566]
[48.49470138549805]
[11.162793159484863]
[1.872962236404419]
[0.9089480638504028]
[5.9554619789123535]
[4.1690673828125]
[1.3095539808273315]
[6.8828043937683105]
[4.840794563293457]
[3.0075063705444336]
[3.0707383155822754]
[44.498451232910156]
[1.3911930322647095]
[104.4037857055664]
[165.97439575195312]
[213.83302307128906]
[9.46948528289795]
[0.37620458006858826]
[1.445315957069397]
[117.75808715820312]
[4.219228267669678]
[12.788309097290039]
[170.00543212890625]
[5.369691848754883]
[7.059186935424805]
[4.338614463806152]
[37.572845458984375]
[14.768858909606934]
[5.810165882110596]
[59.00129699707031]
[9.792261123657227]
[22.720470428466797]
[1.6369267702102661]
[0.7250776886940002]
[6.452763080596924]
[6.793327808380127]
[2.182509660720825]
[278.1274719238281]
[1.3440457582473755]
[1.3765696287155151]
[7.0033040046691895]
[12.0694580078125]
[12.505810737609863]
[0.7468076944351196]
[4.189646244049072]
[15.20350456237793]
[1.4389499425888062]
[44.82118225097656]
[39.090675354003906]
[258.4229431152344]
[13.343578338623047]
[15.134657859802246]
[74.50226593017578]
[72.89586639404297]
[182.5655517578125]
[6.590570449829102]
[4.149875640869141]
[0.6502721905708313]
[85.43049621582031]
[4.714372634887695]
[3.1660280227661133]
[4.472005844116211]
[4.843364715576172]
[1.283851981163025]
[16.846694946289062]
[4.790306091308594]
[0.5859983563423157]
[2.6091055870056152]
[7.614168167114258]
[5.629938125610352]
[1.8243889808654785]
[25.214975357055664]
[46.0352668762207]
[1.7086714506149292]
[1.2798962593078613]
[19.834863662719727]
[3.209437847137451]
[52.85575866699219]
[98.14389038085938]
[0.7944425344467163]
[1.2307617664337158]
[5.89208984375]
[64.43388366699219]
[8.419872283935547]
[2.3833298683166504]
[45.536258697509766]
[99.22510528564453]
[3915.5234375]
[2.4100100994110107]
[2.4613146781921387]
[1.2892844676971436]
[5.010878086090088]
[7.370138645172119]
[13.99581527709961]
[48.1231689453125]
[14.659101486206055]
[89.01910400390625]
[7.811971664428711]
[1.4669654369354248]
[80.26607513427734]
[589.6845092773438]
[2.697319984436035]
[6.298336982727051]
[2.247238874435425]
[2.734788179397583]
[12.336564064025879]
[26.773475646972656]
[2.5885143280029297]
[17.462081909179688]
[0.7599095106124878]
[4.082249641418457]
[0.7883158326148987]
[5.832231521606445]
[7.205059051513672]
[6.96124267578125]
[4.825516700744629]
[7.769007682800293]
[105.30635070800781]
[4.105006217956543]
[1.8206536769866943]
[1.8859449625015259]
[2.038024663925171]
[5.894080638885498]
[3.550474166870117]
[116.94152069091797]
[1.140740156173706]
[42.755462646484375]
[1.1670937538146973]
[1058.185791015625]
[169.8560791015625]
[2.7228634357452393]
[252.7152557373047]
[12.642867088317871]
[50.48515319824219]
[2.2325022220611572]
[10.869503021240234]
[1540.626220703125]
[3.478386163711548]
[14.173833847045898]
[1.7698969841003418]
[159.14015197753906]
[1.3409316539764404]
[1.1974290609359741]
[106.78362274169922]
[5.170185565948486]
[0.6187717318534851]
[2.3584794998168945]
[975.0264282226562]
[5.231703281402588]
[4.588835716247559]
[32.16192626953125]
[7.62589168548584]
[253.9111785888672]
[572.8532104492188]
[102.38011932373047]
[20.186777114868164]
[4.116985321044922]
[2.1283864974975586]
[10.765844345092773]
[1.7545584440231323]
[1.4335336685180664]
[35.67924499511719]
[14.404494285583496]
[29.60565757751465]
[26.871753692626953]
[0.613449215888977]
[1.6749029159545898]
[21.481800079345703]
[18.398738861083984]
[266.8724060058594]
[2.556103467941284]
[21.829479217529297]
[4.870453357696533]
[1.2798845767974854]
[2.914527177810669]
[1.1099698543548584]
[154.87060546875]
[2.4549031257629395]
[13.757845878601074]
[31.818710327148438]
[1.3317887783050537]
[1.9197540283203125]
[15.636130332946777]
[5.60955810546875]
[86.26746368408203]
[3.7272610664367676]
[1.5256245136260986]
[1.1260018348693848]
[40.329078674316406]
[18.348434448242188]
[19.997400283813477]
[11.147845268249512]
[289.676513671875]
[0.9800730347633362]
[1.069324254989624]
[3.870513677597046]
[30.757484436035156]
[0.6592368483543396]
[5.562316417694092]
[2.3511312007904053]
[3.10151743888855]
[0.9646549224853516]
[5.496115684509277]
[8.07569694519043]
[30.75011444091797]
[27.589155197143555]
[1.6447833776474]
[147.6437530517578]
[1.055136799812317]
[55.0937614440918]
[16.399574279785156]
[106.80230712890625]
[3.7618300914764404]
[1.3614736795425415]
[2.709494113922119]
[24.531843185424805]
[1.7844414710998535]
[6.982382297515869]
[17.607318878173828]
[0.653861403465271]
[3.814093589782715]
[27.22258758544922]
[5.023860454559326]
[18.262245178222656]
[0.7479923963546753]
[0.6800463199615479]
[4.493902683258057]
[18.873693466186523]
[21.563322067260742]
[12.879433631896973]
[1.942560076713562]
[2.673525094985962]
[18.519737243652344]
[17.00150489807129]
[16.74091148376465]
[13.165899276733398]
[1.7316747903823853]
[2.4432613849639893]
[137.8398895263672]
[357.2984619140625]
[2.8025248050689697]
[46.86946105957031]
[1.0950133800506592]
[57.93363952636719]
[1.4293038845062256]
[0.777606725692749]
[13.529666900634766]
[11.407268524169922]
[0.764576256275177]
[1.5959454774856567]
[22.575401306152344]
[0.8105137348175049]
[1.7942838668823242]
[29.942155838012695]
[48.33106994628906]
[5.481706619262695]
[8.193561553955078]
[21.926612854003906]
[80.9716567993164]
[20.695646286010742]
[372.6584777832031]
[3.6797304153442383]
[2.117673635482788]
[5.08358907699585]
[15.007540702819824]
[6.6435675621032715]
[1.5846198797225952]
[37.330326080322266]
[5.554871082305908]
[147.35865783691406]
[0.7635839581489563]
[89.01428985595703]
[155.75086975097656]
[10.522912979125977]
[138.36619567871094]
[0.832377552986145]
[30.979841232299805]
[3.0616044998168945]
[1.1721956729888916]
[1.3637824058532715]
[26.34467315673828]
[2.073091983795166]
[15.558191299438477]
[2.922893762588501]
[2.3217084407806396]
[1.3501167297363281]
[3.9119861125946045]
[3.842641592025757]
[17.736469268798828]
[7.459882736206055]
[5.231963634490967]
[15.29484748840332]
[1.083127737045288]
[0.9675295352935791]
[3.2392418384552]
[33.04510498046875]
[39.70880889892578]
[606.2355346679688]
[1.266432762145996]
[59.4874382019043]
[1.1897121667861938]
[0.831858217716217]
[78.06539154052734]
[0.967221736907959]
[13.25663948059082]
[17.474838256835938]
[1.821803092956543]
[0.6588497757911682]
[0.6958673000335693]
[102.49475860595703]
[4.636499404907227]
[2.595240831375122]
[418.38262939453125]
[21.835187911987305]
[0.6443383693695068]
[151.58865356445312]
[4.204634666442871]
[44.08726119995117]
[67.89955139160156]
[1.9155346155166626]
[3.784031629562378]
[1.6470996141433716]
[3.644296884536743]
[6.000593185424805]
[234.3032989501953]
[73.57349395751953]
[663.7946166992188]
[1.7494806051254272]
[5.224496841430664]
[2.238851547241211]
[100.77975463867188]
[2.296917200088501]
[116.5730972290039]
[14.152352333068848]
[1.8039734363555908]
[0.6451376080513]
[1.8407002687454224]
[30.74773597717285]
[2.1649811267852783]
[0.7335547804832458]
[1.5866082906723022]
[2.2556917667388916]
[3.277010202407837]
[20.4750919342041]
[37.107357025146484]
[29.120105743408203]
[5.312042713165283]
[1.6888455152511597]
[32.99978256225586]
[2.4752390384674072]
[27.782419204711914]
[34.38816833496094]
[8.090807914733887]
[246.9288330078125]
[98.1094741821289]
[18.690868377685547]
[2.496333360671997]
[1.1201205253601074]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[20.033710479736328]
[1.401248812675476]
[0.8864004611968994]
[5.028970718383789]
[9.692845344543457]
[3.0691068172454834]
[103.1553726196289]
[13.58230972290039]
[2.578956365585327]
[43.874122619628906]
[69.69115447998047]
[12.056588172912598]
[3.1270086765289307]
[8.10813045501709]
[1.7859911918640137]
[0.6169774532318115]
[0.3599846661090851]
[1.9100037813186646]
[51.10030746459961]
[2.03424072265625]
[5.602746963500977]
[7.663360118865967]
[13.07148551940918]
[0.608384370803833]
[1.374338984489441]
[16.167783737182617]
[11.685118675231934]
[2.365276575088501]
[988.907958984375]
[78.33342742919922]
[39.76396560668945]
[0.5955697894096375]
[1.0384986400604248]
[1.2504864931106567]
[5.836227893829346]
[3.2270302772521973]
[127.74943542480469]
[10.615952491760254]
[44.29777908325195]
[39.25442123413086]
[20.657611846923828]
[4.835718154907227]
[0.5145061612129211]
[2.249983549118042]
[10.822593688964844]
[280.55804443359375]
[65.59941101074219]
[5.02725887298584]
[1.1860096454620361]
[3.7968692779541016]
[3.434211015701294]
[648.3602905273438]
[35.9647102355957]
[14.603105545043945]
[281.95635986328125]
[1.2725584506988525]
[15.71088981628418]
[27.30532455444336]
[16.276185989379883]
[6.663954257965088]
[25.1536922454834]
[3.807729482650757]
[5.682085037231445]
[23.904455184936523]
[2.5486090183258057]
[119.27372741699219]
[2.775160789489746]
[888.505615234375]
[914.8070068359375]
[0.7435013055801392]
[1.5879789590835571]
[5.036868572235107]
[2.4526302814483643]
[4.2677998542785645]
[10.490636825561523]
[157.41062927246094]
[0.7628138065338135]
[3.4938995838165283]
[68.26749420166016]
[16.890605926513672]
[3.564260482788086]
[2.7831859588623047]
[828.5702514648438]
[5.779976844787598]
[48.98446273803711]
[12.333385467529297]
[1.7027461528778076]
[14.742218971252441]
[6.370296001434326]
[454.0912170410156]
[20.764087677001953]
[3.831166982650757]
[10.802821159362793]
[8.714825630187988]
[54.635704040527344]
[490.68695068359375]
[1.3707895278930664]
[1.5120564699172974]
[1.2952356338500977]
[125.8711929321289]
[2.647397994995117]
[92.28209686279297]
[4.260411262512207]
[0.6811210513114929]
[8.868317604064941]
[6.42324686050415]
[25.879545211791992]
[1.1958262920379639]
[32.43513488769531]
[6.692471504211426]
[1.1129395961761475]
[16.293407440185547]
[3.8121554851531982]
[16.225019454956055]
[1292.6317138671875]
[3.906876802444458]
[113.39303588867188]
[23.10527801513672]
[11.980246543884277]
[2.9032492637634277]
[7.419305324554443]
[12.808399200439453]
[73.47985076904297]
[91.10121154785156]
[15.49293327331543]
[0.7539637088775635]
[11.226493835449219]
[19.388412475585938]
[29.172590255737305]
[0.8757175207138062]
[1.338249921798706]
[1.1360586881637573]
[3.6590499877929688]
[1.6717168092727661]
[25.67801284790039]
[16.686973571777344]
[1.1048486232757568]
[5.836506366729736]
[2.648740291595459]
[18.48773956298828]
[35.7869873046875]
[16.905593872070312]
[0.7000011205673218]
[28.0795841217041]
[4.576267242431641]
[0.6118063926696777]
[5.694084644317627]
[19.277589797973633]
[6.120701789855957]
[5.73959493637085]
[7.050129413604736]
[20.264549255371094]
[273.5155029296875]
[4.509403228759766]
[23.047924041748047]
[5.971077919006348]
[599.9094848632812]
[0.14276717603206635]
[1.1707708835601807]
[338.2696228027344]
[0.7153090834617615]
[2.2172648906707764]
[207.67893981933594]
[23.510705947875977]
[278.00213623046875]
[29.714330673217773]
[16.7166805267334]
[71.1946029663086]
[308.42364501953125]
[586.4608154296875]
[1.9586719274520874]
[236.3138885498047]
[121.13362121582031]
[6.843827724456787]
[10.137104988098145]
[8.030959129333496]
[83.0205307006836]
[5.686083793640137]
[3.6434054374694824]
[0.9452746510505676]
[6.293745040893555]
[15.659756660461426]
[2.507905960083008]
[3.720629930496216]
[13.569934844970703]
[12.49705696105957]
[28.707012176513672]
[6.317447662353516]
[2.223313808441162]
[2.547332525253296]
[9.967329025268555]
[24.447011947631836]
[5.876532077789307]
[0.10854556411504745]
[9.69260025024414]
[233.26690673828125]
[2.7467410564422607]
[507.0079345703125]
[1.3133550882339478]
[6.03109884262085]
[31.74578285217285]
[4.118503570556641]
[119.79035186767578]
[126.17121124267578]
[0.6661499738693237]
[0.6631690859794617]
[1.3793104887008667]
[46.931400299072266]
[3.2382993698120117]
[4.36076545715332]
[1.8861662149429321]
[1.2217789888381958]
[23.306503295898438]
[718.3611450195312]
[5.003437042236328]
[176.23577880859375]
[0.43836498260498047]
[3.3667821884155273]
[5.412508964538574]
[2.159546136856079]
[207.25669860839844]
[4.062427520751953]
[4.689644813537598]
[1.6341928243637085]
[18.81009292602539]
[0.519365131855011]
[6.902939319610596]
[8.614665985107422]
[5.388436317443848]
[111.97544860839844]
[5.100008487701416]
[15.547569274902344]
[18.750328063964844]
[24.656230926513672]
[8.225493431091309]
[3.501208782196045]
[173.9419403076172]
[44.715431213378906]
[7.482065200805664]
[1.0164326429367065]
[15.228498458862305]
[3.9061875343322754]
[1.0430067777633667]
[4.8203840255737305]
[201.0640411376953]
[4.042520523071289]
[1.6033706665039062]
[105.24291229248047]
[1.723437786102295]
[12.719023704528809]
[0.8375140428543091]
[4.102712631225586]
[9.841817855834961]
[1.1678813695907593]
[1.6530413627624512]
[4.294464588165283]
[5.581482410430908]
[19.008333206176758]
[9.73659610748291]
[0.9579336047172546]
[54.415870666503906]
[2.19525408744812]
[3.9092276096343994]
[47.75446701049805]
[4.339508533477783]
[3.352701425552368]
[473.6656494140625]
[484.6832275390625]
[7.020246505737305]
[9.228998184204102]
[1.3831095695495605]
[0.9508564472198486]
[450.8902587890625]
[5.963499069213867]
[43.708274841308594]
[1.5524553060531616]
[17.101436614990234]
[6.796548843383789]
[16.46405792236328]
[29.089698791503906]
[54.442955017089844]
[0.7322757840156555]
[3.6834943294525146]
[112.0851821899414]
[6.27202033996582]
[1.2764650583267212]
[222.61053466796875]
[3.69752836227417]
[0.5264002084732056]
[3.7577157020568848]
[5.029059886932373]
[17.02796745300293]
[182.31906127929688]
[5.6649980545043945]
[27.904861450195312]
[0.9519487023353577]
[16.04542350769043]
[10.309311866760254]
[4.343554973602295]
[1.3793095350265503]
[11.401698112487793]
[14.080704689025879]
[4.995367527008057]
[7.21333122253418]
[56.614013671875]
[0.4879683554172516]
[7.052809238433838]
[48.835357666015625]
[11.716758728027344]
[5.482269763946533]
[308.15948486328125]
[4.050265789031982]
[4.730586051940918]
[2.5283634662628174]
[9.28282642364502]
[2.4389724731445312]
[17.960643768310547]
[129.27145385742188]
[20.83553695678711]
[16.358205795288086]
[8.343369483947754]
[8.800641059875488]
[1.1510896682739258]
[0.349539190530777]
[95.13263702392578]
[172.6718292236328]
[1.7606250047683716]
[3.0292270183563232]
[7.609562873840332]
[10.488265037536621]
[56.407196044921875]
[2.7074716091156006]
[8.822980880737305]
[26.968666076660156]
[2.2855255603790283]
[1.5242233276367188]
[1.2857179641723633]
[69.59408569335938]
[99.93233489990234]
[15.463343620300293]
[3.8051788806915283]
[2.6506881713867188]
[117.3486328125]
[302.4073791503906]
[2.6022908687591553]
[18.404346466064453]
[4.567657947540283]
[0.6675295829772949]
[891.1095581054688]
[0.7525212168693542]
[8.868768692016602]
[0.5810585618019104]
[69.54197692871094]
[18.5960636138916]
[1.3618049621582031]
[52.98540115356445]
[19.943462371826172]
[6.754323959350586]
[1.2046151161193848]
[2.0114312171936035]
[1.5381349325180054]
[1.4647637605667114]
[18.651533126831055]
[8.436480522155762]
[1.1748615503311157]
[9.62292766571045]
[352.28302001953125]
[14.003665924072266]
[8.038932800292969]
[0.6852974891662598]
[8.213471412658691]
[238.51046752929688]
[3.9270355701446533]
[3.38911771774292]
[9.019213676452637]
[4.108983993530273]
[3.208231210708618]
[76.15235900878906]
[15.351811408996582]
[1.9677495956420898]
[1.4234639406204224]
[6.977362155914307]
[5.202414035797119]
[12.775269508361816]
[15.232134819030762]
[112.87036895751953]
[2.7128403186798096]
[0.7136588096618652]
[2.7986366748809814]
[18.81036949157715]
[51.933815002441406]
[9.311559677124023]
[2.8825104236602783]
[1.8438465595245361]
[1.9140301942825317]
[1.3849502801895142]
[4.498798370361328]
[4.065697193145752]
[27.301889419555664]
[2.250001907348633]
[6.504693984985352]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[135.8970489501953]
[30.628957748413086]
[2.296856164932251]
[5.915099620819092]
[2.1378982067108154]
[3.937751054763794]
[14.495866775512695]
[2.2573742866516113]
[95.72335052490234]
[11.577184677124023]
[2.131070137023926]
[16.9127254486084]
[1.470129370689392]
[0.7682899236679077]
[114.35547637939453]
[36.534690856933594]
[0.7664192318916321]
[6.096557140350342]
[1.6229411363601685]
[0.7286208271980286]
[1.6649696826934814]
[0.7603017687797546]
[70.39619445800781]
[2.7870841026306152]
[0.6654598116874695]
[106.41484069824219]
[97.04174041748047]
[4.907862663269043]
[3.978105068206787]
[2.1382808685302734]
[1.9713269472122192]
[29.548450469970703]
[32.25837326049805]
[1.8551580905914307]
[1.2092559337615967]
[45.27643585205078]
[0.6272842884063721]
[13.879140853881836]
[0.9464922547340393]
[4.78165340423584]
[33.431175231933594]
[171.53004455566406]
[9.665362358093262]
[164.6977081298828]
[2.9819281101226807]
[6.199380874633789]
[4.104274749755859]
[0.7879878282546997]
[1.156237006187439]
[125.66504669189453]
[9.200128555297852]
[26.159318923950195]
[237.4152374267578]
[4.8761820793151855]
[3.748654842376709]
[78.1030502319336]
[12.886469841003418]
[7.841451644897461]
[1.8640239238739014]
[3.7973592281341553]
[9.406340599060059]
[13.118683815002441]
[3.930739402770996]
[41.77806091308594]
[1.3931878805160522]
[215.94558715820312]
[7.095818519592285]
[3.1744375228881836]
[20.8538818359375]
[0.7718603610992432]
[47.20674133300781]
[4.251197814941406]
[3.0215463638305664]
[121.13086700439453]
[1.7816455364227295]
[16.989856719970703]
[5.172394275665283]
[10.902008056640625]
[5.204224109649658]
[13.926573753356934]
[1.787420630455017]
[0.3784232437610626]
[0.9323874711990356]
[1.0415364503860474]
[1.0102627277374268]
[0.09381750971078873]
[0.8934840559959412]
[1.0751408338546753]
[2.331083297729492]
[152.43365478515625]
[28.291475296020508]
[17.235450744628906]
[15.899596214294434]
[2.813675880432129]
[303.4670715332031]
[120.64431762695312]
[1.7627414464950562]
[1.7687050104141235]
[6.759863376617432]
[3.3888988494873047]
[74.2241439819336]
[893.2030639648438]
[97.87539672851562]
[2.8015756607055664]
[3.507486343383789]
[4.287169456481934]
[4.909656047821045]
[0.6949062347412109]
[1.5231311321258545]
[10.691632270812988]
[3.44686222076416]
[16.36469268798828]
[29.159799575805664]
[1.5655999183654785]
[4.567291736602783]
[3.320011854171753]
[2.096133232116699]
[1.2266106605529785]
[7.387456893920898]
[6.442641735076904]
[19.747385025024414]
[6.50808048248291]
[101.44436645507812]
[2.821615219116211]
[224.38917541503906]
[0.8489647507667542]
[1.299896240234375]
[48.904727935791016]
[7.363007068634033]
[0.883152186870575]
[3.0012128353118896]
[3.6202328205108643]
[369.48187255859375]
[25.713430404663086]
[89.5810775756836]
[20.33785057067871]
[0.7661980390548706]
[2.06503963470459]
[43.43158721923828]
[165.34530639648438]
[4.619711875915527]
[6.154695987701416]
[0.5719912052154541]
[1.0709128379821777]
[122.63984680175781]
[15.248978614807129]
[2.5890259742736816]
[15.348846435546875]
[2.735971689224243]
[76.25318145751953]
[38.768959045410156]
[6.777921676635742]
[5.756720066070557]
[4.373325347900391]
[57.188846588134766]
[0.7230848073959351]
[3.7894973754882812]
[4.318907737731934]
[10.470264434814453]
[3.9972755908966064]
[216.9502716064453]
[13.157999038696289]
[7.382081508636475]
[10.75070571899414]
[8.855843544006348]
[7.703972816467285]
[22.90915298461914]
[499.05792236328125]
[5.957681655883789]
[1.3504670858383179]
[3.869818687438965]
[1.8279708623886108]
[5.174638748168945]
[9.52607250213623]
[4.794070720672607]
[2.0992138385772705]
[190.05975341796875]
[0.07508338242769241]
[2.959115505218506]
[36.001182556152344]
[5.672213554382324]
[23.233417510986328]
[2.197399139404297]
[695.7420043945312]
[2.43717622756958]
[6.118164539337158]
[4.992573261260986]
[4.456740856170654]
[23.2836856842041]
[14.1000394821167]
[3.977374792098999]
[770.0970458984375]
[0.3757549226284027]
[15.584432601928711]
[131.14126586914062]
[2.0217580795288086]
[29.650161743164062]
[4.070146560668945]
[1.0801833868026733]
[2.798454999923706]
[234.8787841796875]
[1.0553054809570312]
[3.604271173477173]
[19.020160675048828]
[0.5956799387931824]
[1.6790084838867188]
[22.27993392944336]
[2.161790132522583]
[6.015895843505859]
[2.208822727203369]
[2.1999247074127197]
[8.167533874511719]
[0.3934481739997864]
[4.023656845092773]
[1.3213849067687988]
[1.099579095840454]
[4.378149032592773]
[16.399778366088867]
[8.96971321105957]
[3.3667778968811035]
[1.8006819486618042]
[9.630529403686523]
[25.003311157226562]
[1.851617455482483]
[0.8454468250274658]
[1152.7620849609375]
[7.9156622886657715]
[0.8681845664978027]
[4.27195930480957]
[0.4991925358772278]
[620.6812744140625]
[53.557777404785156]
[12.164288520812988]
[3.162919521331787]
[3.8705813884735107]
[3.6894030570983887]
[1.7361819744110107]
[215.79441833496094]
[2.8782646656036377]
[3.3734934329986572]
[12.043050765991211]
[3.7953102588653564]
[1.9223647117614746]
[1.8532730340957642]
[6.142389297485352]
[1.0026153326034546]
[0.9605227112770081]
[6.4635491371154785]
[272.9005126953125]
[2.089810848236084]
[1.5773974657058716]
[6.229249954223633]
[6.084012031555176]
[257.1964111328125]
[43.07844161987305]
[168.3899383544922]
[2.540414333343506]
[5.412680149078369]
[13.784006118774414]
[3.021707057952881]
[1.7253872156143188]
[22.889205932617188]
[0.5912759900093079]
[67.42887878417969]
[79.6313247680664]
[1.162614107131958]
[66.33403778076172]
[7.7152628898620605]
[0.7644233107566833]
[1.8919548988342285]
[451.5841369628906]
[1.314964771270752]
[17.093017578125]
[123.90791320800781]
[3.481520652770996]
[45.06486892700195]
[75.17992401123047]
[2.4271414279937744]
[69.12896728515625]
[1.3603624105453491]
[3.332710027694702]
[1.5913195610046387]
[244.8285675048828]
[1.2730897665023804]
[1.7396066188812256]
[6.727919101715088]
[0.7664816379547119]
[68.74048614501953]
[31.328893661499023]
[3.611112356185913]
[2.3240060806274414]
[7.972080707550049]
[10.363033294677734]
[58.76527404785156]
[1.8235262632369995]
[3.0610098838806152]
[21.180248260498047]
[4.281490325927734]
[18.515666961669922]
[63.824729919433594]
[2.374821901321411]
[0.6900173425674438]
[1.7377721071243286]
[0.9254233837127686]
[1801.6824951171875]
[243.0082550048828]
[69.50202178955078]
[1.8279598951339722]
[9.361385345458984]
[187.68328857421875]
[81.45714569091797]
[0.8313329815864563]
[0.7005372047424316]
[67.7269058227539]
[622.6040649414062]
[1.9577592611312866]
[58.198577880859375]
[21.703388214111328]
[1.2147094011306763]
[1.4313023090362549]
[1.7124018669128418]
[2.4434401988983154]
[23.927776336669922]
[1.352988839149475]
[2.552757978439331]
[0.8956964612007141]
[675.4204711914062]
[477.743408203125]
[19.65766143798828]
[0.5849770903587341]
[66.88469696044922]
[3.7222983837127686]
[47.82732391357422]
[9.72476577758789]
[9.72219467163086]
[210.7353515625]
[1.827158808708191]
[7.876502513885498]
[28.868013381958008]
[6.3402533531188965]
[3.589980363845825]
[5.7805280685424805]
[36.42436981201172]
[55.456321716308594]
[9.98614501953125]
[14.526865005493164]
[18.834632873535156]
[1.2868062257766724]
[1.292214035987854]
[3.9933266639709473]
[27.569990158081055]
[1.2963589429855347]
[8.154914855957031]
[1.9517195224761963]
[1.1733074188232422]
[1.247555136680603]
[16.577381134033203]
[13.769774436950684]
[4.517776966094971]
[0.3651253581047058]
[10.107471466064453]
[94.91647338867188]
[5.9857940673828125]
[0.8729565143585205]
[0.8663451671600342]
[2.0706734657287598]
[136.68846130371094]
[12.263005256652832]
[3.8519370555877686]
[1.5250790119171143]
[7.253659248352051]
[80.85243225097656]
[13.114018440246582]
[4.50514030456543]
[0.8096635341644287]
[3.6157443523406982]
[4.020287036895752]
[1.039968729019165]
[1.8296537399291992]
[47.44096374511719]
[5.369068145751953]
[15.577825546264648]
[25.7574405670166]
[205.0103302001953]
[5.876498222351074]
[1.729568600654602]
[48.86741638183594]
[0.44219285249710083]
[258.1273498535156]
[12.008827209472656]
[15.0028715133667]
[1514.4068603515625]
[4.250975131988525]
[80.44681549072266]
[60.026153564453125]
[1.1547541618347168]
[80.9041519165039]
[18.391830444335938]
[48.745670318603516]
[36.076454162597656]
[51.325408935546875]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[33.6512451171875]
[16.318567276000977]
[37.680118560791016]
[0.5049110651016235]
[17.801210403442383]
[2.851809024810791]
[5.179314136505127]
[1.4194287061691284]
[30.590681076049805]
[0.45626792311668396]
[6.337436676025391]
[7.181199550628662]
[14.489187240600586]
[2.583216667175293]
[2.6271321773529053]
[92.83454895019531]
[0.562084436416626]
[0.6149728894233704]
[6.712423324584961]
[131.94662475585938]
[47.469825744628906]
[538.1255493164062]
[5.749720573425293]
[5.246904373168945]
[0.36390581727027893]
[1.9769079685211182]
[3.902420997619629]
[0.5887585282325745]
[29.12445068359375]
[194.37234497070312]
[0.6391697525978088]
[296.0603332519531]
[4.664529800415039]
[3.336171865463257]
[1.8558365106582642]
[2.471376419067383]
[0.6727226376533508]
[358.8663330078125]
[4.785621643066406]
[21.578954696655273]
[7.7638349533081055]
[105.8140640258789]
[3.3837430477142334]
[3.746617078781128]
[13.407183647155762]
[102.48942565917969]
[2.114711046218872]
[55.553768157958984]
[2.064976215362549]
[2.882547616958618]
[9.029465675354004]
[2.375377893447876]
[2.9761621952056885]
[2.529841423034668]
[1.8092598915100098]
[29.597732543945312]
[3.0144925117492676]
[14.877227783203125]
[13.13140869140625]
[1.4895961284637451]
[4.9879469871521]
[624.2059936523438]
[6.111276149749756]
[3.1733856201171875]
[32.83335876464844]
[26.593957901000977]
[2.7617993354797363]
[1.2076961994171143]
[522.37353515625]
[11.248835563659668]
[1378.7076416015625]
[4.155639171600342]
[158.9444580078125]
[352.3648681640625]
[0.77116858959198]
[39.73100662231445]
[38.342018127441406]
[0.9367628693580627]
[4.193920135498047]
[8.330270767211914]
[0.7415741682052612]
[0.2416517436504364]
[17.908214569091797]
[1.3708560466766357]
[12.776529312133789]
[8.076201438903809]
[19.635818481445312]
[10.250004768371582]
[112.3524398803711]
[3.0450263023376465]
[1.486392855644226]
[4.364401340484619]
[2.449272394180298]
[32.16612243652344]
[352.67437744140625]
[0.05494456738233566]
[36.535587310791016]
[7.006263256072998]
[2.2756130695343018]
[4.01850700378418]
[0.5224886536598206]
[29.52783966064453]
[277.6313171386719]
[0.1918441206216812]
[2.255845546722412]
[20.65290069580078]
[319.1389465332031]
[3.365415573120117]
[28.902830123901367]
[10.3054838180542]
[0.953106164932251]
[4.56318473815918]
[27.483938217163086]
[134.27377319335938]
[35.71278381347656]
[4.6222357749938965]
[42.76358413696289]
[146.62777709960938]
[40.06882095336914]
[1.010446548461914]
[0.6253068447113037]
[5.147552967071533]
[2.053117275238037]
[9.089176177978516]
[131.35841369628906]
[8.37240982055664]
[4.516546249389648]
[8.62353515625]
[121.23040771484375]
[4.313058376312256]
[4.73622989654541]
[3.894171714782715]
[2.2478671073913574]
[4.084630966186523]
[5.099072456359863]
[2.600684404373169]
[4.61996603012085]
[44.164119720458984]
[41.87662124633789]
[4.016093730926514]
[2.327596426010132]
[1.7327138185501099]
[28.552440643310547]
[11.79588508605957]
[20.725269317626953]
[2.1201059818267822]
[300.6312255859375]
[43.881141662597656]
[3.8855557441711426]
[0.8023383617401123]
[1.7473472356796265]
[8.912171363830566]
[0.5184860229492188]
[2.9507856369018555]
[1.0942695140838623]
[55.692378997802734]
[14.677302360534668]
[16.687393188476562]
[1075.0806884765625]
[0.3944683372974396]
[2.7933459281921387]
[0.8336781859397888]
[127.38510131835938]
[1.1404439210891724]
[4.553359508514404]
[0.9333655834197998]
[45.737396240234375]
[51.3236083984375]
[243.8065643310547]
[6.5824689865112305]
[8.691751480102539]
[33.350040435791016]
[71.38585662841797]
[35.088165283203125]
[253.86668395996094]
[3.6722967624664307]
[0.5437707304954529]
[12.225627899169922]
[0.7920897006988525]
[282.7571716308594]
[12.615564346313477]
[12.917048454284668]
[50.6807975769043]
[3.9781994819641113]
[0.6124553084373474]
[1.7408562898635864]
[5.411795616149902]
[7.386626720428467]
[0.7947545051574707]
[4.901240348815918]
[0.9719046950340271]
[7.210629940032959]
[2.3448433876037598]
[5.6743855476379395]
[8.363263130187988]
[1.733687400817871]
[3.766286849975586]
[5.200847148895264]
[41.35453796386719]
[6.904475688934326]
[5.0251898765563965]
[0.5281689167022705]
[7.71297550201416]
[58.61319351196289]
[1.0191978216171265]
[97.99748229980469]
[0.1520404815673828]
[6.270559787750244]
[6.303651332855225]
[336.1964111328125]
[2.2218456268310547]
[0.43076762557029724]
[0.36070704460144043]
[6.987669467926025]
[2.0090746879577637]
[10.448321342468262]
[18.094362258911133]
[1.0001473426818848]
[5.753090858459473]
[17.144350051879883]
[5.837924957275391]
[0.827100396156311]
[127.32597351074219]
[1.8497931957244873]
[297.0151672363281]
[1.2040164470672607]
[1.6814671754837036]
[2.324917793273926]
[117.06002044677734]
[56.06370544433594]
[13.81529426574707]
[3.4931135177612305]
[3.0673444271087646]
[62.875]
[11.12035846710205]
[1219.3857421875]
[2.375631332397461]
[1.4570813179016113]
[26.953638076782227]
[20.3098087310791]
[5.252357006072998]
[3.331326961517334]
[5.0652947425842285]
[0.5861601233482361]
[0.29727911949157715]
[2.7269065380096436]
[12.203143119812012]
[208.76878356933594]
[233.2241973876953]
[1080.992919921875]
[23.600004196166992]
[6.895932674407959]
[7.401690483093262]
[0.5531724095344543]
[4.344415664672852]
[5.658595085144043]
[3.741879463195801]
[1.7814674377441406]
[203.5644989013672]
[0.8906610608100891]
[6.6607136726379395]
[21.388662338256836]
[2.4964873790740967]
[2.8042752742767334]
[115.52769470214844]
[1.099817156791687]
[3.213622808456421]
[1.3029321432113647]
[3.8935599327087402]
[12.581351280212402]
[3.176671028137207]
[121.8595199584961]
[2.1682212352752686]
[13.254281997680664]
[1.143452525138855]
[1.9528608322143555]
[444.8101501464844]
[2.4120442867279053]
[10.457079887390137]
[1.7721431255340576]
[5.918048858642578]
[4.578901290893555]
[4.608455181121826]
[2.9230575561523438]
[3.005802869796753]
[169.81689453125]
[2.642735242843628]
[1.1029974222183228]
[45.882328033447266]
[1.4509634971618652]
[1.5619999170303345]
[0.804068386554718]
[0.6866183280944824]
[39.101783752441406]
[0.5976578593254089]
[4.255120754241943]
[8.188896179199219]
[5.108967304229736]
[0.25279825925827026]
[5.320330619812012]
[0.7697612047195435]
[1.1326322555541992]
[26.70611572265625]
[11.866844177246094]
[143.2630157470703]
[0.39257630705833435]
[1.9211225509643555]
[120.06881713867188]
[11.262846946716309]
[1021.0048217773438]
[12.923120498657227]
[1.2368873357772827]
[43.29469680786133]
[0.14574652910232544]
[3.045003652572632]
[10.4850492477417]
[20.857627868652344]
[23.4233341217041]
[16.528257369995117]
[3.1014227867126465]
[431.4131164550781]
[2.590513229370117]
[2.765502691268921]
[3.9600274562835693]
[9.893494606018066]
[4.749793529510498]
[1.804844617843628]
[3.128711462020874]
[5.756353378295898]
[0.8706479072570801]
[322.18487548828125]
[3.9348304271698]
[6.068702220916748]
[5.873897075653076]
[0.20454299449920654]
[2.1597232818603516]
[5.128291606903076]
[69.48475646972656]
[0.9400243163108826]
[255.4073486328125]
[3.8888165950775146]
[1.4889758825302124]
[12.04326057434082]
[3.2295305728912354]
[105.79963684082031]
[15.446242332458496]
[3.651656150817871]
[0.5867158770561218]
[130.16258239746094]
[2.3031656742095947]
[1.7896318435668945]
[4.016669750213623]
[3.2691445350646973]
[2.056002616882324]
[3.707092523574829]
[5.71049690246582]
[10.152382850646973]
[33.56978988647461]
[64.46424102783203]
[0.8593554496765137]
[6.7550764083862305]
[123.29991149902344]
[1.1611084938049316]
[0.5310013294219971]
[3.0186383724212646]
[3.2538602352142334]
[0.418636292219162]
[0.5751949548721313]
[1.9277735948562622]
[8.211394309997559]
[23.006990432739258]
[125.49227905273438]
[0.2891778349876404]
[3.918827772140503]
[9.002991676330566]
[43.54096603393555]
[51.425209045410156]
[1.1349377632141113]
[4.013168811798096]
[168.54315185546875]
[2.2171945571899414]
[839.7108764648438]
[6.35159158706665]
[2.943788766860962]
[1.7230006456375122]
[131.39627075195312]
[0.7869989275932312]
[1.2726117372512817]
[7.421295166015625]
[3.049382209777832]
[329.2734680175781]
[18.475637435913086]
[1.2339508533477783]
[3.464665174484253]
[5.502892017364502]
[7.548355579376221]
[0.068720743060112]
[3.508742094039917]
[0.4080127477645874]
[2.9528772830963135]
[0.9424041509628296]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[115.40534210205078]
[3.05116605758667]
[1.6780459880828857]
[4.688848972320557]
[1.6054307222366333]
[1.9399141073226929]
[9.825510025024414]
[5.359209060668945]
[170.90025329589844]
[6.674902439117432]
[3.3209831714630127]
[3.1058967113494873]
[21.139205932617188]
[3.9261879920959473]
[1.8445777893066406]
[2.098315715789795]
[0.9041805267333984]
[3.3126213550567627]
[20.0189266204834]
[1.8571784496307373]
[143.4808349609375]
[0.7569630146026611]
[211.72299194335938]
[25.023603439331055]
[18.855281829833984]
[8.604183197021484]
[30.803564071655273]
[6.654553413391113]
[77.44661712646484]
[49.68440246582031]
[8.473418235778809]
[110.45219421386719]
[73.75389862060547]
[2.24336838722229]
[3.465677261352539]
[6.989602565765381]
[11.108559608459473]
[4.249781608581543]
[0.9407621622085571]
[4.250727653503418]
[69.45697784423828]
[1.520424246788025]
[3.732851028442383]
[4.375063419342041]
[5.250581741333008]
[28.301931381225586]
[1.4397773742675781]
[31.068063735961914]
[10.07203197479248]
[2.385274648666382]
[0.9912109375]
[2.157832384109497]
[273.3653564453125]
[0.05309106037020683]
[2.4482805728912354]
[170.1254119873047]
[1.8536945581436157]
[5.586378574371338]
[0.7300835251808167]
[23.2438907623291]
[4.384215831756592]
[0.7371666431427002]
[0.8354902863502502]
[0.7120510339736938]
[2.97751522064209]
[4.342750549316406]
[5.838129043579102]
[2.5608325004577637]
[2.2200117111206055]
[13.306697845458984]
[3.822122812271118]
[6.019491672515869]
[15.10363483428955]
[29.056169509887695]
[0.9348881244659424]
[6.838151931762695]
[1.429349660873413]
[44.20320129394531]
[0.06353075802326202]
[1.3385602235794067]
[0.8947481513023376]
[3.7287051677703857]
[0.07385038584470749]
[118.82666778564453]
[52.31668472290039]
[9.262628555297852]
[574.941650390625]
[1.7161632776260376]
[0.6722866892814636]
[1.8106417655944824]
[3.554720401763916]
[2.669917583465576]
[4.258452892303467]
[143.67869567871094]
[11.380741119384766]
[0.684438943862915]
[11.582375526428223]
[1.4595670700073242]
[0.09420615434646606]
[25.1146183013916]
[4.456010341644287]
[189.08180236816406]
[9.866242408752441]
[2.2537992000579834]
[8.923656463623047]
[1823.5234375]
[80.20332336425781]
[0.6682603359222412]
[257.9805603027344]
[9.332537651062012]
[13.341322898864746]
[35.10165023803711]
[19.436756134033203]
[35.99720001220703]
[110.45806884765625]
[0.6116516590118408]
[3.4524295330047607]
[110.74683380126953]
[1.6215254068374634]
[0.7047424912452698]
[50.07114791870117]
[2.1877431869506836]
[3.0868871212005615]
[73.09526062011719]
[107.1634750366211]
[6.226463794708252]
[1.716729760169983]
[390.913818359375]
[3.940053701400757]
[19.546157836914062]
[41.31473159790039]
[143.7399444580078]
[4.459772109985352]
[8.352607727050781]
[39.976924896240234]
[4.84152889251709]
[2.1182126998901367]
[22.4959774017334]
[7.004039287567139]
[2.419558525085449]
[6.9335737228393555]
[2.6937179565429688]
[52.77998352050781]
[7.422221660614014]
[1.1353404521942139]
[1.1029647588729858]
[105.74848937988281]
[14.741744041442871]
[7.095215320587158]
[12.536136627197266]
[3.3635573387145996]
[0.44200608134269714]
[4.587870121002197]
[3.3806726932525635]
[3.8090157508850098]
[5.2421464920043945]
[5.543035507202148]
[362.494384765625]
[3.047567367553711]
[175.1678924560547]
[0.9811313152313232]
[1.0410228967666626]
[3.547192096710205]
[36.40438461303711]
[18.056652069091797]
[1.8772540092468262]
[12.158843994140625]
[726.8449096679688]
[2.4611170291900635]
[2.537112236022949]
[9.442717552185059]
[1.4168809652328491]
[16.654882431030273]
[5.0416579246521]
[2.014833927154541]
[5.418292045593262]
[7.726656436920166]
[3.0923268795013428]
[12.342652320861816]
[13.284815788269043]
[8.618577003479004]
[14.59555435180664]
[20.030595779418945]
[26.0914363861084]
[3.508270025253296]
[3.7252564430236816]
[5.771303176879883]
[3.4760122299194336]
[13.383218765258789]
[3.8044676780700684]
[652.5902099609375]
[0.6450709700584412]
[2.709183692932129]
[6.614978790283203]
[20.21808433532715]
[4.797754287719727]
[24.345901489257812]
[1.2572526931762695]
[4.038660049438477]
[30.492849349975586]
[0.7240182757377625]
[0.7975162267684937]
[113.16735076904297]
[0.9791845083236694]
[44.89360809326172]
[3.505186080932617]
[4.550348281860352]
[1.3596670627593994]
[5.598970890045166]
[0.4389791190624237]
[1.5371345281600952]
[4.808137893676758]
[25.24755859375]
[2.404236078262329]
[27.584985733032227]
[3.3179428577423096]
[10.292388916015625]
[6.0162811279296875]
[4.189496994018555]
[114.74390411376953]
[66.72611236572266]
[0.8506793975830078]
[44.796016693115234]
[65.7374496459961]
[21.18177032470703]
[2.427211046218872]
[6.181838512420654]
[39.76723861694336]
[119.39328002929688]
[1.4782785177230835]
[1.2827781438827515]
[10.330802917480469]
[3.333437442779541]
[2.6375293731689453]
[8.96426010131836]
[3.999863624572754]
[2.480790615081787]
[1.1070412397384644]
[3.8852386474609375]
[42.2011604309082]
[209.89820861816406]
[3.1997787952423096]
[2.0432138442993164]
[3.770827054977417]
[2.4058339595794678]
[0.7438750267028809]
[3.280532121658325]
[1.6448818445205688]
[5.74203634262085]
[4.727137565612793]
[85.70465087890625]
[1.4930944442749023]
[2.1230974197387695]
[33.55144119262695]
[3.521944522857666]
[23.17721176147461]
[0.14602947235107422]
[1009.542724609375]
[0.05099019035696983]
[4.288850784301758]
[0.9460539221763611]
[6.602612495422363]
[3.321662664413452]
[0.6390045285224915]
[65.61437225341797]
[2.037135124206543]
[8.537925720214844]
[1.3779014348983765]
[4.303511142730713]
[1.4589228630065918]
[3.541130781173706]
[1.7784619331359863]
[8.858470916748047]
[58.72382354736328]
[43.961666107177734]
[149.37142944335938]
[1.4920244216918945]
[4.422180652618408]
[2.092461585998535]
[0.9660181403160095]
[1.7382298707962036]
[4.312621116638184]
[1.2260348796844482]
[0.20619775354862213]
[454.02227783203125]
[1175.9859619140625]
[5.166019916534424]
[13.891963958740234]
[111.74148559570312]
[20.87073516845703]
[43.88192367553711]
[1.2714966535568237]
[14.379995346069336]
[0.09298913925886154]
[126.8476791381836]
[89.90697479248047]
[99.86076354980469]
[61.873809814453125]
[4.4928297996521]
[4.129137992858887]
[81.58417510986328]
[143.9355010986328]
[4.564492702484131]
[1.222513198852539]
[3.5711896419525146]
[6.318439960479736]
[0.16401363909244537]
[1.207464337348938]
[0.18132345378398895]
[9.098950386047363]
[2.5711252689361572]
[245.3560028076172]
[0.7072135806083679]
[5.946768283843994]
[5.756247043609619]
[7.285027980804443]
[4.903817176818848]
[1.6111268997192383]
[31.750532150268555]
[2.0455923080444336]
[60.249874114990234]
[34.159324645996094]
[1.958092451095581]
[161.18505859375]
[144.7378387451172]
[4.798196792602539]
[147.4288787841797]
[147.88356018066406]
[173.31312561035156]
[0.20104722678661346]
[0.7297152876853943]
[14.310072898864746]
[9.0205078125]
[0.09504227340221405]
[2.705644130706787]
[4.902573108673096]
[13.754756927490234]
[13.232504844665527]
[2.6223418712615967]
[3.9517738819122314]
[4.299986362457275]
[2.0712730884552]
[4.680441379547119]
[9.90416145324707]
[3.855297565460205]
[57.24729537963867]
[0.7675476670265198]
[1.558173418045044]
[2.0635251998901367]
[31.501564025878906]
[2.7706570625305176]
[2.3942439556121826]
[1.0187948942184448]
[85.93389892578125]
[6.364558219909668]
[1.4183013439178467]
[16.930374145507812]
[11.84123420715332]
[0.78545743227005]
[5.9173264503479]
[1.0184520483016968]
[3.0570318698883057]
[2.0959813594818115]
[2.324522018432617]
[3.6976511478424072]
[52.05766677856445]
[3.1259560585021973]
[14.636762619018555]
[0.15063835680484772]
[0.7241952419281006]
[1.777590036392212]
[4.156375408172607]
[5.11832857131958]
[18.466482162475586]
[0.4062863290309906]
[519.6537475585938]
[4.576580047607422]
[1.5717406272888184]
[1.185784101486206]
[1.8375155925750732]
[604.1766357421875]
[13.38212776184082]
[2.3830416202545166]
[0.1053289994597435]
[4.137457370758057]
[1.746486783027649]
[10.93908405303955]
[5.974806308746338]
[0.07028426975011826]
[6.6081438064575195]
[0.9567709565162659]
[63.04246139526367]
[1.7106661796569824]
[0.8149497509002686]
[5.642827033996582]
[173.1658935546875]
[5.2300286293029785]
[1.817989468574524]
[2.0928335189819336]
[1.0726146697998047]
[3.0229902267456055]
[17.707679748535156]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.6279858350753784]
[19.035856246948242]
[2.2143502235412598]
[6.316340446472168]
[121.3052749633789]
[1.5461231470108032]
[50.70947265625]
[1.1973211765289307]
[32.3379020690918]
[1.8588513135910034]
[0.9965713620185852]
[7.986149311065674]
[532.60009765625]
[7.7816925048828125]
[13.678740501403809]
[2.3914318084716797]
[1.6708770990371704]
[124.95623779296875]
[5.890673637390137]
[4.639529228210449]
[1.2572294473648071]
[3.830991506576538]
[147.90989685058594]
[13.227407455444336]
[5.369598388671875]
[0.7671729326248169]
[0.15674932301044464]
[524.7548217773438]
[9.111520767211914]
[44.53118133544922]
[0.972110390663147]
[8.283283233642578]
[25.234739303588867]
[28.729503631591797]
[15.328726768493652]
[38.816200256347656]
[33.37199401855469]
[10.165251731872559]
[3.470329523086548]
[3.6980371475219727]
[144.02491760253906]
[0.47728386521339417]
[1.129326581954956]
[8.022623062133789]
[16.902454376220703]
[11.512767791748047]
[3.303560733795166]
[14.64712905883789]
[2.995471715927124]
[4.964611530303955]
[67.00460815429688]
[1.010064721107483]
[1.2895398139953613]
[5.575228691101074]
[7.328769683837891]
[4.87511682510376]
[173.7587890625]
[4.582876682281494]
[15.763806343078613]
[20.994182586669922]
[112.13386535644531]
[34.76816177368164]
[8.096461296081543]
[3.285965919494629]
[5.757194995880127]
[11.282217025756836]
[4.761240005493164]
[1.819664716720581]
[13.976065635681152]
[40.11000442504883]
[23.302513122558594]
[0.7542776465415955]
[0.5722304582595825]
[2.1082615852355957]
[12.390357971191406]
[11.970813751220703]
[197.14727783203125]
[15.982154846191406]
[73.70237731933594]
[5.359197616577148]
[46.28534698486328]
[26.843616485595703]
[10.883369445800781]
[5.281857490539551]
[2.288562536239624]
[2.1558268070220947]
[21.931303024291992]
[4.970686435699463]
[5.051901340484619]
[1.2170848846435547]
[1.747368574142456]
[1.8238390684127808]
[9.775967597961426]
[8.489694595336914]
[23.68585968017578]
[12.21753215789795]
[75.60112762451172]
[1.6840444803237915]
[324.92352294921875]
[16.435775756835938]
[10.173604965209961]
[1.6373991966247559]
[1.0163816213607788]
[6.126370906829834]
[7.00798225402832]
[1045.8270263671875]
[2.73994779586792]
[2.4718496799468994]
[0.7614622712135315]
[14.119034767150879]
[1.306058645248413]
[2.220485210418701]
[42.8887939453125]
[48.51555252075195]
[8.164495468139648]
[38.07148361206055]
[6.227667808532715]
[3.0851378440856934]
[4.080469608306885]
[12.412854194641113]
[38.438438415527344]
[6.80696964263916]
[182.2403564453125]
[0.2531653344631195]
[612.2943115234375]
[18.020843505859375]
[0.4678634703159332]
[2.72813081741333]
[0.09491604566574097]
[8.215826034545898]
[15.616532325744629]
[0.8618921041488647]
[7.691446304321289]
[0.8905010223388672]
[1.7654362916946411]
[10.756379127502441]
[0.8197999000549316]
[7.091934680938721]
[2.2679362297058105]
[5.227142333984375]
[2.4704267978668213]
[20.42108726501465]
[6.868513107299805]
[2.432532548904419]
[13.490538597106934]
[19.513816833496094]
[0.6404434442520142]
[0.8924481272697449]
[3.349196195602417]
[2.7564163208007812]
[58.34186553955078]
[222.59197998046875]
[18.967592239379883]
[1.9180694818496704]
[24.639116287231445]
[5.732620716094971]
[3.0335025787353516]
[7.545205116271973]
[2.953599214553833]
[0.7316412329673767]
[1.5618709325790405]
[30.4760799407959]
[3.7057039737701416]
[21.60245132446289]
[5.846401214599609]
[0.9291029572486877]
[1.6466554403305054]
[19.329021453857422]
[15.137450218200684]
[1.6160774230957031]
[27.761899948120117]
[87.6443862915039]
[8.96569538116455]
[0.3625118136405945]
[17.657819747924805]
[6.232458591461182]
[7.2555694580078125]
[4.130774974822998]
[3.9391067028045654]
[0.23469112813472748]
[7.864536285400391]
[6.638126850128174]
[121.43781280517578]
[26.288557052612305]
[10.342584609985352]
[132.55787658691406]
[0.7565147280693054]
[4.676262378692627]
[4.379212856292725]
[15.784392356872559]
[3.7351346015930176]
[2.7314062118530273]
[0.46187955141067505]
[2.887871742248535]
[5.2420854568481445]
[1.8512767553329468]
[4.09114933013916]
[7.137685775756836]
[13.103524208068848]
[0.029733791947364807]
[6.802928447723389]
[27.004182815551758]
[5.551417350769043]
[5.250922679901123]
[2.5050041675567627]
[1.6865718364715576]
[206.00042724609375]
[846.4254760742188]
[1.4430721998214722]
[2.2434916496276855]
[2.3168768882751465]
[5.271463394165039]
[16.030900955200195]
[17.716781616210938]
[0.9390912055969238]
[13.729199409484863]
[0.9951010942459106]
[68.13689422607422]
[9.456372261047363]
[2.9426450729370117]
[63.60087966918945]
[4.828439712524414]
[11.936473846435547]
[20.46010398864746]
[153.3413848876953]
[88.643310546875]
[6.027772903442383]
[224.65005493164062]
[5.088204860687256]
[0.22772496938705444]
[19.110628128051758]
[1.8331390619277954]
[5.69915771484375]
[33.35593032836914]
[19.00844383239746]
[150.54843139648438]
[132.44236755371094]
[2.9601340293884277]
[8.836128234863281]
[3.4227983951568604]
[69.63088989257812]
[76.0999984741211]
[0.18723052740097046]
[10.554564476013184]
[13.007774353027344]
[8.375781059265137]
[0.9893462657928467]
[1.8066818714141846]
[3.513284683227539]
[436.4414978027344]
[7.969890117645264]
[12.292750358581543]
[5.349936008453369]
[0.3076535165309906]
[2.149592876434326]
[1.5490672588348389]
[0.7512056827545166]
[8.603580474853516]
[1.6756936311721802]
[143.69049072265625]
[3.016113519668579]
[42.81405258178711]
[67.22758483886719]
[33.553348541259766]
[9.935859680175781]
[28.516035079956055]
[1.7966870069503784]
[4.111471176147461]
[6.921750545501709]
[1.5709526538848877]
[5.742115497589111]
[3.2538301944732666]
[5.475806713104248]
[528.4215698242188]
[1.5153042078018188]
[6.137838840484619]
[28.649099349975586]
[31.331527709960938]
[9.892973899841309]
[1.2453646659851074]
[297.67742919921875]
[7.920530796051025]
[0.7569600939750671]
[27.56088638305664]
[5.515539169311523]
[6.240428447723389]
[270.10333251953125]
[2.7360382080078125]
[12.786541938781738]
[24.673444747924805]
[4.7565836906433105]
[12.66043472290039]
[96.95248413085938]
[2.380234956741333]
[9.445590019226074]
[71.27416229248047]
[7.137918472290039]
[11.942160606384277]
[3.042618751525879]
[6.6676106452941895]
[21.871623992919922]
[4.244982719421387]
[1.4349637031555176]
[254.1031494140625]
[0.7510414123535156]
[219.3496856689453]
[0.6815149188041687]
[34.44627380371094]
[2.891900062561035]
[3.360125780105591]
[8.06692123413086]
[7.227114677429199]
[5.367801666259766]
[2.7996459007263184]
[6.974128246307373]
[8.351049423217773]
[59.04143524169922]
[1.4585506916046143]
[0.42565563321113586]
[3.605548620223999]
[0.9378337860107422]
[3.0587995052337646]
[11.454973220825195]
[0.0632455050945282]
[5.3159284591674805]
[2.8607726097106934]
[3.2564804553985596]
[452.1131591796875]
[200.3138427734375]
[3.109029769897461]
[1.0530552864074707]
[3.3605759143829346]
[1.7957332134246826]
[0.8724989891052246]
[39.215904235839844]
[935.6691284179688]
[0.16660469770431519]
[600.0772094726562]
[5.7183308601379395]
[4.654118061065674]
[31.22072982788086]
[24.172119140625]
[2.9713690280914307]
[3.6080541610717773]
[5.597038745880127]
[16.248319625854492]
[6.414291858673096]
[0.7318910956382751]
[12.343221664428711]
[15.633790016174316]
[20.406824111938477]
[4.796360969543457]
[5.143657684326172]
[5.684847354888916]
[11.607117652893066]
[5.3394317626953125]
[1.9256200790405273]
[2.2641472816467285]
[3.8688712120056152]
[6.075439453125]
[53.47871398925781]
[0.2478635460138321]
[1.416754961013794]
[2.398115873336792]
[1.0330688953399658]
[22.306894302368164]
[2.21382737159729]
[3.9612412452697754]
[8.893526077270508]
[144.04376220703125]
[5.537534236907959]
[1.7427793741226196]
[0.842345654964447]
[18.029523849487305]
[4.557983875274658]
[88.07801055908203]
[201.0373077392578]
[0.9773700833320618]
[7.628749370574951]
[5.338193893432617]
[1.5928906202316284]
[1.6905080080032349]
[5.1750335693359375]
[0.741899847984314]
[4.228282928466797]
[0.13608688116073608]
[130.61639404296875]
[5.272430419921875]
[0.12619078159332275]
[0.8135080933570862]
[3.9113552570343018]
[0.7514849305152893]
[3.821178674697876]
[3.5622637271881104]
[0.4255825877189636]
[3.5368459224700928]
[60.69356918334961]
[0.44923821091651917]
[1.8601782321929932]
[0.30988356471061707]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[6.323568344116211]
[3.755070209503174]
[3.3392693996429443]
[156.79977416992188]
[5.503818988800049]
[3.2127935886383057]
[1.5700515508651733]
[4.252513408660889]
[159.702392578125]
[3.4759044647216797]
[2.40205454826355]
[6.466193199157715]
[0.7364161014556885]
[5.5470404624938965]
[1.4089547395706177]
[4.24905252456665]
[1.2058231830596924]
[4.028702259063721]
[10.764252662658691]
[1.590613842010498]
[5.103982448577881]
[3.5841376781463623]
[1.9141463041305542]
[8.963399887084961]
[1.0131911039352417]
[21.916078567504883]
[0.7236671447753906]
[0.9768269062042236]
[12.32253646850586]
[374.0575866699219]
[4.547164440155029]
[64.1308822631836]
[189.1502685546875]
[4.631788730621338]
[1.7498277425765991]
[0.6115856766700745]
[12.063275337219238]
[3.964956283569336]
[66.01374816894531]
[8.353763580322266]
[2.504462242126465]
[2.1835880279541016]
[3.2363202571868896]
[3.908413887023926]
[5.710904598236084]
[99.26245880126953]
[4.738834857940674]
[1.0529893636703491]
[32.80897903442383]
[15.957366943359375]
[581.851806640625]
[47.586769104003906]
[5.016581058502197]
[0.46309593319892883]
[8.762136459350586]
[1.7434496879577637]
[1.4247546195983887]
[1.675839900970459]
[4.4475860595703125]
[6.401443004608154]
[449.4349670410156]
[13.922220230102539]
[2.136183261871338]
[4.246631622314453]
[15.402444839477539]
[4.125515937805176]
[25.5875301361084]
[3.3783223628997803]
[0.032839369028806686]
[0.822945773601532]
[1.8166499137878418]
[12.083346366882324]
[4.032331466674805]
[1.187162160873413]
[5.225612163543701]
[0.7087720632553101]
[40.373470306396484]
[0.9634460210800171]
[0.7580053210258484]
[21.550519943237305]
[0.1325802206993103]
[0.19320917129516602]
[4.777329921722412]
[19.9204044342041]
[5.730069160461426]
[3.2037100791931152]
[1.559141993522644]
[14.359267234802246]
[3.097437858581543]
[2.2495346069335938]
[1.5103890895843506]
[4.939321994781494]
[3.0124270915985107]
[5.335068225860596]
[2.221278667449951]
[6.542945384979248]
[5.942196846008301]
[14.263476371765137]
[0.7581954002380371]
[5.318021297454834]
[6.221691131591797]
[2.0704407691955566]
[0.34923255443573]
[0.0635628029704094]
[1.060264229774475]
[28.901315689086914]
[29.852750778198242]
[7.381673812866211]
[12.77792739868164]
[3.3500618934631348]
[27.349863052368164]
[2.218275308609009]
[1.618440866470337]
[1.052344799041748]
[1.3877755403518677]
[3.691168785095215]
[20.210918426513672]
[2.5316808223724365]
[4.6006999015808105]
[7.516778469085693]
[3.6446144580841064]
[3.9601705074310303]
[5.156259536743164]
[31.996864318847656]
[32.313236236572266]
[1.8397929668426514]
[0.6958656907081604]
[3.8018710613250732]
[62.002044677734375]
[1.4800715446472168]
[3.2881112098693848]
[13.226292610168457]
[4.331377029418945]
[1.9869413375854492]
[9.645894050598145]
[1.1521236896514893]
[21.508447647094727]
[5.243164539337158]
[272.8428955078125]
[312.3519592285156]
[15.323437690734863]
[3.806947708129883]
[121.31529998779297]
[7.031879425048828]
[4.707643985748291]
[0.031069956719875336]
[4.805478096008301]
[1.4926623106002808]
[2.054248332977295]
[7.533505439758301]
[0.691089391708374]
[3.205019950866699]
[2.2575631141662598]
[3.1551949977874756]
[5.6076741218566895]
[0.5948056578636169]
[7.550957202911377]
[4.872758865356445]
[162.10157775878906]
[3.6943295001983643]
[4.612105369567871]
[20.515884399414062]
[817.25732421875]
[1.3879008293151855]
[3.6561837196350098]
[152.70278930664062]
[0.0748312696814537]
[2.70103120803833]
[150.03712463378906]
[0.7138912081718445]
[26.164766311645508]
[2.6788458824157715]
[51.889259338378906]
[2.912614345550537]
[5.246811389923096]
[4.802492141723633]
[7.362441539764404]
[0.795356810092926]
[19.129037857055664]
[2.7570972442626953]
[23.391555786132812]
[13.714974403381348]
[284.0108947753906]
[3.3371875286102295]
[7.274858474731445]
[44.403934478759766]
[7.984627723693848]
[3.3294763565063477]
[1.4421011209487915]
[4.587101936340332]
[2.4006869792938232]
[135.79946899414062]
[85.38975524902344]
[95.03498840332031]
[9.277624130249023]
[1.086672306060791]
[2.216165065765381]
[2.3406076431274414]
[608.2697143554688]
[131.79776000976562]
[45.16954040527344]
[374.75433349609375]
[53.73298263549805]
[2.2790021896362305]
[392.91363525390625]
[0.8850643634796143]
[1.0008642673492432]
[2.9383656978607178]
[5.251321792602539]
[172.3909149169922]
[43.36223602294922]
[0.7278693318367004]
[4.04581356048584]
[4.924184322357178]
[2.6624984741210938]
[10.139800071716309]
[0.9000229835510254]
[2.1936087608337402]
[12.689888000488281]
[0.72871994972229]
[11.896740913391113]
[2.406628370285034]
[0.9375758171081543]
[121.18962860107422]
[2.3078396320343018]
[5.369563579559326]
[3.0708467960357666]
[2.0872743129730225]
[4.513556003570557]
[13.0530424118042]
[0.2085948884487152]
[10.443071365356445]
[2.5435030460357666]
[7.497269153594971]
[14.12837028503418]
[14.72891616821289]
[10.754132270812988]
[1.9692856073379517]
[7.487244129180908]
[37.50217819213867]
[0.31963399052619934]
[2.7557058334350586]
[1.1204758882522583]
[1.6868935823440552]
[6.704488754272461]
[1.5615206956863403]
[18.488632202148438]
[706.990478515625]
[13.871293067932129]
[2.398165702819824]
[31.389558792114258]
[2.9323554039001465]
[0.9335569739341736]
[179.08201599121094]
[4.282193183898926]
[0.32629042863845825]
[5.836375713348389]
[2.1025092601776123]
[2.82827091217041]
[0.1459655463695526]
[0.7573340535163879]
[5.858950614929199]
[5.066765308380127]
[518.053466796875]
[8.903075218200684]
[49.476165771484375]
[1.9553033113479614]
[1.0690808296203613]
[10.632503509521484]
[0.36949166655540466]
[3.2542946338653564]
[1.9652377367019653]
[8.976608276367188]
[9.474774360656738]
[13.231759071350098]
[1.4100334644317627]
[6.146059989929199]
[11.168465614318848]
[41.975154876708984]
[5.548520565032959]
[2.3260457515716553]
[0.8026308417320251]
[1.426210641860962]
[1.7807867527008057]
[478.1543273925781]
[2.023266553878784]
[1.4616689682006836]
[9.664578437805176]
[5.219975471496582]
[2.1645193099975586]
[1.8968101739883423]
[2.6522116661071777]
[7.8467583656311035]
[27.222436904907227]
[14.517219543457031]
[10.601545333862305]
[2.6567623615264893]
[1.3641386032104492]
[4.88830041885376]
[2.4559853076934814]
[17.01753807067871]
[3.323216438293457]
[1.5263797044754028]
[7.108123779296875]
[20.187227249145508]
[3.581913948059082]
[4.3120598793029785]
[1.6247471570968628]
[3.738132953643799]
[14.362585067749023]
[14.361808776855469]
[3.7279632091522217]
[4.486180782318115]
[7.002883434295654]
[2.322437047958374]
[1.0510830879211426]
[5.9351959228515625]
[5.794154167175293]
[5.946773529052734]
[20.070632934570312]
[22.86758804321289]
[2.3171401023864746]
[334.547607421875]
[45.614662170410156]
[21.497133255004883]
[23.800832748413086]
[0.272956907749176]
[2.653076171875]
[13.617585182189941]
[0.3665083944797516]
[21.269493103027344]
[1.7280915975570679]
[78.67198181152344]
[2.9593276977539062]
[2.18344783782959]
[22.540220260620117]
[6.646483898162842]
[5.9437127113342285]
[3.5781829357147217]
[105.86216735839844]
[3.288142681121826]
[1.078097939491272]
[4.605348110198975]
[25.97274398803711]
[6.867012977600098]
[69.4330825805664]
[8.599233627319336]
[12.661142349243164]
[2.9778409004211426]
[6.740912914276123]
[2.3674187660217285]
[20.970355987548828]
[11.71398639678955]
[135.50128173828125]
[12.206016540527344]
[0.3251725733280182]
[5.6792707443237305]
[1.6876320838928223]
[126.27562713623047]
[131.0701904296875]
[4.2115912437438965]
[2.9138083457946777]
[1.538252353668213]
[2.805773973464966]
[0.18159013986587524]
[13.498124122619629]
[0.1997956484556198]
[7.361497402191162]
[20.79422378540039]
[2.7237730026245117]
[8.780560493469238]
[100.93697357177734]
[24.09770965576172]
[1.5083096027374268]
[1.2911921739578247]
[2.6749298572540283]
[0.6682922840118408]
[6.511232376098633]
[1.1666909456253052]
[16.160245895385742]
[9.954499244689941]
[1.2022902965545654]
[1.1558245420455933]
[6.625450611114502]
[2.0559966564178467]
[1.604783058166504]
[0.10616359859704971]
[0.559417724609375]
[22.218250274658203]
[13.906549453735352]
[3.843257188796997]
[6.229547023773193]
[261.9339904785156]
[80.98002624511719]
[0.7100827097892761]
[1.7198904752731323]
[1.3240797519683838]
[2.0176913738250732]
[0.7009070515632629]
[174.97251892089844]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.8696823120117188]
[31.455368041992188]
[8.23473834991455]
[15.077447891235352]
[3.2678637504577637]
[3.0817031860351562]
[2.907352924346924]
[1.9039230346679688]
[12.526267051696777]
[0.25934281945228577]
[35.1545524597168]
[2.333301305770874]
[609.3056640625]
[1.0762425661087036]
[1.321334958076477]
[22.118410110473633]
[7.247944355010986]
[0.7085518836975098]
[0.14290381968021393]
[4.406226634979248]
[2.005753517150879]
[3.2140579223632812]
[1.167911410331726]
[6.621006965637207]
[0.06276986747980118]
[27.508777618408203]
[2.10321307182312]
[936.3499755859375]
[19.481908798217773]
[0.8491935729980469]
[590.0315551757812]
[14.237765312194824]
[29.174020767211914]
[1.6894636154174805]
[1.0215333700180054]
[35.13189697265625]
[2.39837908744812]
[78.54635620117188]
[4.7190375328063965]
[1.3482447862625122]
[10.360464096069336]
[19.197107315063477]
[1.8155747652053833]
[5.910173416137695]
[20.38851547241211]
[5.69923210144043]
[17.31515884399414]
[1.9817126989364624]
[1.3733634948730469]
[0.6668083071708679]
[10.02192211151123]
[0.14517341554164886]
[3.5897743701934814]
[22.975662231445312]
[4.623586654663086]
[271.1291198730469]
[1.3058838844299316]
[1.0299535989761353]
[16.04192543029785]
[76.61383056640625]
[3.768845319747925]
[11.540624618530273]
[4.237164497375488]
[16.958223342895508]
[10.5046968460083]
[2.780000925064087]
[12.922355651855469]
[9.506787300109863]
[0.9002543687820435]
[20.02874755859375]
[113.3058853149414]
[8.79570484161377]
[22.48175621032715]
[3.7209861278533936]
[8.457616806030273]
[25.54415512084961]
[9.29831314086914]
[0.6852253675460815]
[3.034193754196167]
[1.3469847440719604]
[11.443676948547363]
[4.975758075714111]
[1.0727452039718628]
[3.8285186290740967]
[5.465721607208252]
[9.634471893310547]
[2.6987297534942627]
[0.6751821041107178]
[7.464449405670166]
[107.72826385498047]
[3.498446464538574]
[76.21672058105469]
[3.9653501510620117]
[136.6334991455078]
[141.9261016845703]
[7.0130815505981445]
[0.7479885220527649]
[1.1628389358520508]
[6.539620399475098]
[0.6379635334014893]
[8.589836120605469]
[3.343557119369507]
[5.6736931800842285]
[1.330849051475525]
[5.215491771697998]
[0.0827886313199997]
[1.0326570272445679]
[2.27390718460083]
[176.6905517578125]
[10.331914901733398]
[9.559770584106445]
[15.680877685546875]
[3.7363169193267822]
[6.0184006690979]
[3.4469895362854004]
[1.3659393787384033]
[1.758249044418335]
[6.743471145629883]
[1.2512640953063965]
[9.404343605041504]
[0.830849826335907]
[8.007865905761719]
[3.709688663482666]
[42.97602462768555]
[141.2078399658203]
[1.1292927265167236]
[2.7783925533294678]
[4.852084636688232]
[2.0022759437561035]
[0.34141895174980164]
[4.164246082305908]
[13.168700218200684]
[381.8739318847656]
[1.2176357507705688]
[21.845117568969727]
[20.546098709106445]
[12.87385368347168]
[9.761902809143066]
[4.610626697540283]
[4.275979042053223]
[20.824913024902344]
[1.4643398523330688]
[3.3707525730133057]
[2.8454854488372803]
[8.004478454589844]
[0.8452203869819641]
[124.4904556274414]
[11.887084007263184]
[0.14773744344711304]
[28.829557418823242]
[2.839080810546875]
[5.908294200897217]
[6.5178914070129395]
[0.8966041803359985]
[11.21163558959961]
[5.4279303550720215]
[2.686455011367798]
[0.2928858995437622]
[3.2458291053771973]
[5.870864391326904]
[0.743337869644165]
[4.084396839141846]
[5.5204243659973145]
[4.6871418952941895]
[2.075273036956787]
[5.197484016418457]
[0.9418361783027649]
[547.9404907226562]
[9.78640365600586]
[564.6224975585938]
[1.097103238105774]
[1.7966809272766113]
[4.057735443115234]
[5.040290355682373]
[8.341415405273438]
[1.5045701265335083]
[17.443696975708008]
[3.4361467361450195]
[13.317061424255371]
[6.422910690307617]
[3.775629997253418]
[23.31644058227539]
[27.79279136657715]
[28.139020919799805]
[11.676926612854004]
[0.8652321696281433]
[19.1098575592041]
[11.925314903259277]
[18.28687286376953]
[10.135668754577637]
[60.27705383300781]
[74.67752075195312]
[3.5363292694091797]
[198.11837768554688]
[1.436471700668335]
[1.643870234489441]
[18.874134063720703]
[2.5036134719848633]
[1.6614478826522827]
[28.136463165283203]
[221.85546875]
[81.34346008300781]
[2.3625779151916504]
[3.082378625869751]
[96.2550277709961]
[1.9573118686676025]
[12.427800178527832]
[2.551400661468506]
[22.314464569091797]
[5.86415958404541]
[7.2515645027160645]
[17.560062408447266]
[0.9979763627052307]
[677.591064453125]
[94.95044708251953]
[613.822021484375]
[3.025350332260132]
[156.69114685058594]
[13.054510116577148]
[96.14091491699219]
[3.5585544109344482]
[2.0884652137756348]
[1.5211398601531982]
[437.46173095703125]
[12.42530632019043]
[1.0686523914337158]
[237.0955047607422]
[4.969676971435547]
[10.554141998291016]
[1.8068041801452637]
[2.718383550643921]
[9.578230857849121]
[3.520564079284668]
[15.091963768005371]
[8.502038955688477]
[0.17384479939937592]
[2.0951247215270996]
[41.0423698425293]
[5.677768707275391]
[3.5306777954101562]
[7.398870944976807]
[0.2580054998397827]
[2.5074520111083984]
[3.4452013969421387]
[9.433100700378418]
[0.6214196681976318]
[7.273733139038086]
[13.7728853225708]
[0.971907377243042]
[0.5813276767730713]
[0.8778378963470459]
[1.0831581354141235]
[13.142426490783691]
[3.8461925983428955]
[14.975203514099121]
[5.284611701965332]
[22.764463424682617]
[2.363654136657715]
[6.754560947418213]
[5.638698101043701]
[8.061678886413574]
[5.673610687255859]
[8.730350494384766]
[16.96405601501465]
[7.303057670593262]
[7.6298723220825195]
[2.640411376953125]
[0.14111776649951935]
[1.3975411653518677]
[23.944164276123047]
[1.02097749710083]
[0.9853695631027222]
[119.70594787597656]
[2.8284173011779785]
[7.4911417961120605]
[0.21251298487186432]
[1.3511474132537842]
[20.808923721313477]
[0.8315303921699524]
[2.929666042327881]
[30.696699142456055]
[606.3978271484375]
[13.968279838562012]
[2.9943923950195312]
[1.5430904626846313]
[3.472717523574829]
[1.2577004432678223]
[6.857964992523193]
[9.16383171081543]
[8.98244857788086]
[11.934662818908691]
[20.82323455810547]
[1.466660737991333]
[225.2077178955078]
[0.8546384572982788]
[0.5080461502075195]
[0.8331729173660278]
[12.706971168518066]
[6.113028049468994]
[2.052015781402588]
[148.83143615722656]
[3.0923943519592285]
[0.7466630339622498]
[3.644551992416382]
[79.46026611328125]
[1.1629904508590698]
[3.710495710372925]
[0.4443373382091522]
[1.2566336393356323]
[425.14288330078125]
[2.072237491607666]
[3.124476671218872]
[2.601593017578125]
[104.06456756591797]
[0.9574947357177734]
[10.29317855834961]
[10.042012214660645]
[1.4381715059280396]
[0.610314667224884]
[1.5317482948303223]
[0.5754299759864807]
[0.5023249983787537]
[151.27008056640625]
[0.3232177793979645]
[5.086123943328857]
[23.16193389892578]
[379.3940124511719]
[3.5630576610565186]
[3.4064736366271973]
[1.6014049053192139]
[125.05851745605469]
[11.133153915405273]
[26.48271942138672]
[84.7676773071289]
[1.1870824098587036]
[36.82924270629883]
[2.3458921909332275]
[3.2985002994537354]
[14.365400314331055]
[40.898956298828125]
[16.51693344116211]
[12.822802543640137]
[6.455850124359131]
[20.163490295410156]
[165.13185119628906]
[3.882009983062744]
[15.868203163146973]
[0.186033234000206]
[0.9468806982040405]
[7.848026275634766]
[0.6837378740310669]
[0.18496032059192657]
[2.4505221843719482]
[2.4626379013061523]
[8.660862922668457]
[2.1747052669525146]
[0.6707180142402649]
[1.4665957689285278]
[2.2153637409210205]
[3.5306451320648193]
[1.4465457201004028]
[7.3427324295043945]
[20.208820343017578]
[13.079634666442871]
[1.3955161571502686]
[1.2875994443893433]
[0.4127189517021179]
[8.265589714050293]
[20.965164184570312]
[1.4968647956848145]
[15.547080039978027]
[14.40968132019043]
[20.025482177734375]
[5.926639556884766]
[265.4292907714844]
[3.0118494033813477]
[3.6927151679992676]
[14.798763275146484]
[170.79591369628906]
[2.536736249923706]
[682.4118041992188]
[14.568358421325684]
[6.867098808288574]
[1098.7484130859375]
[2.572253942489624]
[0.26980000734329224]
[0.12674319744110107]
[2.813965082168579]
[1.44731867313385]
[4.9926018714904785]
[2.9294087886810303]
[14.268747329711914]
[1.8305745124816895]
[30.540998458862305]
[9.03280258178711]
[21.853174209594727]
[1.5563336610794067]
[1.5223153829574585]
[3.76385498046875]
[8.110538482666016]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[11.997984886169434]
[1.151110053062439]
[0.6212614178657532]
[4.9362287521362305]
[9.553116798400879]
[2.3479974269866943]
[6.98731803894043]
[12.16400146484375]
[0.4456150531768799]
[3.995387554168701]
[465.0387878417969]
[146.9705047607422]
[82.20263671875]
[15.796039581298828]
[1.9489834308624268]
[14.718815803527832]
[2.6301984786987305]
[3.131335496902466]
[0.22230207920074463]
[3.8965728282928467]
[6.531387805938721]
[26.226896286010742]
[2.033255100250244]
[1.6107712984085083]
[36.40678405761719]
[2.917318820953369]
[15.085367202758789]
[7.152289390563965]
[1.7756569385528564]
[43.468116760253906]
[1.3763782978057861]
[12.429579734802246]
[28.138355255126953]
[1.565468430519104]
[88.44129943847656]
[2.611569881439209]
[1.3236347436904907]
[12.501055717468262]
[1.3487975597381592]
[0.931725025177002]
[3.4402499198913574]
[13.146052360534668]
[9.219734191894531]
[10.211925506591797]
[6.923577308654785]
[13.981584548950195]
[0.7218729257583618]
[14.554378509521484]
[7.896389961242676]
[7.059762954711914]
[112.4151840209961]
[20.02412223815918]
[416.095703125]
[2.091658592224121]
[13.726365089416504]
[12.719682693481445]
[24.867700576782227]
[90.42718505859375]
[0.2263300120830536]
[2.83101749420166]
[419.6863708496094]
[3.088540554046631]
[4.931758880615234]
[0.661033570766449]
[2.06510329246521]
[131.18406677246094]
[9.647774696350098]
[26.406457901000977]
[22.468996047973633]
[2.9196181297302246]
[268.30010986328125]
[2.823915719985962]
[0.919093906879425]
[140.54530334472656]
[5.430168628692627]
[2.165562629699707]
[144.7956085205078]
[3.4405345916748047]
[71.49894714355469]
[0.8977863192558289]
[6.679670810699463]
[866.6146240234375]
[242.93829345703125]
[159.46456909179688]
[8.926647186279297]
[200.6976776123047]
[1.6639600992202759]
[12.359452247619629]
[18.962549209594727]
[9.308880805969238]
[3.38112211227417]
[5.360071182250977]
[12.873682022094727]
[11.4938325881958]
[5.112859725952148]
[11.496196746826172]
[3.55167818069458]
[17.003822326660156]
[3.3409829139709473]
[6.416913032531738]
[6.917375564575195]
[2.7717926502227783]
[4.400345802307129]
[25.38223648071289]
[3.425384521484375]
[1.0622321367263794]
[2.6071953773498535]
[2.590341091156006]
[3.0215747356414795]
[5.743923187255859]
[5.313644886016846]
[2.6846251487731934]
[2.167456865310669]
[6.2981367111206055]
[13.600661277770996]
[8.727193832397461]
[6.44757080078125]
[0.6694069504737854]
[4.875596523284912]
[1.9369893074035645]
[6.998394966125488]
[99.88943481445312]
[4.747403144836426]
[48.853797912597656]
[1.1079763174057007]
[140.60494995117188]
[4.598000526428223]
[3.8660941123962402]
[15.35089111328125]
[0.9088188409805298]
[17.454675674438477]
[6.860661029815674]
[3.7817025184631348]
[10.190540313720703]
[15.979615211486816]
[9.788951873779297]
[9.848695755004883]
[95.50947570800781]
[28.61823272705078]
[0.5084587931632996]
[13.915706634521484]
[19.916458129882812]
[0.14657673239707947]
[12.241935729980469]
[1.167829155921936]
[3.314317226409912]
[0.5107859969139099]
[0.6388497352600098]
[1.342332124710083]
[4.223371505737305]
[21.88470458984375]
[32.122989654541016]
[1.052206039428711]
[24.086633682250977]
[14.459648132324219]
[11.969395637512207]
[2.0950660705566406]
[5.704844951629639]
[4.003020763397217]
[128.42572021484375]
[3.2440924644470215]
[17.722209930419922]
[0.21028198301792145]
[3.1977438926696777]
[18.554140090942383]
[837.693359375]
[104.18563842773438]
[1.3428057432174683]
[1.2064377069473267]
[8.909811973571777]
[21.532087326049805]
[15.490326881408691]
[2.721585750579834]
[8.493796348571777]
[4.631883144378662]
[3.5976903438568115]
[72.94660949707031]
[5.781214714050293]
[123.59123992919922]
[15.8207426071167]
[5.104860782623291]
[3.5223193168640137]
[0.15770433843135834]
[8.912765502929688]
[0.30582404136657715]
[3.3207857608795166]
[1.7542420625686646]
[3.5976085662841797]
[1.2755484580993652]
[4.157343864440918]
[25.49456024169922]
[7.551754951477051]
[0.8245678544044495]
[0.7483954429626465]
[8.430015563964844]
[0.1721094697713852]
[1.6517975330352783]
[10.791877746582031]
[5.437873363494873]
[2.547945499420166]
[1.9492846727371216]
[7.307529926300049]
[90.41242980957031]
[44.6424674987793]
[466.6134033203125]
[5.376591205596924]
[109.40835571289062]
[0.08282937109470367]
[0.7162436842918396]
[10.361433029174805]
[0.17047563195228577]
[35.251102447509766]
[0.7839973568916321]
[21.342870712280273]
[0.7883250713348389]
[0.7993926405906677]
[2.553560256958008]
[0.2633360028266907]
[1.5470696687698364]
[240.45794677734375]
[5.607194900512695]
[0.11457408964633942]
[1.7639280557632446]
[1.9784871339797974]
[2.4717137813568115]
[0.3925541937351227]
[1.6133099794387817]
[1.0054043531417847]
[1.6925524473190308]
[6.777655124664307]
[2.6825149059295654]
[3.0289647579193115]
[1.33251953125]
[29.144935607910156]
[3.7573540210723877]
[1.5814943313598633]
[3.4629528522491455]
[0.04312879592180252]
[3.196697473526001]
[140.815185546875]
[5.3165788650512695]
[11.653314590454102]
[1.057544231414795]
[2.3044393062591553]
[13.87619400024414]
[0.6802738904953003]
[32.82643127441406]
[3.549229621887207]
[2.8680996894836426]
[3.941401958465576]
[332.63336181640625]
[2.8392632007598877]
[4.369548320770264]
[38.6788215637207]
[2.8825836181640625]
[0.695949375629425]
[0.6160085201263428]
[2.0936849117279053]
[14.781235694885254]
[1.0620927810668945]
[3.122389793395996]
[4.337610721588135]
[10.512543678283691]
[3.7148306369781494]
[27.766071319580078]
[7.5372490882873535]
[8.438650131225586]
[17.16362762451172]
[0.45642128586769104]
[3.6524887084960938]
[11.536816596984863]
[3.7747344970703125]
[3.858874797821045]
[2.5479307174682617]
[11.752799034118652]
[15.712416648864746]
[0.5330217480659485]
[2.263867139816284]
[15.742417335510254]
[65.64188385009766]
[0.6921017169952393]
[2.964621067047119]
[5.238185405731201]
[0.8551350235939026]
[0.38510653376579285]
[3.5777945518493652]
[93.36585998535156]
[10.288761138916016]
[6.362184047698975]
[19.527711868286133]
[5.159567356109619]
[0.3401629626750946]
[9.601247787475586]
[13.020829200744629]
[19.920154571533203]
[0.6783556342124939]
[618.805908203125]
[11.176888465881348]
[3.3904716968536377]
[2.909639358520508]
[1.5237716436386108]
[0.7451506853103638]
[11.80095100402832]
[3.6555750370025635]
[239.25747680664062]
[162.8470916748047]
[138.7723388671875]
[13.094695091247559]
[29.295486450195312]
[1.0755761861801147]
[20.798067092895508]
[18.611051559448242]
[8.149662971496582]
[4.6021623611450195]
[0.04459349066019058]
[2.6083974838256836]
[12.420154571533203]
[1.1030808687210083]
[2.143909215927124]
[0.6779484748840332]
[95.40010070800781]
[0.8721601366996765]
[2.2381560802459717]
[7.6904425621032715]
[1.4995300769805908]
[7.09824275970459]
[9.17491626739502]
[4.678136825561523]
[472.7481994628906]
[2.2705307006835938]
[637.032470703125]
[2.3567488193511963]
[0.09143050014972687]
[7.944591045379639]
[7.658080577850342]
[0.6383039355278015]
[8.719152450561523]
[11.318442344665527]
[0.21194374561309814]
[14.439179420471191]
[1.0568993091583252]
[161.4712371826172]
[74.05406951904297]
[17.180421829223633]
[33.360862731933594]
[6.269554615020752]
[1.3327865600585938]
[142.45895385742188]
[91.2853775024414]
[7.048067092895508]
[8.100988388061523]
[16.483457565307617]
[1.2625324726104736]
[3.414405584335327]
[0.8640478253364563]
[484.7869873046875]
[10.763191223144531]
[8.987598419189453]
[3.760401725769043]
[150.1082000732422]
[10.05490779876709]
[3.1043758392333984]
[4.287011623382568]
[149.6923065185547]
[3.0590736865997314]
[4.545438766479492]
[1.1203800439834595]
[51.13026809692383]
[26.947832107543945]
[150.49977111816406]
[8.335638999938965]
[2.4028279781341553]
[0.2009885609149933]
[9.534414291381836]
[12.815176963806152]
[11.991218566894531]
[1.8235602378845215]
[4.127943515777588]
[2.3245203495025635]
[6.798348426818848]
[44.806785583496094]
[18.587383270263672]
[1.8179887533187866]
[5.273080348968506]
[3.5532302856445312]
[0.11275655776262283]
[14.603460311889648]
[1.7375082969665527]
[5.37071418762207]
[29.42070960998535]
[1.0590349435806274]
[2.9677884578704834]
[0.5789584517478943]
[0.1901136189699173]
[206.91729736328125]
[2.939960241317749]
[7.85516357421875]
[6.149782657623291]
[23.153589248657227]
[5.1236348152160645]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.574521541595459]
[1.3711416721343994]
[1.7373173236846924]
[16.654905319213867]
[137.0040740966797]
[237.91673278808594]
[1.0906184911727905]
[5.985273361206055]
[1.2843306064605713]
[1.042189359664917]
[687.3719482421875]
[177.82577514648438]
[3.952878475189209]
[33.5670280456543]
[2.350414991378784]
[5.2109694480896]
[42.34376525878906]
[5.346722602844238]
[2.922715187072754]
[3.280278205871582]
[0.8447227478027344]
[18.492107391357422]
[7.509157657623291]
[11.76900863647461]
[11.840319633483887]
[46.190216064453125]
[106.20201110839844]
[5.677357196807861]
[20.37812614440918]
[0.8445017337799072]
[6.903435707092285]
[0.4891403615474701]
[0.9588161706924438]
[1.4414042234420776]
[74.1613998413086]
[3.499058485031128]
[0.9274291396141052]
[4.031698226928711]
[117.72618103027344]
[2.9803388118743896]
[7.228774547576904]
[0.3257717192173004]
[5.165482044219971]
[2.161343812942505]
[16.61638832092285]
[0.11419029533863068]
[11.6014986038208]
[11.279443740844727]
[11.298625946044922]
[4.1726298332214355]
[8.708839416503906]
[40.1146125793457]
[1.4086384773254395]
[2.2450106143951416]
[1.2940483093261719]
[183.9324951171875]
[1.5771076679229736]
[0.8599750399589539]
[2.996399164199829]
[6.181669235229492]
[0.8662810325622559]
[0.6693340539932251]
[0.9738873243331909]
[2.264073133468628]
[1.2144595384597778]
[6.905290603637695]
[71.61541748046875]
[13.494784355163574]
[42.33888244628906]
[2.8721868991851807]
[8.153480529785156]
[7.0351433753967285]
[3.7896652221679688]
[87.77529907226562]
[1.9145408868789673]
[105.88793182373047]
[0.6233512759208679]
[606.1437377929688]
[0.3759879171848297]
[46.74143600463867]
[137.20567321777344]
[26.442340850830078]
[20.017629623413086]
[105.51471710205078]
[8.349854469299316]
[5.010194778442383]
[25.077180862426758]
[4.522550106048584]
[2.597670316696167]
[11.473215103149414]
[2.0667521953582764]
[7.898336410522461]
[5.480584621429443]
[0.15303808450698853]
[0.8110334873199463]
[14.277507781982422]
[9.55325984954834]
[17.271875381469727]
[103.73873901367188]
[1.2241203784942627]
[10.373346328735352]
[1.9641997814178467]
[0.9959490895271301]
[1.8193812370300293]
[8.696356773376465]
[30.760770797729492]
[7.385881423950195]
[125.43851470947266]
[0.981558620929718]
[2.625742197036743]
[126.71912384033203]
[3.16788387298584]
[2.9510140419006348]
[1.1994153261184692]
[1.9142183065414429]
[2.810950994491577]
[10.158355712890625]
[3.6873340606689453]
[18.184349060058594]
[1.6414597034454346]
[1.0167666673660278]
[3.2142162322998047]
[245.25857543945312]
[5.606510639190674]
[4.666713237762451]
[0.38370048999786377]
[2.076436996459961]
[2.294069766998291]
[165.00067138671875]
[3.988100051879883]
[1.2265514135360718]
[5.49118185043335]
[0.1736396998167038]
[1.1448259353637695]
[8.094511985778809]
[9.805572509765625]
[0.14469993114471436]
[44.87545394897461]
[135.33090209960938]
[2.6407668590545654]
[11.11828327178955]
[0.07154727727174759]
[1.165507197380066]
[205.84068298339844]
[2.435392379760742]
[0.9851126074790955]
[4.224893093109131]
[2.902716875076294]
[0.6612903475761414]
[0.8330395221710205]
[4.468220233917236]
[51.031917572021484]
[12.593584060668945]
[1.2099940776824951]
[7.355920314788818]
[0.6845992207527161]
[0.05856075882911682]
[3.444843053817749]
[12.8778657913208]
[4.3431878089904785]
[6.502378940582275]
[67.93004608154297]
[4.744284629821777]
[2.9484286308288574]
[7.974660873413086]
[1.4742263555526733]
[29.198938369750977]
[8.473172187805176]
[50.549564361572266]
[2.3272101879119873]
[3.6995351314544678]
[8.968222618103027]
[0.7626121044158936]
[125.0166244506836]
[2.008967399597168]
[2.5744271278381348]
[437.8223571777344]
[34.74324035644531]
[5.441934585571289]
[5.0749969482421875]
[6.524021625518799]
[2.9520058631896973]
[1.1033138036727905]
[27.054079055786133]
[0.053761959075927734]
[20.000755310058594]
[3.7630155086517334]
[3.5861151218414307]
[1.1035979986190796]
[4.083766460418701]
[324.864501953125]
[10.795628547668457]
[7.589649677276611]
[12.400847434997559]
[5.534851551055908]
[3.978436231613159]
[2.6142711639404297]
[2.443336248397827]
[4.195991516113281]
[2.684462785720825]
[1.0035078525543213]
[37.88898849487305]
[9.4450101852417]
[2.736088752746582]
[3.122147560119629]
[12.641131401062012]
[1.361996054649353]
[4.027067184448242]
[7.627260684967041]
[1.6148828268051147]
[263.9638366699219]
[5.2122368812561035]
[2.013329029083252]
[2.0951921939849854]
[0.7164008617401123]
[13.910745620727539]
[17.65636444091797]
[7.386249542236328]
[5.883941173553467]
[1.8460943698883057]
[5.23371696472168]
[0.9002884030342102]
[6.859292030334473]
[2.363461494445801]
[10.897268295288086]
[8.670293807983398]
[1.0807733535766602]
[6.830916881561279]
[0.3089904487133026]
[3.005539894104004]
[7.80198860168457]
[14.008343696594238]
[0.6413495540618896]
[9.006247520446777]
[2.8111398220062256]
[2.5310888290405273]
[0.7818130254745483]
[13.001213073730469]
[3.6207456588745117]
[1.0442321300506592]
[6.114625453948975]
[1.1005300283432007]
[5.31784725189209]
[1.7655209302902222]
[1.2366889715194702]
[15.511041641235352]
[7.871788501739502]
[0.9518072605133057]
[1.0793911218643188]
[2.5069849491119385]
[21.602460861206055]
[5.7167744636535645]
[353.1464538574219]
[40.2825927734375]
[5.501628398895264]
[2.3491172790527344]
[17.1053466796875]
[27.40374755859375]
[18.06066131591797]
[1.7600641250610352]
[3.4452033042907715]
[4.525989055633545]
[1.5060158967971802]
[28.835371017456055]
[4.120163440704346]
[3.0545358657836914]
[1.8309096097946167]
[9.573942184448242]
[2.2228455543518066]
[6.694100856781006]
[2.4642014503479004]
[0.13722091913223267]
[2.270860195159912]
[3.0613033771514893]
[4.867881774902344]
[17.53951644897461]
[0.5974003076553345]
[165.28627014160156]
[0.8863608837127686]
[0.27676519751548767]
[15.782252311706543]
[3.1096930503845215]
[1.680044412612915]
[1.5064034461975098]
[2.6660799980163574]
[4.709402561187744]
[1.0397800207138062]
[5.249091625213623]
[1.9879664182662964]
[4.697659015655518]
[11.023564338684082]
[0.19860701262950897]
[14.556968688964844]
[278.3716735839844]
[27.124757766723633]
[2.402151107788086]
[2.4179766178131104]
[16.107194900512695]
[0.05534834787249565]
[27.414779663085938]
[1.6695786714553833]
[1.5974397659301758]
[3.134769916534424]
[133.68898010253906]
[2.8581349849700928]
[2.8130099773406982]
[0.05699930712580681]
[7.218524932861328]
[11.377979278564453]
[128.04396057128906]
[2.6012167930603027]
[2.6593410968780518]
[0.8165693879127502]
[4.171187400817871]
[4.204476833343506]
[9.20011043548584]
[1.3559870719909668]
[4.635208606719971]
[21.61261749267578]
[0.981181800365448]
[5.116005897521973]
[3.7717676162719727]
[2.3245534896850586]
[3.614856004714966]
[10.434612274169922]
[0.7790102958679199]
[1.7653638124465942]
[9.912684440612793]
[23.992605209350586]
[2.6109707355499268]
[3.7411699295043945]
[183.17556762695312]
[0.7959510087966919]
[9.294818878173828]
[3.197260856628418]
[1.790505051612854]
[1.9381011724472046]
[32.86236572265625]
[44.14645004272461]
[6.727438926696777]
[21.460979461669922]
[227.50340270996094]
[5.933617115020752]
[2.231509208679199]
[196.56639099121094]
[2.8680613040924072]
[2.047146797180176]
[4.408041954040527]
[2.8267440795898438]
[2.3009727001190186]
[21.2996883392334]
[2.942847490310669]
[3.5801684856414795]
[0.7797941565513611]
[0.946776270866394]
[12.21719741821289]
[8.114460945129395]
[0.961945652961731]
[179.54611206054688]
[11.632177352905273]
[7.558570384979248]
[17.17888069152832]
[2.0526299476623535]
[18.26028823852539]
[4.837759494781494]
[14.120161056518555]
[1.6268985271453857]
[17.893775939941406]
[2.263965368270874]
[0.772624135017395]
[0.9853829145431519]
[2.648651361465454]
[3.680912494659424]
[2.7210919857025146]
[0.8937622308731079]
[13.14645004272461]
[2.1504924297332764]
[95.30681610107422]
[13.06283187866211]
[11.322473526000977]
[1.4213414192199707]
[423.00836181640625]
[0.823289155960083]
[6.7110419273376465]
[3.145495653152466]
[38.765995025634766]
[4.4182209968566895]
[8.129676818847656]
[28.742979049682617]
[2.4728684425354004]
[1.2189375162124634]
[14.476205825805664]
[0.06208760291337967]
[18.271329879760742]
[17.859865188598633]
[19.14759063720703]
[148.99462890625]
[2.7828803062438965]
[7.297208786010742]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.5896570682525635]
[2046.67822265625]
[1.7283711433410645]
[15.878138542175293]
[0.269721120595932]
[20.108572006225586]
[46.80533218383789]
[0.9332958459854126]
[3.650463581085205]
[8.423748016357422]
[18.89348602294922]
[5.808643341064453]
[0.2186441868543625]
[0.2577219009399414]
[49.689151763916016]
[3.0242645740509033]
[208.71115112304688]
[2.4751203060150146]
[78.75457763671875]
[61.09489440917969]
[369.1369934082031]
[133.4611358642578]
[4.424419403076172]
[8.008464813232422]
[5.348602771759033]
[19.294570922851562]
[3.670973539352417]
[10.629866600036621]
[2.2750747203826904]
[61.41669464111328]
[48.25953674316406]
[19.312807083129883]
[10.581204414367676]
[6.512298107147217]
[37.78326416015625]
[18.80620765686035]
[2.8914830684661865]
[21.19283676147461]
[0.8588646054267883]
[257.7890930175781]
[2.5476021766662598]
[5.3075971603393555]
[3.9278807640075684]
[1.940865159034729]
[1.697567105293274]
[6.688394069671631]
[202.29380798339844]
[23.98650550842285]
[23.76154327392578]
[5.346490859985352]
[10.458390235900879]
[27.425844192504883]
[1.1331003904342651]
[2.3087148666381836]
[14.724705696105957]
[35.48442459106445]
[1.1841150522232056]
[2.107814073562622]
[1.3301548957824707]
[5.715209484100342]
[14.84671401977539]
[0.1616368144750595]
[9.176780700683594]
[3.6710398197174072]
[289.60430908203125]
[0.9533734917640686]
[10.420125961303711]
[4.111302375793457]
[151.88917541503906]
[15.819282531738281]
[1.0179184675216675]
[0.9334191679954529]
[1.8911553621292114]
[31.985055923461914]
[2.656367301940918]
[8.562106132507324]
[5.284883499145508]
[0.9743999242782593]
[0.048606544733047485]
[21.836549758911133]
[3.4310269355773926]
[1.0968955755233765]
[22.207107543945312]
[4.032702445983887]
[20.755373001098633]
[0.47507983446121216]
[26.853382110595703]
[19.11709213256836]
[6.379576206207275]
[9.86172866821289]
[119.26168823242188]
[2.813559055328369]
[24.39232635498047]
[1.9857007265090942]
[3.6307711601257324]
[1.9317305088043213]
[6.925394058227539]
[5.309918403625488]
[7.408185958862305]
[19.945899963378906]
[18.263866424560547]
[2.7130069732666016]
[2.572908639907837]
[1.1852073669433594]
[34.397056579589844]
[1.0046557188034058]
[19.983922958374023]
[189.59486389160156]
[2.1439638137817383]
[3.41441011428833]
[2.7933173179626465]
[1.087347388267517]
[0.5998386144638062]
[1.590539574623108]
[2.985016107559204]
[2.164057493209839]
[3.042614221572876]
[1.8934967517852783]
[5.350613594055176]
[13.426383972167969]
[667.9312744140625]
[10.594853401184082]
[0.0918736532330513]
[2.075310468673706]
[11.260224342346191]
[4.302183151245117]
[19.68955421447754]
[18.163475036621094]
[8.374041557312012]
[1.1150282621383667]
[19.939794540405273]
[21.695802688598633]
[0.6581875085830688]
[0.6773113012313843]
[2.065544366836548]
[14.934220314025879]
[3.2255797386169434]
[1.1302210092544556]
[3.5721616744995117]
[87.30534362792969]
[3.2335193157196045]
[6.0556559562683105]
[2.3112189769744873]
[3.1170904636383057]
[0.638533353805542]
[16.001453399658203]
[3.255159854888916]
[26.733835220336914]
[2.951694965362549]
[32.93253707885742]
[2.3652334213256836]
[4.8163371086120605]
[6.259704113006592]
[10.390206336975098]
[24.143470764160156]
[2.900017499923706]
[4.015529632568359]
[1.6646831035614014]
[13.857813835144043]
[4.347537040710449]
[2.617922306060791]
[11.58252239227295]
[1.449472188949585]
[118.45709991455078]
[2.244049310684204]
[5.582364559173584]
[0.20526815950870514]
[15.417242050170898]
[1.3160072565078735]
[0.9195725321769714]
[1.9260656833648682]
[0.9855588674545288]
[15.552591323852539]
[0.7787123918533325]
[14.291011810302734]
[19.121828079223633]
[2.0743494033813477]
[1.7304118871688843]
[7.568634033203125]
[2.344264268875122]
[686.3046264648438]
[31.120996475219727]
[5.743686676025391]
[22.926589965820312]
[0.6073123216629028]
[6.266242504119873]
[1.822289228439331]
[0.7256235480308533]
[28.420969009399414]
[4.842638969421387]
[5.585710525512695]
[18.939271926879883]
[39.17330551147461]
[1.531105399131775]
[0.11020752787590027]
[1.4895633459091187]
[1.9024325609207153]
[2.504798412322998]
[12.615128517150879]
[0.9928624033927917]
[2.813263177871704]
[18.52764129638672]
[1.4346575736999512]
[6.676344394683838]
[7.487205982208252]
[1.7592146396636963]
[1.1608953475952148]
[0.8505029082298279]
[162.81182861328125]
[19.28699493408203]
[11.115262031555176]
[7.816896438598633]
[50.376014709472656]
[7.868535995483398]
[570.6519775390625]
[1.3227595090866089]
[20.04828453063965]
[4.2002177238464355]
[17.842811584472656]
[0.9384419918060303]
[1.303228735923767]
[4.746165752410889]
[1.2987136840820312]
[0.43829986453056335]
[69.00860595703125]
[0.8563520312309265]
[0.7827025055885315]
[12.734129905700684]
[442.54339599609375]
[2.5216562747955322]
[7.743292808532715]
[16.44133758544922]
[22.186439514160156]
[7.6774444580078125]
[7.6633758544921875]
[2.3375515937805176]
[4.582192897796631]
[12.601949691772461]
[1.2163599729537964]
[230.21046447753906]
[3.2706615924835205]
[3.146078586578369]
[12.878029823303223]
[4.979204177856445]
[3.2479171752929688]
[12.695489883422852]
[4.367560386657715]
[1.6199803352355957]
[0.2459048628807068]
[0.2744999825954437]
[10.139203071594238]
[5.166568756103516]
[6.830138683319092]
[11.773695945739746]
[1.0827664136886597]
[1.866147518157959]
[3.914443016052246]
[2.3080434799194336]
[7.65072774887085]
[80.02114868164062]
[11.509720802307129]
[3.236844062805176]
[2.6461377143859863]
[1.2293446063995361]
[19.700834274291992]
[15.435266494750977]
[6.598613262176514]
[0.5270840525627136]
[1.2345677614212036]
[2.7787270545959473]
[11.70676040649414]
[5.353848457336426]
[7.454164981842041]
[2.267333745956421]
[0.7957715392112732]
[2.5269880294799805]
[5.87307596206665]
[2.235344409942627]
[1.2988002300262451]
[672.356689453125]
[6.951725482940674]
[3.0163509845733643]
[1.0971410274505615]
[68.00149536132812]
[2.7276556491851807]
[7.186417102813721]
[19.470914840698242]
[4.0333571434021]
[22.47983169555664]
[0.6428338885307312]
[3.7954821586608887]
[2.6678502559661865]
[21.817834854125977]
[25.47308349609375]
[0.041184648871421814]
[8.84404182434082]
[10.465086936950684]
[4.031820774078369]
[34.701316833496094]
[2.106872797012329]
[0.12235599756240845]
[1.8348830938339233]
[18.513444900512695]
[4.380676746368408]
[7.937898635864258]
[12.752893447875977]
[2.36885929107666]
[92.00946044921875]
[9.014957427978516]
[3.911068916320801]
[0.43944835662841797]
[2.880960464477539]
[9.316865921020508]
[7.017030715942383]
[7.913906097412109]
[6.371281147003174]
[5.031050205230713]
[5.8831892013549805]
[2.884087324142456]
[2.2982051372528076]
[2.5350751876831055]
[2.166201114654541]
[0.29386115074157715]
[133.3316650390625]
[1.9325506687164307]
[12.872241020202637]
[2.0802700519561768]
[3.097379207611084]
[1.9059621095657349]
[4.173360824584961]
[4.290930271148682]
[1.8182857036590576]
[1.64837646484375]
[1.9578909873962402]
[2.880937099456787]
[0.8119833469390869]
[9.613628387451172]
[13.943142890930176]
[190.8975067138672]
[2.1135921478271484]
[0.653322696685791]
[6.4892897605896]
[1.3444092273712158]
[1.7905097007751465]
[7.852057456970215]
[14.972346305847168]
[0.9418735504150391]
[2.0896871089935303]
[11.453269004821777]
[1.463963508605957]
[10.483510971069336]
[0.394207239151001]
[21.548477172851562]
[268.1453857421875]
[44.693912506103516]
[1.317323923110962]
[0.22139471769332886]
[7.198453426361084]
[6.117952346801758]
[5.538273811340332]
[5.984255313873291]
[7.153732776641846]
[2.334167242050171]
[1.4217535257339478]
[15.07909870147705]
[67.12608337402344]
[5.694639205932617]
[8.883910179138184]
[6.803135395050049]
[8.226746559143066]
[0.9503495693206787]
[6.653261661529541]
[5.907747268676758]
[7.226834297180176]
[3.5379245281219482]
[6.0162224769592285]
[2.446723461151123]
[7.184077739715576]
[0.5017818212509155]
[24.700620651245117]
[10.090099334716797]
[1.1795637607574463]
[0.2849982976913452]
[10.7310152053833]
[7.35261344909668]
[16.079139709472656]
[7.128911018371582]
[12.752257347106934]
[3.6011955738067627]
[0.1238127052783966]
[2.5971693992614746]
[1.9680676460266113]
[20.446029663085938]
[6.356785297393799]
[8.175498008728027]
[0.6232421398162842]
[0.9596348404884338]
[1.6999444961547852]
[0.8439655303955078]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.9787094593048096]
[7.185342788696289]
[4.406528472900391]
[0.8492521047592163]
[139.9159698486328]
[0.34778767824172974]
[15.239972114562988]
[29.821983337402344]
[1.961699366569519]
[179.54962158203125]
[5.768163681030273]
[4.391523361206055]
[20.37389373779297]
[0.8782468438148499]
[0.4324270486831665]
[1.1500986814498901]
[496.3701171875]
[1.8310675621032715]
[3.3646175861358643]
[10.420219421386719]
[88.59507751464844]
[3.1240651607513428]
[11.866484642028809]
[18.303359985351562]
[9.086529731750488]
[1.278296709060669]
[8.191402435302734]
[1.7756526470184326]
[0.8784921169281006]
[2.8170273303985596]
[9.101523399353027]
[1.411973476409912]
[7.945193290710449]
[513.17626953125]
[3.821598529815674]
[9.788548469543457]
[11.70504379272461]
[1002.5498657226562]
[2.386401414871216]
[1.3032057285308838]
[9.890458106994629]
[95.48623657226562]
[1.7086472511291504]
[0.7114499807357788]
[0.8355578780174255]
[5.909426212310791]
[6.862751483917236]
[0.8967800736427307]
[241.97605895996094]
[2.9258203506469727]
[3.0144927501678467]
[2.2006943225860596]
[20.972749710083008]
[65.60934448242188]
[1.6023385524749756]
[0.8845531940460205]
[32.0039176940918]
[164.76986694335938]
[7.8011016845703125]
[15.02380657196045]
[12.325348854064941]
[4.313764572143555]
[23.369003295898438]
[5.5476298332214355]
[3.4623641967773438]
[2.4885642528533936]
[4.581966400146484]
[2.807399272918701]
[2.728625535964966]
[3.6581592559814453]
[6.709842681884766]
[6.315361499786377]
[18.305404663085938]
[0.8941767811775208]
[0.5150975584983826]
[0.7009031772613525]
[21.45842742919922]
[2.026615858078003]
[8.497933387756348]
[3.2505369186401367]
[7.458862781524658]
[5.8853678703308105]
[5.546505928039551]
[0.8957973718643188]
[5.827481269836426]
[4.428812026977539]
[61.402896881103516]
[25.400440216064453]
[7.456392288208008]
[2.6320154666900635]
[11.761862754821777]
[18.955591201782227]
[0.3260766267776489]
[1.1805139780044556]
[15.1504545211792]
[0.5893738865852356]
[384.6213684082031]
[3.6471941471099854]
[7.012850284576416]
[67.73894500732422]
[4.790217876434326]
[0.7516868114471436]
[17.740032196044922]
[1.4440045356750488]
[3.234908103942871]
[231.55209350585938]
[10.371479034423828]
[20.787574768066406]
[2.9144725799560547]
[65.90312194824219]
[36.64445495605469]
[3.1723523139953613]
[2.5252199172973633]
[2.014561176300049]
[3.5348598957061768]
[2.2282090187072754]
[6.06228494644165]
[10.929852485656738]
[21.965646743774414]
[1.5870989561080933]
[82.06405639648438]
[1.8810573816299438]
[0.41875216364860535]
[0.858933687210083]
[0.08218847215175629]
[6.5486907958984375]
[23.04095458984375]
[95.19258880615234]
[10.514570236206055]
[1.3948264122009277]
[11.560547828674316]
[10.59897232055664]
[1.4217947721481323]
[13.914851188659668]
[2.440495252609253]
[161.61705017089844]
[185.35455322265625]
[18.265180587768555]
[7.6790266036987305]
[4.033830642700195]
[1.0127112865447998]
[151.29464721679688]
[3.2677035331726074]
[6.173797130584717]
[5.470130443572998]
[6.757814407348633]
[20.041229248046875]
[3.268216609954834]
[11.80293083190918]
[1.390154242515564]
[7.4556050300598145]
[2.678845167160034]
[2.4447553157806396]
[3.089181900024414]
[6.210151195526123]
[64.76976013183594]
[2.940437078475952]
[0.5951758623123169]
[3.0906739234924316]
[26.39691734313965]
[3.4580297470092773]
[7.78749942779541]
[2.623844861984253]
[4.098114967346191]
[21.348390579223633]
[9.357778549194336]
[2.294351816177368]
[1.825715184211731]
[0.23999716341495514]
[3.7057437896728516]
[8.804269790649414]
[18.076059341430664]
[0.8603399395942688]
[3.2149524688720703]
[44.40480041503906]
[2.613995313644409]
[1.6826575994491577]
[0.2679130434989929]
[26.814319610595703]
[3.671649217605591]
[3.1382086277008057]
[15.83935832977295]
[2.1131114959716797]
[5.985833644866943]
[52.08163070678711]
[3.519407033920288]
[13.09533405303955]
[3.405916213989258]
[14.489502906799316]
[6.992810249328613]
[3.0136923789978027]
[1.785506248474121]
[0.6737469434738159]
[2.0894744396209717]
[4.035240650177002]
[15.670675277709961]
[2.4119229316711426]
[3.1891403198242188]
[5.488891124725342]
[5.986186981201172]
[0.9632832407951355]
[3.795360803604126]
[3.121173143386841]
[14.330811500549316]
[24.718618392944336]
[7.768751621246338]
[2.6146199703216553]
[0.15725916624069214]
[9.146065711975098]
[0.740955114364624]
[1.856419563293457]
[7.234945297241211]
[4.57583475112915]
[15.044140815734863]
[7.696450710296631]
[2.3345508575439453]
[1.7702391147613525]
[0.7642329931259155]
[3.944631576538086]
[0.1204778179526329]
[5.2713470458984375]
[22.172500610351562]
[1.271042823791504]
[2.5428717136383057]
[0.05817462131381035]
[0.2181866317987442]
[29.517189025878906]
[3.511699914932251]
[199.16773986816406]
[84.31449890136719]
[497.6294250488281]
[4.151872634887695]
[0.5697270035743713]
[4.349368095397949]
[1.3397341966629028]
[0.11962085962295532]
[16.73452377319336]
[2.191770076751709]
[1.7452279329299927]
[6.607834339141846]
[0.504843533039093]
[19.04330062866211]
[9.824974060058594]
[12.78759765625]
[1.5233945846557617]
[251.8600616455078]
[1.053989291191101]
[1.5356947183609009]
[4.798527240753174]
[1.2637734413146973]
[1.1418124437332153]
[20.322399139404297]
[4.0496039390563965]
[24.809175491333008]
[5.638001918792725]
[0.6219545006752014]
[2.843397855758667]
[13.191054344177246]
[10.6993408203125]
[7.39668083190918]
[2.5633134841918945]
[7.076422214508057]
[1.2531638145446777]
[29.8789005279541]
[0.8203740119934082]
[140.93699645996094]
[11.96960735321045]
[1.3050448894500732]
[2.2363593578338623]
[0.823331892490387]
[28.396644592285156]
[1.8559335470199585]
[0.053878284990787506]
[44.139686584472656]
[2.818169355392456]
[7.752618312835693]
[0.9888039231300354]
[1.1444497108459473]
[0.6334202885627747]
[5.571796894073486]
[0.41015711426734924]
[22.06973648071289]
[1.0702675580978394]
[12.266751289367676]
[1.832177996635437]
[18.831554412841797]
[26.301895141601562]
[4.915564060211182]
[1.049131155014038]
[19.534082412719727]
[1.3530337810516357]
[7.935345649719238]
[4.114221096038818]
[9.073949813842773]
[7.690690994262695]
[3.8493010997772217]
[4.081831455230713]
[1.25491201877594]
[0.08016698807477951]
[3.9717352390289307]
[15.979052543640137]
[0.35734501481056213]
[167.82244873046875]
[2.3963358402252197]
[4.321338653564453]
[4.17659854888916]
[80.6500244140625]
[1.7803806066513062]
[5.543149948120117]
[3.3355987071990967]
[694.7174072265625]
[0.999687671661377]
[14.7900972366333]
[0.5717148184776306]
[15.685720443725586]
[2.0760796070098877]
[12.422161102294922]
[0.7216475605964661]
[0.5936683416366577]
[10.715625762939453]
[10.99914264678955]
[5.561094284057617]
[16.030710220336914]
[4.859655380249023]
[12.606776237487793]
[0.7795525193214417]
[2.6035995483398438]
[9.435232162475586]
[2.054810047149658]
[0.6423376202583313]
[13.374285697937012]
[11.345710754394531]
[91.985107421875]
[1.2583248615264893]
[3.4197568893432617]
[15.477420806884766]
[3.3710341453552246]
[14.100003242492676]
[10.258652687072754]
[1.7263249158859253]
[2.024730920791626]
[0.8352064490318298]
[50.25043487548828]
[18.590002059936523]
[4.733977794647217]
[5.198770046234131]
[5.764820575714111]
[3.095205307006836]
[12.719858169555664]
[30.705839157104492]
[9.88286018371582]
[0.6636093258857727]
[76.27496337890625]
[710.0661010742188]
[0.8293618559837341]
[0.8641530871391296]
[6.8237080574035645]
[0.7079458832740784]
[4.515498161315918]
[5.222677707672119]
[7.9561285972595215]
[2118.566162109375]
[41.19803237915039]
[2.227583646774292]
[1.9684230089187622]
[24.73394012451172]
[2.2154407501220703]
[1.3738136291503906]
[4.964391708374023]
[0.3557153642177582]
[63.386444091796875]
[1.9153656959533691]
[21.748008728027344]
[4.230337142944336]
[17.497934341430664]
[0.28195521235466003]
[5.398426055908203]
[197.6905059814453]
[19.009000778198242]
[5.1321001052856445]
[8.576050758361816]
[16.006643295288086]
[3.888500928878784]
[6.0456223487854]
[0.6299421787261963]
[6.677881240844727]
[6.363050937652588]
[3.7832653522491455]
[8.345168113708496]
[4.332942962646484]
[0.7613474130630493]
[5.773097991943359]
[1.3022555112838745]
[26.826162338256836]
[8.193351745605469]
[2.5758862495422363]
[1.139218807220459]
[7.536189079284668]
[4.452682018280029]
[0.7428795099258423]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[19.60993766784668]
[0.694355845451355]
[3.880368232727051]
[3.2845351696014404]
[383.2919616699219]
[24.51894760131836]
[115.6977310180664]
[6.352944374084473]
[21.035158157348633]
[4.9608154296875]
[3.207465171813965]
[30.558216094970703]
[3.2980947494506836]
[13.183154106140137]
[17.719722747802734]
[1.000161051750183]
[8.805912017822266]
[54.08857727050781]
[3.0601727962493896]
[101.230224609375]
[4.397078037261963]
[8.636646270751953]
[2.7468225955963135]
[12.732261657714844]
[10.869690895080566]
[1.1372525691986084]
[1.1202975511550903]
[7.584579944610596]
[1.8481608629226685]
[13.174753189086914]
[4.990664482116699]
[8.092024803161621]
[8.534884452819824]
[5.7871198654174805]
[1.2994928359985352]
[1.202364444732666]
[7.489798069000244]
[25.455970764160156]
[6.129641056060791]
[53.19340896606445]
[6.819830417633057]
[10.728629112243652]
[12.2695894241333]
[1.2647815942764282]
[6.708060264587402]
[1.582106113433838]
[132.13279724121094]
[2.89219331741333]
[17.493152618408203]
[68.98394775390625]
[0.8704029321670532]
[5.689869403839111]
[125.76177978515625]
[0.6429381370544434]
[4.527533531188965]
[1.040565013885498]
[3.7869198322296143]
[6.146172523498535]
[17.496776580810547]
[0.8341377377510071]
[3.6622726917266846]
[0.671694278717041]
[1.788266658782959]
[0.7828710079193115]
[3.0699312686920166]
[2.391160011291504]
[2.4537458419799805]
[1.4376769065856934]
[9.568023681640625]
[3.6116421222686768]
[10.750920295715332]
[17.676179885864258]
[20.410083770751953]
[15.981759071350098]
[13.145147323608398]
[6.462763786315918]
[2.5147087574005127]
[2.090798854827881]
[130.20254516601562]
[1.0233629941940308]
[2.785940170288086]
[2.3923113346099854]
[2.5216164588928223]
[44.92512130737305]
[1.4083746671676636]
[6.7923126220703125]
[1.4319859743118286]
[1.204063057899475]
[0.08270611613988876]
[2.235269784927368]
[7.7550129890441895]
[6.2368483543396]
[1.643109917640686]
[4.515852451324463]
[2.0196571350097656]
[49.258262634277344]
[11.751177787780762]
[1.971643090248108]
[4.811218738555908]
[0.9541072249412537]
[133.95242309570312]
[53.8670654296875]
[1.1715738773345947]
[1.7592387199401855]
[2.9619412422180176]
[0.2332756370306015]
[1.17246413230896]
[2.4328393936157227]
[1.9428856372833252]
[6.658185005187988]
[0.04834930971264839]
[4.042781352996826]
[2.083873748779297]
[1.0932878255844116]
[0.8379852771759033]
[3.0146896839141846]
[2.1867101192474365]
[2.3397998809814453]
[0.7204508185386658]
[1.1718049049377441]
[1.0674552917480469]
[5.995023250579834]
[4.532715797424316]
[8.358570098876953]
[1.7814863920211792]
[2.582899808883667]
[2.973649024963379]
[1.251679539680481]
[0.9930473566055298]
[3.2552690505981445]
[46.50001525878906]
[4.067293167114258]
[1.1935027837753296]
[1.0553878545761108]
[3.235067844390869]
[184.7603759765625]
[9.502939224243164]
[0.17508429288864136]
[2.2608518600463867]
[239.50486755371094]
[1.0960673093795776]
[0.5272395610809326]
[1.6398155689239502]
[3.661130666732788]
[0.9257989525794983]
[185.1648406982422]
[6.664028167724609]
[18.53475570678711]
[0.9807274341583252]
[1.6063146591186523]
[3.2647926807403564]
[0.5314729809761047]
[3.973919630050659]
[0.8827023506164551]
[0.5354451537132263]
[2.4445502758026123]
[8.599553108215332]
[4.206554412841797]
[3.632558584213257]
[7.601446151733398]
[11.781349182128906]
[11.06481647491455]
[1.70172917842865]
[1.6174840927124023]
[0.9139061570167542]
[9.38119888305664]
[21.11107635498047]
[3.222055673599243]
[1.8844135999679565]
[12.701613426208496]
[6.088232040405273]
[0.817685604095459]
[10.561929702758789]
[1.3250831365585327]
[0.1239142194390297]
[0.45524871349334717]
[1.3533788919448853]
[1.162320613861084]
[3.0512032508850098]
[0.7011564373970032]
[25.1472225189209]
[0.5345566272735596]
[0.10392299294471741]
[27.878225326538086]
[0.8382264971733093]
[11.070653915405273]
[2.4188356399536133]
[1.910383701324463]
[1.273655891418457]
[0.6879515647888184]
[21.396665573120117]
[10.324337005615234]
[0.8849838972091675]
[0.8422209024429321]
[152.1488800048828]
[25.843149185180664]
[2.013280153274536]
[3.9983625411987305]
[3.2512214183807373]
[1.952299952507019]
[10.253291130065918]
[3.54754638671875]
[12.349434852600098]
[8.673554420471191]
[1.6190524101257324]
[3.7002804279327393]
[1.7044036388397217]
[7.07391357421875]
[5.097260475158691]
[9.591547966003418]
[1.6931204795837402]
[0.7093462944030762]
[1.4212113618850708]
[8.646810531616211]
[0.8297408223152161]
[1.2272545099258423]
[2.8831610679626465]
[0.7422910332679749]
[3.273409128189087]
[1.8178409337997437]
[11.491852760314941]
[2.2885489463806152]
[27.554399490356445]
[3.5666823387145996]
[2.08614444732666]
[1.1698062419891357]
[1.1932272911071777]
[1.4958572387695312]
[0.8478227257728577]
[2.268939733505249]
[2.217214822769165]
[1.4813237190246582]
[0.970905601978302]
[9.951043128967285]
[1.1289703845977783]
[1.3337162733078003]
[7.984416961669922]
[2.459310531616211]
[7.451202869415283]
[0.15634749829769135]
[0.8007025122642517]
[0.9163286089897156]
[2.675478219985962]
[0.8865479826927185]
[1.010241985321045]
[5.8601884841918945]
[2.7398862838745117]
[3.320533514022827]
[25.4988956451416]
[27.136878967285156]
[3.712798833847046]
[27.91533660888672]
[4.822171211242676]
[1.3334977626800537]
[17.8280086517334]
[0.13034604489803314]
[13.437458038330078]
[1.2967201471328735]
[3.2168893814086914]
[140.7396697998047]
[1.2305922508239746]
[1.5536571741104126]
[0.23165613412857056]
[5.878260612487793]
[0.12332580238580704]
[0.17601606249809265]
[16.215408325195312]
[0.2341058850288391]
[1.0105559825897217]
[2.670971632003784]
[7.142305850982666]
[201.0081024169922]
[2.1696712970733643]
[18.779687881469727]
[0.5453546047210693]
[9.846267700195312]
[0.11239736527204514]
[1.741054654121399]
[3.0296812057495117]
[8.320618629455566]
[8.851692199707031]
[12.198966026306152]
[0.7714183926582336]
[20.082666397094727]
[1.19789719581604]
[0.6855720281600952]
[7.806142807006836]
[7.016214370727539]
[2.300440788269043]
[14.456640243530273]
[6.322028160095215]
[1.5635085105895996]
[6.676026821136475]
[2.025116443634033]
[4.516424655914307]
[0.6680426597595215]
[21.62110137939453]
[2.018974542617798]
[0.9725914597511292]
[0.820354700088501]
[0.6457351446151733]
[0.8903542160987854]
[0.8089174628257751]
[1.2483315467834473]
[2.142320156097412]
[12.008929252624512]
[0.2058664709329605]
[9.9522123336792]
[1.9072974920272827]
[3.179640293121338]
[0.3151891231536865]
[3.9350180625915527]
[0.7705390453338623]
[33.41868209838867]
[7.729696750640869]
[6.852768421173096]
[1.2458456754684448]
[0.07150701433420181]
[1.6732226610183716]
[0.806765079498291]
[1.2255576848983765]
[5.976313591003418]
[4.063989162445068]
[8.26529312133789]
[1.4821935892105103]
[1.2849435806274414]
[1.8607690334320068]
[1.0037792921066284]
[0.7713603377342224]
[1.7757354974746704]
[0.7593886852264404]
[2.7921783924102783]
[4.147054195404053]
[2.225611686706543]
[0.9177723526954651]
[0.6325401067733765]
[1.1815434694290161]
[0.22910171747207642]
[302.3358154296875]
[2.2385597229003906]
[1.0853095054626465]
[1.5285433530807495]
[0.7427924871444702]
[0.04015018790960312]
[1.0535084009170532]
[0.31848984956741333]
[23.400922775268555]
[2.446364402770996]
[8.009222030639648]
[6.863208770751953]
[3.2023439407348633]
[0.6347243785858154]
[1.7747443914413452]
[7.839237213134766]
[1.1560828685760498]
[2.0446839332580566]
[3.4244112968444824]
[1.4717521667480469]
[1.015214204788208]
[4.434698104858398]
[2.211184024810791]
[5.117897987365723]
[25.856584548950195]
[1.4466060400009155]
[1.8231070041656494]
[1.249120831489563]
[9.231672286987305]
[0.14043813943862915]
[5.017599105834961]
[0.8441692590713501]
[4.032251358032227]
[46.148765563964844]
[0.10195528715848923]
[1.8088804483413696]
[0.7965030074119568]
[0.12398388236761093]
[0.08200737833976746]
[0.69207763671875]
[6.068300724029541]
[2.9097983837127686]
[4.635494709014893]
[90.74895477294922]
[0.707522988319397]
[0.5021063685417175]
[0.6610399484634399]
[1.2336468696594238]
[12.71118450164795]
[7.932545185089111]
[2.590179681777954]
[7.998309135437012]
[0.7383101582527161]
[2.016680955886841]
[1.687017560005188]
[0.6805720329284668]
[0.37601861357688904]
[2.144533634185791]
[0.7084827423095703]
[2.0392110347747803]
[4.486799716949463]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.3925954103469849]
[6.942727565765381]
[0.8426227569580078]
[4.377659320831299]
[2.4226067066192627]
[2.2196884155273438]
[2.145550489425659]
[8.90433120727539]
[2.616837978363037]
[24.81475067138672]
[0.932086706161499]
[1.406694769859314]
[0.5440400838851929]
[0.8594240546226501]
[0.9729260206222534]
[0.18607750535011292]
[175.22198486328125]
[2.359738349914551]
[1.149768590927124]
[1.608241319656372]
[2.2252695560455322]
[0.1173623651266098]
[13.452949523925781]
[0.1280910074710846]
[3.786867618560791]
[0.5397388339042664]
[1.003847599029541]
[0.5844409465789795]
[26.122180938720703]
[29.664113998413086]
[1.5183624029159546]
[9.179499626159668]
[3.8907525539398193]
[4.151060581207275]
[2.850111484527588]
[1.8733606338500977]
[1.2604848146438599]
[140.8307647705078]
[15.970746040344238]
[22.249910354614258]
[0.8410924673080444]
[5.611099720001221]
[0.48041293025016785]
[2.830329179763794]
[1.1754889488220215]
[6.2064690589904785]
[3.321033000946045]
[1.7442494630813599]
[2.403719425201416]
[6.133386611938477]
[5.974217414855957]
[0.7602806091308594]
[2.768049716949463]
[0.7705780863761902]
[0.6780250072479248]
[1.0164843797683716]
[0.8231844902038574]
[118.55111694335938]
[1.7669403553009033]
[1.917253017425537]
[0.09830028563737869]
[0.6285004615783691]
[0.7265526652336121]
[1.7287781238555908]
[17.413532257080078]
[0.5126659870147705]
[3.1956918239593506]
[3.7252066135406494]
[0.5430886149406433]
[0.572881281375885]
[1.46638822555542]
[0.8185492157936096]
[1.9421383142471313]
[5.604221343994141]
[1.6062819957733154]
[0.07855263352394104]
[1.1169898509979248]
[2.684854745864868]
[1.1826448440551758]
[1.1588218212127686]
[3.7688987255096436]
[9.956445693969727]
[0.504069447517395]
[8.595888137817383]
[0.6954896450042725]
[12.983302116394043]
[19.68829917907715]
[2.405832290649414]
[1.4438220262527466]
[0.6898754239082336]
[4.602111339569092]
[1.8822444677352905]
[1.7840112447738647]
[2.7931878566741943]
[4.491328716278076]
[4.506059169769287]
[0.6689788699150085]
[0.6314433813095093]
[0.7699341773986816]
[1.0927071571350098]
[0.9318239092826843]
[4.031440258026123]
[0.7637293934822083]
[0.9187262058258057]
[18.39478302001953]
[1.0818642377853394]
[0.9154186248779297]
[0.8452856540679932]
[2.032036066055298]
[3.2151970863342285]
[1.4575573205947876]
[3.7399632930755615]
[26.779001235961914]
[2.6810507774353027]
[147.4000244140625]
[189.94378662109375]
[0.7599443197250366]
[1.6133517026901245]
[1.2442814111709595]
[0.7370203137397766]
[1.7962435483932495]
[1.093369483947754]
[13.026678085327148]
[1.0011004209518433]
[7.564465522766113]
[3.977461338043213]
[3.448897361755371]
[0.6112658977508545]
[22.99660873413086]
[8.226595878601074]
[11.735279083251953]
[2.00665283203125]
[0.9672747850418091]
[1.7080047130584717]
[2.601314067840576]
[0.9419444799423218]
[22.670228958129883]
[1.3029865026474]
[1.4305769205093384]
[1.2975541353225708]
[1.3639378547668457]
[2.725518226623535]
[0.6199607849121094]
[4.374740123748779]
[88.09832000732422]
[3.215972661972046]
[1.435665488243103]
[1.3890252113342285]
[10.471348762512207]
[0.25455614924430847]
[7.344969272613525]
[4.4715256690979]
[3.941002130508423]
[0.4589086174964905]
[0.5170254707336426]
[0.569119930267334]
[1.228934645652771]
[0.7288491129875183]
[1.002528190612793]
[5.470264911651611]
[0.11422558128833771]
[0.7291949391365051]
[1.9828203916549683]
[1.473789095878601]
[0.6281225681304932]
[0.7540358901023865]
[1.7158437967300415]
[114.98516845703125]
[0.17124158143997192]
[5.687885761260986]
[10.477853775024414]
[2.06913423538208]
[0.8741286993026733]
[1.3593727350234985]
[9.703341484069824]
[0.5317175388336182]
[2.891648769378662]
[4.338547229766846]
[0.5575089454650879]
[4.5885467529296875]
[0.9240997433662415]
[8.781595230102539]
[2.3070616722106934]
[2.8715908527374268]
[0.9266559481620789]
[0.9946732521057129]
[12.046424865722656]
[45.419307708740234]
[5.667269229888916]
[1.6389638185501099]
[0.8630273938179016]
[1.271405577659607]
[0.7715184092521667]
[7.801093101501465]
[0.466079980134964]
[0.7446410655975342]
[0.7294970154762268]
[32.044464111328125]
[1.046157717704773]
[1.2356593608856201]
[1.007228970527649]
[0.7553307414054871]
[2.0852527618408203]
[0.7331840991973877]
[8.735361099243164]
[0.6770423650741577]
[1.0880399942398071]
[0.7744876146316528]
[1.262736439704895]
[168.47056579589844]
[1.158473014831543]
[2.190020799636841]
[3.9891183376312256]
[12.535584449768066]
[15.146944999694824]
[154.73289489746094]
[0.28933778405189514]
[0.5149776935577393]
[0.9053636789321899]
[3.3111417293548584]
[1.214887022972107]
[0.36821579933166504]
[103.33013916015625]
[2.844155788421631]
[1.0254902839660645]
[217.59970092773438]
[0.20010891556739807]
[2.6176071166992188]
[3.0214078426361084]
[1.5817828178405762]
[2.78981351852417]
[0.06222287192940712]
[0.6165372729301453]
[32.34062957763672]
[1.60780930519104]
[2.2130095958709717]
[10.253130912780762]
[0.9825246930122375]
[0.7035555839538574]
[1.9765177965164185]
[0.678139865398407]
[3.2386505603790283]
[0.9757990837097168]
[2.0618479251861572]
[1.6987718343734741]
[7.0298004150390625]
[12.582959175109863]
[4.0249924659729]
[0.7200504541397095]
[3.3182971477508545]
[0.22341129183769226]
[2.546800136566162]
[1.7475292682647705]
[0.9810211658477783]
[0.9620004892349243]
[0.5630475282669067]
[39.54262161254883]
[6.395532131195068]
[6.888674736022949]
[2.0107014179229736]
[8.02778148651123]
[0.7035664319992065]
[15.83612060546875]
[0.7114048004150391]
[0.7787750363349915]
[0.7093726992607117]
[0.8828322887420654]
[0.6022498607635498]
[0.2869395315647125]
[1.243890404701233]
[2.60164213180542]
[1.072964072227478]
[0.7559094429016113]
[4.884443283081055]
[0.9678285121917725]
[1.118515133857727]
[1.9443366527557373]
[0.2399778515100479]
[13.664338111877441]
[0.49769577383995056]
[14.068934440612793]
[1.455651044845581]
[5.643626689910889]
[13.628854751586914]
[2.544717788696289]
[2.0421032905578613]
[0.4943409860134125]
[2.3572609424591064]
[20.418087005615234]
[45.939598083496094]
[1.5049231052398682]
[20.467470169067383]
[0.9607852101325989]
[3.8439319133758545]
[1.492463231086731]
[0.7427911162376404]
[152.12159729003906]
[1.0356565713882446]
[6.410367488861084]
[4.93911600112915]
[0.24012911319732666]
[0.7043569087982178]
[0.6209108829498291]
[1.8977748155593872]
[25.346628189086914]
[1.3149728775024414]
[2.2010107040405273]
[1.3100835084915161]
[0.6190728545188904]
[0.9147025942802429]
[1.8832348585128784]
[2.2784128189086914]
[1.7866767644882202]
[0.8542163968086243]
[0.5828272104263306]
[0.47417569160461426]
[0.6518135070800781]
[2.4742114543914795]
[20.871807098388672]
[1.0159777402877808]
[0.7389065623283386]
[0.5695183277130127]
[2.9060864448547363]
[2.22928786277771]
[1.0693104267120361]
[0.2519855201244354]
[0.6580191850662231]
[3.403839111328125]
[0.8346408009529114]
[0.616145670413971]
[0.8350427746772766]
[269.5472412109375]
[0.5653464198112488]
[1.8068280220031738]
[3.716035842895508]
[0.866789698600769]
[4.2020087242126465]
[1.7357773780822754]
[0.8734331727027893]
[0.06921136379241943]
[0.5743303298950195]
[2.0264368057250977]
[0.7202696800231934]
[1.1036874055862427]
[2.8748667240142822]
[1.0526624917984009]
[6.953711032867432]
[9.076459884643555]
[2.966790199279785]
[30.349266052246094]
[0.9265512824058533]
[0.3913443386554718]
[1.384242296218872]
[1.7545218467712402]
[0.6830875873565674]
[0.6302997469902039]
[4.540596008300781]
[0.6691609025001526]
[1.1516437530517578]
[1.4560083150863647]
[208.40692138671875]
[1.1884799003601074]
[0.6481056213378906]
[0.11064522713422775]
[1.7989774942398071]
[1.6287569999694824]
[2.7194385528564453]
[8.07739543914795]
[2.976497173309326]
[87.14729309082031]
[0.5180641412734985]
[14.503958702087402]
[12.216630935668945]
[1.2603060007095337]
[0.9234445691108704]
[0.4452837109565735]
[0.6588083505630493]
[12.519723892211914]
[3.1834876537323]
[0.11937128752470016]
[2.6370105743408203]
[1.8630571365356445]
[2.7258951663970947]
[1.957440972328186]
[0.41531050205230713]
[0.028411218896508217]
[1.173182487487793]
[0.22238820791244507]
[137.0283660888672]
[2.342353105545044]
[0.9034578800201416]
[7.488284111022949]
[0.9702394604682922]
[9.984587669372559]
[3.5617523193359375]
[0.04180257022380829]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.943004608154297]
[20.022642135620117]
[0.877443790435791]
[1.7599178552627563]
[46.86296463012695]
[2.491053581237793]
[2.0415468215942383]
[0.4487225413322449]
[0.674832284450531]
[88.86478424072266]
[4.843965530395508]
[8.70923900604248]
[7.131401538848877]
[131.46347045898438]
[1.1631653308868408]
[0.5922151803970337]
[1.3471062183380127]
[1.1156657934188843]
[1.3625167608261108]
[1.3584470748901367]
[0.1220894604921341]
[1.7600747346878052]
[0.4847480356693268]
[1.8352437019348145]
[0.4704039394855499]
[2.607184648513794]
[0.5754591226577759]
[1.4249380826950073]
[0.7429904937744141]
[1.3381662368774414]
[0.7794302105903625]
[0.6530749797821045]
[10.920366287231445]
[201.55780029296875]
[0.7704030871391296]
[0.897777795791626]
[100.53762817382812]
[2.0811781883239746]
[1.3805625438690186]
[2.5059151649475098]
[7.854928016662598]
[0.9142161011695862]
[2.662217378616333]
[13.2198486328125]
[0.04641200602054596]
[2.603513717651367]
[2.460292339324951]
[5.241396903991699]
[1.7587209939956665]
[0.48085352778434753]
[0.6240052580833435]
[2.0537807941436768]
[0.6759430766105652]
[12.313258171081543]
[0.8839626908302307]
[5.24775505065918]
[1.4295710325241089]
[0.5801129341125488]
[0.6365346312522888]
[18.121959686279297]
[6.149172782897949]
[4.400160312652588]
[0.9327867031097412]
[29.907752990722656]
[17.446638107299805]
[2.679293155670166]
[7.252946376800537]
[5.269150257110596]
[0.6674151420593262]
[15.605203628540039]
[0.9411756992340088]
[0.4145604372024536]
[2.4969937801361084]
[0.5075395703315735]
[1.1176108121871948]
[0.9716082215309143]
[0.5534754991531372]
[0.8187549114227295]
[172.0869903564453]
[13.75802993774414]
[0.576138436794281]
[0.6268189549446106]
[8.124377250671387]
[0.8418241739273071]
[178.4987335205078]
[0.5001564621925354]
[1.6413238048553467]
[11.001567840576172]
[0.8357750177383423]
[0.09672097116708755]
[1.7595360279083252]
[5.627422332763672]
[1.2091041803359985]
[0.946784257888794]
[177.64732360839844]
[0.9063050150871277]
[157.18438720703125]
[1.218432903289795]
[2.2012526988983154]
[6.439888954162598]
[4.885589599609375]
[15.680180549621582]
[0.41409528255462646]
[2.150205612182617]
[0.6868853569030762]
[1.837562918663025]
[0.5318718552589417]
[30.714611053466797]
[0.6392704844474792]
[1.7698547840118408]
[12.607381820678711]
[18.27277183532715]
[6.5539021492004395]
[0.6454142928123474]
[165.70584106445312]
[5.594460964202881]
[0.8095890283584595]
[3.191725492477417]
[1.2018471956253052]
[1.1553822755813599]
[1.3797392845153809]
[1.5325214862823486]
[0.9063077569007874]
[0.7557429671287537]
[1.7315717935562134]
[25.515884399414062]
[20.612146377563477]
[0.5706288814544678]
[2.1841137409210205]
[1.6642358303070068]
[0.8932418823242188]
[3.6892948150634766]
[0.7295384407043457]
[122.06367492675781]
[1.332412838935852]
[0.08759719133377075]
[1.2631826400756836]
[0.6871473789215088]
[0.5650962591171265]
[0.7770739197731018]
[1.5193597078323364]
[0.06367535889148712]
[0.7818088531494141]
[1.167091965675354]
[0.626573383808136]
[0.5071990489959717]
[17.476518630981445]
[2.5272812843322754]
[0.45138975977897644]
[79.21097564697266]
[1.6915935277938843]
[0.03676746040582657]
[1.2734118700027466]
[0.35111942887306213]
[2.378279209136963]
[0.6881529092788696]
[0.13164325058460236]
[1.959661841392517]
[154.05044555664062]
[0.6948394179344177]
[15.306705474853516]
[10.910655975341797]
[0.9174767136573792]
[0.3791886866092682]
[0.8017156720161438]
[4.120532989501953]
[1.028204083442688]
[1.8178263902664185]
[4.8615851402282715]
[0.07242873311042786]
[0.6497477889060974]
[0.5727834701538086]
[6.2566351890563965]
[9.142677307128906]
[2.89414119720459]
[1.1414134502410889]
[0.5992406606674194]
[0.11781434714794159]
[0.5965929627418518]
[1.6669411659240723]
[0.7527669668197632]
[0.14974026381969452]
[1.6174565553665161]
[1.2576260566711426]
[0.9939164519309998]
[1.104245901107788]
[0.6089915633201599]
[0.02543092519044876]
[1.3089089393615723]
[0.6351701617240906]
[0.5212014317512512]
[27.134754180908203]
[0.37409064173698425]
[0.10955432802438736]
[2.039156675338745]
[2.473270893096924]
[0.5696067214012146]
[2.96920108795166]
[0.6227818131446838]
[10.847599983215332]
[0.8025025725364685]
[0.8476482629776001]
[120.4749984741211]
[0.6614671945571899]
[0.5968290567398071]
[3.2751076221466064]
[0.7050747871398926]
[0.06970377266407013]
[0.9502361416816711]
[1.5863794088363647]
[0.1018015444278717]
[2.7133989334106445]
[0.8375454545021057]
[12.817327499389648]
[15.567061424255371]
[2.003185749053955]
[0.2862473726272583]
[1.0563514232635498]
[5.1216654777526855]
[0.3805686831474304]
[1.3074852228164673]
[0.38072335720062256]
[0.8755003213882446]
[10.663549423217773]
[0.7475335597991943]
[9.383391380310059]
[5.001820087432861]
[0.879181981086731]
[1.56685471534729]
[0.633959949016571]
[0.8609834909439087]
[0.4526040554046631]
[1.8474715948104858]
[2.298497200012207]
[1.6500844955444336]
[0.5919490456581116]
[2.9497735500335693]
[6.074558258056641]
[3.0159268379211426]
[197.8756866455078]
[1.0687700510025024]
[2.471951961517334]
[1.6429283618927002]
[1.4902561902999878]
[0.9494377970695496]
[5.837818145751953]
[5.926273345947266]
[1.5675045251846313]
[0.6172126531600952]
[11.329428672790527]
[1.3220458030700684]
[1.4694961309432983]
[2.9515280723571777]
[12.937983512878418]
[1.0573424100875854]
[0.6157200932502747]
[0.9590113759040833]
[1.5671203136444092]
[3.913175582885742]
[1.2661806344985962]
[7.391226768493652]
[4.728517055511475]
[4.998483657836914]
[0.45913341641426086]
[0.6982955932617188]
[8.521808624267578]
[0.971818208694458]
[1.0939335823059082]
[0.3414141833782196]
[1.0976349115371704]
[6.184065341949463]
[1.0109872817993164]
[5.327297210693359]
[0.697988748550415]
[1.7037080526351929]
[0.4205884635448456]
[1.9259366989135742]
[18.879924774169922]
[2.3450403213500977]
[0.859667181968689]
[6.429500102996826]
[0.5822780728340149]
[1.4808671474456787]
[6.720997333526611]
[1.2375613451004028]
[0.5318745970726013]
[0.5716968178749084]
[15.707715034484863]
[1.3538885116577148]
[2.9251818656921387]
[3.1453325748443604]
[1.0038762092590332]
[0.4825567901134491]
[0.7556174993515015]
[1.2152363061904907]
[0.04205847904086113]
[1.5805546045303345]
[1.4638009071350098]
[0.26795879006385803]
[2.196953058242798]
[0.04889518767595291]
[0.7148928046226501]
[1.0777342319488525]
[2.8834357261657715]
[0.41256847977638245]
[0.12057618051767349]
[9.59151554107666]
[2.016503095626831]
[6.185810089111328]
[0.9886949062347412]
[1.6200021505355835]
[2.1058874130249023]
[48.5387077331543]
[0.335804283618927]
[1.2803207635879517]
[0.5975772142410278]
[0.4297054409980774]
[0.4415833353996277]
[10.177142143249512]
[5.0095930099487305]
[0.06264542043209076]
[0.9225788116455078]
[0.7482239603996277]
[0.44302406907081604]
[0.5608199834823608]
[0.4914713203907013]
[0.7961826324462891]
[2.5746445655822754]
[0.5488142967224121]
[0.42919647693634033]
[0.5640453100204468]
[1.4447227716445923]
[0.02690720558166504]
[0.6253232359886169]
[0.6189770102500916]
[0.8359766602516174]
[1.0492603778839111]
[1.0653038024902344]
[4.751978874206543]
[6.0979533195495605]
[3.515352487564087]
[0.645058274269104]
[1.3163037300109863]
[60.418209075927734]
[3.313237190246582]
[1.1576745510101318]
[6.884576797485352]
[0.5337809324264526]
[7.489675521850586]
[0.6082982420921326]
[0.08698775619268417]
[0.4622527062892914]
[12.618559837341309]
[0.8919143676757812]
[0.6843754649162292]
[5.65506649017334]
[1.895766258239746]
[1.1118474006652832]
[1.4095019102096558]
[0.3520458936691284]
[0.8113124966621399]
[7.932216644287109]
[1.6070133447647095]
[0.6900248527526855]
[0.3336595296859741]
[1.9532541036605835]
[6.035294055938721]
[3.071695566177368]
[2.4021847248077393]
[1.0907615423202515]
[1.4407775402069092]
[0.6554587483406067]
[3.7631585597991943]
[0.8115090131759644]
[1.0494462251663208]
[0.3569689989089966]
[0.37031230330467224]
[10.8259859085083]
[0.37350231409072876]
[0.8823454976081848]
[0.5471442341804504]
[0.7549293637275696]
[1.8207621574401855]
[3.0863208770751953]
[19.104738235473633]
[0.10593675822019577]
[0.7362292408943176]
[4.996126174926758]
[0.6689994931221008]
[9.75614070892334]
[1.5007758140563965]
[10.868997573852539]
[0.7688899040222168]
[0.05464699864387512]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[6.763874053955078]
[0.7786588072776794]
[9.365185737609863]
[0.4981520175933838]
[17.718448638916016]
[25.563413619995117]
[2.3790948390960693]
[7.073862075805664]
[1.035765290260315]
[1.0441932678222656]
[17.78223419189453]
[4.487216949462891]
[5.667905807495117]
[1.0861598253250122]
[3.7378039360046387]
[1.9065943956375122]
[4.162232875823975]
[1.0943523645401]
[1.5338085889816284]
[5.700387477874756]
[2.1124651432037354]
[7.756559371948242]
[0.4581235945224762]
[0.7629446983337402]
[6.113495349884033]
[2.5706210136413574]
[1.9008647203445435]
[2.5602614879608154]
[0.4907544255256653]
[0.6589522361755371]
[2.2061872482299805]
[0.8341667056083679]
[14.920764923095703]
[0.5559524297714233]
[1.5938005447387695]
[1.5340956449508667]
[15.914010047912598]
[0.8343003988265991]
[1.1934794187545776]
[0.5301388502120972]
[0.6795718669891357]
[2.549497604370117]
[14.933598518371582]
[20.80318832397461]
[29.014183044433594]
[15.934718132019043]
[0.16382364928722382]
[5.540130138397217]
[47.137298583984375]
[0.4528418481349945]
[1.8152552843093872]
[1.6289596557617188]
[0.9674184918403625]
[1.084436058998108]
[1.8763853311538696]
[0.2830519676208496]
[0.5677855610847473]
[0.5505861639976501]
[1.6730231046676636]
[1.920810580253601]
[4.313405513763428]
[0.5859609246253967]
[0.9973741173744202]
[0.7707511186599731]
[3.0530996322631836]
[0.5357868671417236]
[1.0743502378463745]
[2.8524765968322754]
[0.18900269269943237]
[0.41548484563827515]
[8.480317115783691]
[2.1588988304138184]
[7.332406520843506]
[0.9435033202171326]
[0.4774453043937683]
[0.7618854641914368]
[1.0425283908843994]
[1.4141029119491577]
[0.7951759099960327]
[0.6515968441963196]
[16.05289649963379]
[0.7323617339134216]
[0.9090998768806458]
[1.0618281364440918]
[1.3660093545913696]
[0.5814619660377502]
[0.6262237429618835]
[87.78825378417969]
[2.5932488441467285]
[7.209249973297119]
[1.0873808860778809]
[2.8496570587158203]
[1.8476344347000122]
[0.3888537585735321]
[1.253189206123352]
[2.0288784503936768]
[0.3467820882797241]
[0.5948669910430908]
[1.6816949844360352]
[0.5607410669326782]
[0.7568919658660889]
[1.97611665725708]
[0.6336653232574463]
[7.975955963134766]
[1.8202788829803467]
[0.8511468768119812]
[1.8537421226501465]
[0.030871160328388214]
[6.938354969024658]
[2.5705878734588623]
[1.0219157934188843]
[1.939548373222351]
[0.08187761157751083]
[11.327863693237305]
[0.5410168170928955]
[0.9381518363952637]
[0.6329736113548279]
[2.2720534801483154]
[0.40974879264831543]
[2.3238108158111572]
[0.6320229172706604]
[3.7983264923095703]
[6.461485385894775]
[5.954671859741211]
[1.16525137424469]
[0.32251954078674316]
[2.9010274410247803]
[2.011634588241577]
[1.0914748907089233]
[0.5735569596290588]
[0.5566967129707336]
[0.8137162923812866]
[0.9872390031814575]
[0.28160789608955383]
[2.2481026649475098]
[1.9764765501022339]
[1.7117544412612915]
[0.499240905046463]
[5.4844536781311035]
[0.3871316909790039]
[0.04720187559723854]
[1.1379913091659546]
[1.1669447422027588]
[1.8251680135726929]
[0.5781499147415161]
[4.910986423492432]
[1.5744251012802124]
[0.48303669691085815]
[0.7534985542297363]
[0.6580390930175781]
[0.3438167870044708]
[20.770896911621094]
[2.179117202758789]
[2.10634708404541]
[0.38968878984451294]
[1.794898271560669]
[1.6807639598846436]
[3.411853075027466]
[1.3297767639160156]
[1.2629508972167969]
[2.157895565032959]
[1.2574613094329834]
[0.05095185339450836]
[2.7981035709381104]
[1.5673059225082397]
[1.2515240907669067]
[0.5524784922599792]
[5.3027496337890625]
[2.4142143726348877]
[2.588787317276001]
[1.4508447647094727]
[3.002436637878418]
[0.5202828049659729]
[9.065977096557617]
[0.508975088596344]
[7.465937614440918]
[1.074702501296997]
[0.701576292514801]
[4.477356433868408]
[0.8640817999839783]
[0.5782644152641296]
[0.9679593443870544]
[0.6456083059310913]
[2.3074917793273926]
[1.0426462888717651]
[0.8092013597488403]
[0.621212363243103]
[1.8520032167434692]
[1.8443506956100464]
[0.08354200422763824]
[0.8244805932044983]
[7.979203701019287]
[0.919522762298584]
[0.25236135721206665]
[123.82411193847656]
[5.9034223556518555]
[0.5913557410240173]
[2.31170654296875]
[0.505669116973877]
[2.6823313236236572]
[15.50179672241211]
[0.4927542209625244]
[3.413393974304199]
[0.5789941549301147]
[6.5019354820251465]
[0.6054470539093018]
[0.8459320068359375]
[0.7959082126617432]
[16.212730407714844]
[6.1754255294799805]
[0.44165539741516113]
[1.5122342109680176]
[208.41610717773438]
[0.4878654479980469]
[1.192989468574524]
[14.438791275024414]
[82.5403823852539]
[0.5498392581939697]
[0.6937348246574402]
[7.64669132232666]
[14.785571098327637]
[1.6241145133972168]
[0.6303135752677917]
[2.4835355281829834]
[1.7649848461151123]
[2.8677725791931152]
[6.945206165313721]
[2.8212130069732666]
[1.245682954788208]
[0.5725173354148865]
[13.799635887145996]
[0.9912269711494446]
[0.056866902858018875]
[3.7215912342071533]
[0.6217145919799805]
[0.12283982336521149]
[0.07856469601392746]
[1.7586840391159058]
[0.6190704107284546]
[3.06809663772583]
[5.516639232635498]
[136.14398193359375]
[0.7665212154388428]
[5.145359516143799]
[8.804407119750977]
[4.683391094207764]
[0.7218126654624939]
[10.821314811706543]
[253.24346923828125]
[0.2578853368759155]
[0.5387250781059265]
[0.9758935570716858]
[0.4754112958908081]
[0.6813482642173767]
[1.640274167060852]
[0.8844221234321594]
[8.026779174804688]
[0.18039381504058838]
[9.088456153869629]
[0.902342677116394]
[7.654460906982422]
[1.4207708835601807]
[1.7147828340530396]
[0.8972514867782593]
[3.06345796585083]
[3.3643999099731445]
[1.219800353050232]
[1.7526050806045532]
[54.988380432128906]
[1.11076021194458]
[0.5738098621368408]
[0.7241233587265015]
[0.22368699312210083]
[3.5684926509857178]
[2.8558967113494873]
[0.05705815181136131]
[13.508975982666016]
[4.424778938293457]
[1.2440582513809204]
[1.7468440532684326]
[0.5739572644233704]
[2.4000563621520996]
[2.1126279830932617]
[1.775477647781372]
[1.1911965608596802]
[2.158590793609619]
[0.8260162472724915]
[0.5145401358604431]
[3.658888816833496]
[1.1312248706817627]
[16.843406677246094]
[4.608087539672852]
[0.6620470285415649]
[141.59555053710938]
[1.989822268486023]
[5.06550407409668]
[0.5999988317489624]
[1.948150634765625]
[0.5139926075935364]
[1.0377163887023926]
[1.384852409362793]
[0.5553634762763977]
[12.698197364807129]
[1.0497829914093018]
[0.7848834991455078]
[1.5119572877883911]
[4.619256019592285]
[3.740530490875244]
[0.6395593285560608]
[0.6963763236999512]
[6.128751754760742]
[9.595706939697266]
[2.3212451934814453]
[1.808994174003601]
[1.0720237493515015]
[0.8305068016052246]
[0.4151432514190674]
[0.6694870591163635]
[0.33675235509872437]
[47.45612716674805]
[1.007470726966858]
[0.7588457465171814]
[0.6205288767814636]
[0.5707404613494873]
[2.7373876571655273]
[0.820727527141571]
[0.8956486582756042]
[0.8087005019187927]
[3.2802231311798096]
[0.09972719848155975]
[1.6545054912567139]
[2.069375991821289]
[3.767659902572632]
[3.9895811080932617]
[4.821044921875]
[1.8790252208709717]
[2.162257194519043]
[32.57136535644531]
[2.3713059425354004]
[2.2873809337615967]
[14.017306327819824]
[0.9715418219566345]
[0.22704145312309265]
[0.7744914293289185]
[0.7186201214790344]
[1.0978131294250488]
[0.7039848566055298]
[0.6709641814231873]
[9.89453411102295]
[1.9037137031555176]
[0.1828620731830597]
[0.8039077520370483]
[6.8315606117248535]
[1.2318310737609863]
[6.131300449371338]
[6.5836639404296875]
[9.679927825927734]
[13.202655792236328]
[4.579932689666748]
[1.344672679901123]
[0.6025265455245972]
[3.6181910037994385]
[0.7136936783790588]
[0.6553409099578857]
[9.952981948852539]
[119.95465850830078]
[1.11765718460083]
[19.50237464904785]
[7.503712177276611]
[0.8535703420639038]
[2.4910144805908203]
[3.8009603023529053]
[8.47076416015625]
[0.9750875234603882]
[1.0870383977890015]
[3.364900827407837]
[0.3702203333377838]
[0.033043961971998215]
[3.221149206161499]
[3.1267995834350586]
[0.5242558121681213]
[0.2452000230550766]
[2.509336471557617]
[1.1854342222213745]
[209.2289276123047]
[7.508070468902588]
[12.468585014343262]
[0.6552989482879639]
[18.939258575439453]
[4.714961051940918]
[0.7835869789123535]
[2.587423801422119]
[1.3058156967163086]
[5.60269832611084]
[2.222813606262207]
[11.367488861083984]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.3002912998199463]
[1.7096116542816162]
[1.194864273071289]
[1.221156120300293]
[1.4810194969177246]
[1.790993094444275]
[0.22634398937225342]
[3.01650333404541]
[1.4321105480194092]
[2.3285574913024902]
[0.49238985776901245]
[4.480898380279541]
[2.363715410232544]
[0.6138601899147034]
[0.5724480748176575]
[14.020145416259766]
[8.947534561157227]
[1.6209197044372559]
[0.9455260634422302]
[1.0071924924850464]
[0.8139558434486389]
[0.5965657830238342]
[1.1848136186599731]
[0.12027908116579056]
[0.2255222201347351]
[0.604962944984436]
[1.03072190284729]
[0.43079835176467896]
[0.9969820976257324]
[1.977339744567871]
[0.4988212287425995]
[45.00723648071289]
[0.14228814840316772]
[0.7462568879127502]
[6.771973133087158]
[5.400259971618652]
[2.11772084236145]
[19.6657657623291]
[191.31117248535156]
[1.0361006259918213]
[0.8509632349014282]
[14.913429260253906]
[1.3783339262008667]
[1.0860573053359985]
[1.8893427848815918]
[0.6114652156829834]
[14.683187484741211]
[0.43088480830192566]
[7.670485019683838]
[0.9039985537528992]
[0.7279496192932129]
[0.8133240342140198]
[0.03437775745987892]
[2.0796658992767334]
[0.8994966745376587]
[0.47684693336486816]
[4.527116775512695]
[1.8172805309295654]
[0.7123174071311951]
[25.948259353637695]
[3.0117621421813965]
[0.5257008075714111]
[2.349048376083374]
[1.106088399887085]
[2.5040571689605713]
[1.3944729566574097]
[1.1885442733764648]
[0.34138262271881104]
[1.1736332178115845]
[1.1156296730041504]
[1.1011154651641846]
[2.9999446868896484]
[0.38026759028434753]
[0.7427688837051392]
[0.32014405727386475]
[0.469381183385849]
[3.1630280017852783]
[4.7491841316223145]
[0.07963404059410095]
[2.9753503799438477]
[0.8565165996551514]
[2.1165385246276855]
[0.6335231065750122]
[0.40691283345222473]
[2.2041738033294678]
[4.643864154815674]
[0.9129806756973267]
[6.5158796310424805]
[0.05424943566322327]
[0.3663669526576996]
[0.9367678761482239]
[2.3667829036712646]
[0.5216115117073059]
[121.33157348632812]
[0.7443841695785522]
[0.5595325231552124]
[0.814953088760376]
[1.8541345596313477]
[0.49942442774772644]
[5.893158435821533]
[2.3095781803131104]
[4.481212615966797]
[4.7680983543396]
[0.8255302309989929]
[454.2544860839844]
[5.624596118927002]
[2.6937081813812256]
[4.998279571533203]
[0.03104127198457718]
[0.7114023566246033]
[1.7390189170837402]
[24.471139907836914]
[2.507450819015503]
[5.690518379211426]
[0.6588568687438965]
[2.1370646953582764]
[2.843353509902954]
[0.8544288873672485]
[25.116439819335938]
[2.470764398574829]
[7.858489513397217]
[5.2978925704956055]
[1.2850078344345093]
[7.099414825439453]
[1.1827753782272339]
[0.6344414949417114]
[0.7284608483314514]
[0.5411078333854675]
[6.6834025382995605]
[0.6024385690689087]
[0.9689119458198547]
[17.91480255126953]
[1.1443841457366943]
[4.103875637054443]
[0.3767009675502777]
[0.4928136467933655]
[0.863391101360321]
[1.270704746246338]
[2.8431851863861084]
[1.6974502801895142]
[16.264572143554688]
[0.9618496894836426]
[0.5741926431655884]
[3.7480456829071045]
[2.543302536010742]
[2.9011647701263428]
[0.22117218375205994]
[3.9710073471069336]
[120.58343505859375]
[0.2904948890209198]
[12.315622329711914]
[4.262608528137207]
[2.7237296104431152]
[1.1408607959747314]
[0.7760521769523621]
[0.8894795179367065]
[0.04226500540971756]
[4.021433353424072]
[0.4034004509449005]
[0.4305683374404907]
[0.6652746796607971]
[0.5397485494613647]
[36.302528381347656]
[8.312911033630371]
[1.0769864320755005]
[13.470897674560547]
[0.6737303137779236]
[1.0002906322479248]
[1.0695663690567017]
[1.3468414545059204]
[1.255731463432312]
[11.184377670288086]
[1.6058071851730347]
[0.7385152578353882]
[0.8523848652839661]
[0.617835521697998]
[228.83865356445312]
[0.9346575140953064]
[2.5892834663391113]
[0.8735349178314209]
[2.8383431434631348]
[0.40122780203819275]
[3.918992280960083]
[0.6595686078071594]
[2.0853641033172607]
[0.5483668446540833]
[0.7972838878631592]
[6.436685562133789]
[0.4119507968425751]
[2.6984524726867676]
[1.0675654411315918]
[0.4289151728153229]
[1.1823463439941406]
[51.11289978027344]
[0.44791290163993835]
[3.8121261596679688]
[0.3582060635089874]
[0.7664457559585571]
[2.4771742820739746]
[0.44115737080574036]
[0.09071459621191025]
[8.214269638061523]
[3.4220876693725586]
[0.08183450996875763]
[11.433823585510254]
[7.534346103668213]
[1.3989567756652832]
[1.2609807252883911]
[0.9565568566322327]
[5.678865432739258]
[0.9562007188796997]
[0.24575330317020416]
[0.6564892530441284]
[14.4147310256958]
[0.11096905916929245]
[6.373886585235596]
[4.424695014953613]
[4.112908840179443]
[0.6951184868812561]
[2.0229392051696777]
[0.8031602501869202]
[2.2345898151397705]
[0.47795581817626953]
[1.2721197605133057]
[0.6065309643745422]
[7.025530815124512]
[0.6975853443145752]
[1.7937889099121094]
[2.470761299133301]
[2.078011989593506]
[14.073338508605957]
[1.0170793533325195]
[423.92578125]
[0.5349259376525879]
[0.9658298492431641]
[0.04845587909221649]
[11.338581085205078]
[2.431154727935791]
[0.9285092353820801]
[1.7165069580078125]
[0.7770012021064758]
[1.250352382659912]
[0.5654611587524414]
[2.310354232788086]
[1.9584250450134277]
[2.8081064224243164]
[12.190123558044434]
[5.228135585784912]
[3.900239944458008]
[0.9495959281921387]
[15.911113739013672]
[0.8555858731269836]
[1.1918823719024658]
[0.4988635778427124]
[0.49924373626708984]
[3.205014705657959]
[229.5723419189453]
[17.072004318237305]
[1.5654311180114746]
[2.041625738143921]
[2.2038285732269287]
[202.9153289794922]
[1.1872665882110596]
[1.147530198097229]
[0.3598143458366394]
[13.560604095458984]
[19.1368465423584]
[3.5190320014953613]
[1.7612742185592651]
[0.8951348066329956]
[0.528486430644989]
[0.6569402813911438]
[1.0730769634246826]
[0.8552870750427246]
[4.135678291320801]
[1.4940112829208374]
[2.6531665325164795]
[1.7518713474273682]
[1.9496815204620361]
[1.7266350984573364]
[1.9126484394073486]
[0.5744656324386597]
[19.667829513549805]
[154.3358612060547]
[1.347652554512024]
[0.9384185671806335]
[0.7346643805503845]
[8.959123611450195]
[0.38003531098365784]
[0.360820472240448]
[0.7475243210792542]
[0.15428543090820312]
[2.5520856380462646]
[0.3040143847465515]
[8.376117706298828]
[7.748167037963867]
[0.384556382894516]
[1.2264045476913452]
[2.002838373184204]
[0.623406708240509]
[5.523698806762695]
[2.1023244857788086]
[7.804805755615234]
[3.546351909637451]
[2.208573341369629]
[34.11394119262695]
[0.7119432687759399]
[0.9254467487335205]
[1.4578498601913452]
[1.2940733432769775]
[122.23963165283203]
[4.478271007537842]
[2.492734432220459]
[0.32548725605010986]
[2.004812717437744]
[4.2259368896484375]
[2.963383197784424]
[0.48422470688819885]
[2.929023504257202]
[2.310809373855591]
[1.1160838603973389]
[0.7510054707527161]
[0.4690811038017273]
[10.194321632385254]
[175.26271057128906]
[0.36455482244491577]
[10.83230209350586]
[10.713788032531738]
[0.5185762047767639]
[0.46417000889778137]
[0.44742095470428467]
[0.39300382137298584]
[4.021940231323242]
[2.415358066558838]
[20.1708927154541]
[4.27778959274292]
[14.157607078552246]
[277.27996826171875]
[14.323121070861816]
[0.7204951643943787]
[0.4948575496673584]
[1.0955861806869507]
[0.4649737477302551]
[0.5727027654647827]
[8.836472511291504]
[7.039428234100342]
[0.5627356767654419]
[5.516991138458252]
[18.758405685424805]
[1.3646396398544312]
[4.30533504486084]
[1.1219080686569214]
[6.070740222930908]
[12.624828338623047]
[0.44901618361473083]
[8.652386665344238]
[8.790918350219727]
[2.044661521911621]
[3.3158931732177734]
[0.7891907691955566]
[0.8992636203765869]
[7.2632269859313965]
[0.6304211616516113]
[10.572402000427246]
[12.803363800048828]
[0.9003899097442627]
[1.28877592086792]
[9.512693405151367]
[1.0460270643234253]
[2.645883798599243]
[2.6148931980133057]
[1.0232142210006714]
[4.351304531097412]
[1.917667031288147]
[0.06900309771299362]
[3.680605173110962]
[4.223019599914551]
[1.1150591373443604]
[1.3554582595825195]
[0.9694191813468933]
[0.39597833156585693]
[1.860000491142273]
[0.2926096022129059]
[5.642335891723633]
[14.30162239074707]
[0.5602585077285767]
[20.384286880493164]
[10.21125316619873]
[1.1019644737243652]
[20.308683395385742]
[304.9804992675781]
[1.0445424318313599]
[1.7410154342651367]
[0.7592864036560059]
[0.08865562081336975]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.25086784362793]
[4.138665676116943]
[1.296932578086853]
[7.10042667388916]
[0.7082777619361877]
[1.7099738121032715]
[1.223797082901001]
[0.7496668100357056]
[6.098291397094727]
[1.395926833152771]
[0.07535165548324585]
[1.9693882465362549]
[8.227170944213867]
[6.409482479095459]
[0.465828537940979]
[3.055210590362549]
[0.9267057776451111]
[0.45898863673210144]
[86.58485412597656]
[0.44285163283348083]
[0.5151203274726868]
[0.40367764234542847]
[10.077749252319336]
[0.6321737170219421]
[1.6834990978240967]
[14.820470809936523]
[1.7859867811203003]
[16.719829559326172]
[13.535740852355957]
[4.779336929321289]
[0.3622402846813202]
[0.49256160855293274]
[2.998734474182129]
[0.8143683671951294]
[3.3223884105682373]
[1.0879871845245361]
[6.021074295043945]
[3.0897397994995117]
[1.7896174192428589]
[195.6835174560547]
[3.774168014526367]
[1.6934068202972412]
[16.277828216552734]
[0.4350736141204834]
[11.223039627075195]
[0.3445664346218109]
[0.8010009527206421]
[0.6141983270645142]
[0.7475210428237915]
[1.195621132850647]
[2.242872714996338]
[0.3507010340690613]
[0.683707594871521]
[4.731933116912842]
[0.3596459925174713]
[5.1372880935668945]
[1.659239649772644]
[1.3912806510925293]
[2.380549669265747]
[0.7475845217704773]
[0.6034702062606812]
[14.950970649719238]
[0.6571208834648132]
[0.4929124712944031]
[3.0624840259552]
[0.4878367483615875]
[0.7397181987762451]
[0.034786075353622437]
[0.725696861743927]
[0.4218384027481079]
[2.8935275077819824]
[3.7875335216522217]
[0.9415014386177063]
[0.4732193648815155]
[191.56402587890625]
[0.9774302840232849]
[2.451744794845581]
[0.3157237470149994]
[1.6174207925796509]
[1.7582728862762451]
[1.269961953163147]
[0.054996561259031296]
[0.017036207020282745]
[0.6692197322845459]
[2.0795531272888184]
[0.5163435339927673]
[1.0428307056427002]
[0.14956088364124298]
[5.217432022094727]
[0.09114467352628708]
[0.700746476650238]
[3.3367834091186523]
[1.5887908935546875]
[3.0252621173858643]
[5.350606918334961]
[1.1692272424697876]
[411.9009094238281]
[18.558753967285156]
[2.051344394683838]
[0.7812039256095886]
[3.307433843612671]
[1.5097594261169434]
[0.42548033595085144]
[3.7777044773101807]
[0.7685950398445129]
[0.48440930247306824]
[6.034361362457275]
[2.2719502449035645]
[2.8458621501922607]
[1.2742098569869995]
[0.6762319803237915]
[1.3937745094299316]
[2.101278781890869]
[0.6481301188468933]
[1.6817359924316406]
[0.8364397287368774]
[6.237469673156738]
[6.261099815368652]
[121.73379516601562]
[1.3705337047576904]
[1.4109264612197876]
[0.2187223881483078]
[0.47133395075798035]
[33.752254486083984]
[0.033798083662986755]
[34.67396545410156]
[1.4776571989059448]
[4.1286396980285645]
[1.9442607164382935]
[0.8799183368682861]
[2.023362874984741]
[1.8343327045440674]
[2.1581645011901855]
[4.9355058670043945]
[0.5148824453353882]
[2.4043188095092773]
[1.685400128364563]
[2.113133192062378]
[3.454885244369507]
[3.4824674129486084]
[0.49526599049568176]
[1.4151889085769653]
[12.815591812133789]
[14.10307502746582]
[11.26007080078125]
[2.619741916656494]
[0.03260388970375061]
[12.705785751342773]
[1.509260892868042]
[2.010186195373535]
[2.0322072505950928]
[0.5087258815765381]
[11.46252155303955]
[0.9537032842636108]
[0.733846127986908]
[2.8230538368225098]
[17.389524459838867]
[1.0156513452529907]
[2.9657557010650635]
[5.179214000701904]
[5.184661865234375]
[27.728349685668945]
[0.4029659032821655]
[0.8930619955062866]
[195.7368927001953]
[0.617679238319397]
[2.4644687175750732]
[1.2841969728469849]
[5.075971603393555]
[0.4379670321941376]
[0.5950393080711365]
[3.563732385635376]
[0.34828150272369385]
[269.3145446777344]
[2.3426244258880615]
[3.1353347301483154]
[1.1634124517440796]
[5.345022678375244]
[3.3499650955200195]
[142.7782440185547]
[0.7037088871002197]
[0.6909500360488892]
[4.588587284088135]
[0.92389976978302]
[1.9252430200576782]
[9.854604721069336]
[0.7863655090332031]
[2.702857732772827]
[0.08680664747953415]
[1.4909766912460327]
[8.800768852233887]
[0.6188830733299255]
[2.486645460128784]
[0.799228847026825]
[279.6405029296875]
[22.771656036376953]
[0.5550357699394226]
[1.2342356443405151]
[1.502599835395813]
[2.5908870697021484]
[2.641052007675171]
[0.6381237506866455]
[3.4970154762268066]
[1.6603492498397827]
[8.036720275878906]
[0.4922201931476593]
[9.00245475769043]
[4.070764541625977]
[0.6402848958969116]
[3.6743695735931396]
[0.8324833512306213]
[1.2198474407196045]
[0.5122923254966736]
[3.2995424270629883]
[0.41164395213127136]
[0.843312680721283]
[1.5089079141616821]
[4.582219123840332]
[444.9234313964844]
[0.4351074993610382]
[0.6646333932876587]
[0.7599985599517822]
[0.585073709487915]
[10.545282363891602]
[0.43662354350090027]
[0.8593941330909729]
[0.5435176491737366]
[2.768342971801758]
[137.86590576171875]
[250.29287719726562]
[1.383826732635498]
[1.929509162902832]
[11.278886795043945]
[5.867900371551514]
[11.842015266418457]
[2.0213027000427246]
[7.825372219085693]
[3.59824275970459]
[1.9483600854873657]
[0.2209426462650299]
[3.0853159427642822]
[2.1876513957977295]
[0.28684714436531067]
[3.448272705078125]
[0.4889248013496399]
[2.6338412761688232]
[6.0139360427856445]
[14.158167839050293]
[3.365955114364624]
[4.564802646636963]
[1.326625943183899]
[5.425485134124756]
[14.507308006286621]
[0.5280442237854004]
[27.988849639892578]
[2.487539768218994]
[2.075800895690918]
[4.392839431762695]
[4.289587497711182]
[4.444578647613525]
[0.40766263008117676]
[4.289771556854248]
[1.0735952854156494]
[3.9343249797821045]
[1.7702052593231201]
[0.6234274506568909]
[9.632111549377441]
[0.38092276453971863]
[1.0688369274139404]
[0.8878324031829834]
[3.495265245437622]
[0.6876381635665894]
[1.7535216808319092]
[0.864763617515564]
[2.379437208175659]
[3.921170711517334]
[0.8984746336936951]
[27.999889373779297]
[2.9731993675231934]
[6.319438934326172]
[4.096787929534912]
[0.5687757134437561]
[0.49015089869499207]
[4.998331069946289]
[0.758919358253479]
[1.17123281955719]
[0.6682589054107666]
[0.8266549110412598]
[0.468129962682724]
[0.7022556066513062]
[2.452078342437744]
[1.6855734586715698]
[1.0345897674560547]
[6.295268535614014]
[1.7887784242630005]
[3.52227783203125]
[0.4376312494277954]
[1.8978930711746216]
[2.560689926147461]
[15.791508674621582]
[5.949976921081543]
[0.36262840032577515]
[0.46960097551345825]
[6.824134349822998]
[3.046076774597168]
[3.6805734634399414]
[15.534686088562012]
[0.8062513470649719]
[5.763137340545654]
[0.838042676448822]
[3.4693005084991455]
[0.9034081101417542]
[1.019569993019104]
[0.5257865190505981]
[0.2630424201488495]
[1.1037439107894897]
[4.2728705406188965]
[1.221538782119751]
[0.4298075735569]
[0.9927420020103455]
[11.445440292358398]
[2.7548024654388428]
[0.7148588299751282]
[0.45235133171081543]
[0.7383067607879639]
[0.5837783217430115]
[1.7935457229614258]
[1.399919033050537]
[2.8274054527282715]
[2.6354427337646484]
[122.27471923828125]
[0.8680002093315125]
[0.6925396919250488]
[235.60105895996094]
[9.238849639892578]
[0.7763407230377197]
[4.511228084564209]
[0.2914466857910156]
[5.299886703491211]
[0.7348453998565674]
[4.244266510009766]
[11.667712211608887]
[6.062614917755127]
[10.33697509765625]
[1.850174069404602]
[5.788455963134766]
[11.024308204650879]
[13.575246810913086]
[6.586467266082764]
[3.3052167892456055]
[0.43303459882736206]
[5.161092758178711]
[30.954980850219727]
[0.3422051668167114]
[0.9844918251037598]
[2.549626350402832]
[0.3648376762866974]
[5.513655185699463]
[0.6800312995910645]
[0.8739060759544373]
[4.341343879699707]
[0.9662107825279236]
[3.5430376529693604]
[0.5974292755126953]
[4.149684906005859]
[1.1413217782974243]
[12.0519437789917]
[0.05850398913025856]
[1.1313755512237549]
[0.525538444519043]
[0.7341824173927307]
[6.75394344329834]
[6.446444511413574]
[8.335012435913086]
[496.5782775878906]
[1.4004935026168823]
[5.364792346954346]
[313.7720031738281]
[2.220254898071289]
[9.35568904876709]
[22.801034927368164]
[0.8975293636322021]
[0.46447983384132385]
[0.4542789161205292]
[0.9201063513755798]
[3.982614517211914]
[1.0158933401107788]
[1.0456843376159668]
[2.1428401470184326]
[0.8701418042182922]
[1.3445111513137817]
[6.5457305908203125]
[1.5871467590332031]
[15.610106468200684]
[4.36327600479126]
[0.08366231620311737]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.788151741027832]
[2.4030942916870117]
[4.222697734832764]
[9.787557601928711]
[18.347448348999023]
[1.7967451810836792]
[1.7701023817062378]
[4.290034770965576]
[5.335160732269287]
[8.707023620605469]
[2.641096830368042]
[10.05553913116455]
[0.4466134011745453]
[0.5458563566207886]
[3.0511395931243896]
[0.7228556275367737]
[14.33499526977539]
[1.1893959045410156]
[3.549069881439209]
[1.0776305198669434]
[1.840813398361206]
[11.911336898803711]
[0.5664153099060059]
[0.6267250180244446]
[4.2943572998046875]
[18.371559143066406]
[13.826349258422852]
[1.4030643701553345]
[1.3379278182983398]
[2.240546464920044]
[1.9004325866699219]
[1.068773627281189]
[0.395251989364624]
[3.289043664932251]
[4.577426910400391]
[7.0451130867004395]
[25.226318359375]
[1.4398994445800781]
[104.48067474365234]
[0.468771755695343]
[1.8379451036453247]
[1.3538432121276855]
[0.41784706711769104]
[1.0830974578857422]
[26.446359634399414]
[0.6117205619812012]
[0.5618855953216553]
[3.0870797634124756]
[1.97748601436615]
[1.9273173809051514]
[0.40882882475852966]
[10.758275032043457]
[1.4790472984313965]
[2.3732433319091797]
[0.3668822944164276]
[1.5571130514144897]
[7.693325042724609]
[2.6444668769836426]
[0.757768988609314]
[12.857715606689453]
[0.6568857431411743]
[13.385992050170898]
[0.9478840827941895]
[0.5382177233695984]
[97.61058807373047]
[10.475808143615723]
[5.603421688079834]
[0.33475837111473083]
[1.6914851665496826]
[0.9681884050369263]
[5.657810211181641]
[2.6129817962646484]
[43.374324798583984]
[88.20690155029297]
[291.628662109375]
[17.710857391357422]
[3.488598108291626]
[1.491719365119934]
[6.110947132110596]
[2.1578872203826904]
[0.5456942319869995]
[0.7234496474266052]
[0.9842038154602051]
[2.9061899185180664]
[1.597426176071167]
[34.913414001464844]
[15.288080215454102]
[4.624343395233154]
[3.9237678050994873]
[0.03188963234424591]
[0.2029855102300644]
[0.06897802650928497]
[0.7404625415802002]
[1.4753226041793823]
[0.8334364891052246]
[0.818642258644104]
[9.785606384277344]
[1.664872646331787]
[2.8601202964782715]
[1.6664527654647827]
[5.943265438079834]
[1.1833617687225342]
[0.19012750685214996]
[14.231528282165527]
[0.5637500882148743]
[0.3798976540565491]
[6.084394931793213]
[0.6182082891464233]
[0.5172328352928162]
[0.6433685421943665]
[3.005873203277588]
[1.1946617364883423]
[129.5700225830078]
[1.2344013452529907]
[0.5548008680343628]
[1.1009478569030762]
[3.769821882247925]
[18.52691078186035]
[452.2258605957031]
[0.9890730977058411]
[2.1958796977996826]
[1.5577077865600586]
[1.7619171142578125]
[1.956032395362854]
[0.1449265033006668]
[4.371833324432373]
[0.9554144144058228]
[1.7882449626922607]
[4.298754692077637]
[14.556181907653809]
[1.701176643371582]
[2.497044324874878]
[3.0199086666107178]
[2.0499510765075684]
[10.757650375366211]
[3.0739011764526367]
[0.6782505512237549]
[4.2267842292785645]
[0.7853846549987793]
[0.5991634130477905]
[4.273312568664551]
[205.55641174316406]
[48.92927169799805]
[0.3713366389274597]
[4.452632427215576]
[0.7635051012039185]
[0.845821738243103]
[1.7999881505966187]
[5.91522216796875]
[0.8973184823989868]
[1.2318706512451172]
[0.48523589968681335]
[3.5072410106658936]
[8.210796356201172]
[4.40531587600708]
[2.1707727909088135]
[12.367467880249023]
[4.633997440338135]
[1.7581335306167603]
[20.359874725341797]
[1.2629787921905518]
[1.091468095779419]
[0.7046571373939514]
[1.6243754625320435]
[1.5607728958129883]
[0.5875087380409241]
[31.723735809326172]
[1.0552970170974731]
[11.798942565917969]
[0.49348050355911255]
[1.7777496576309204]
[8.21957015991211]
[0.5180258750915527]
[0.8825553059577942]
[0.9016238451004028]
[0.7673331499099731]
[163.14198303222656]
[0.8473623394966125]
[0.26249194145202637]
[3.6774399280548096]
[1.3483479022979736]
[1.2355730533599854]
[2.4438047409057617]
[0.7031844854354858]
[120.45404052734375]
[11.026413917541504]
[13.736711502075195]
[1.9688113927841187]
[0.3083462417125702]
[0.4853999614715576]
[15.503732681274414]
[0.3846687376499176]
[3.873542547225952]
[0.4655069410800934]
[1.7244333028793335]
[8.777064323425293]
[0.9177971482276917]
[25.114025115966797]
[4.253036975860596]
[0.7741309404373169]
[1.8890373706817627]
[0.3301531970500946]
[2.3811416625976562]
[0.4771537780761719]
[0.8080544471740723]
[0.7696007490158081]
[1.259893774986267]
[0.039826396852731705]
[304.91473388671875]
[5.5265607833862305]
[11.227886199951172]
[0.4264901280403137]
[10.01125717163086]
[4.175924777984619]
[5.943824291229248]
[2.101106882095337]
[2.3191497325897217]
[0.6267321109771729]
[0.4212026596069336]
[2.1873977184295654]
[5.296167373657227]
[2.5769412517547607]
[1.1890453100204468]
[1.5139912366867065]
[1.877407193183899]
[1.5460013151168823]
[7.314294815063477]
[3.631303310394287]
[3.1353843212127686]
[2.7029426097869873]
[2.0583088397979736]
[1.2794899940490723]
[2.1956052780151367]
[3.1807634830474854]
[3.494137763977051]
[4.77554988861084]
[2.1833784580230713]
[2.668060302734375]
[3.334221124649048]
[7.486811637878418]
[27.396076202392578]
[7.767120361328125]
[0.7775521874427795]
[2.843423843383789]
[4.3896589279174805]
[32.84541320800781]
[1.1340105533599854]
[57.6397819519043]
[1.4512662887573242]
[7.536393642425537]
[9.050331115722656]
[1.1017547845840454]
[273.25634765625]
[4.810070037841797]
[0.40133655071258545]
[5.3670525550842285]
[1.3717762231826782]
[0.5925115942955017]
[2.5984854698181152]
[6.276966571807861]
[0.8269221782684326]
[1.6570781469345093]
[0.5018301606178284]
[0.612061083316803]
[2.298152446746826]
[42.60402297973633]
[0.34841880202293396]
[5.0868635177612305]
[0.34481412172317505]
[0.9757554531097412]
[134.22210693359375]
[0.4942784011363983]
[3.798013210296631]
[0.7235265970230103]
[11.794180870056152]
[27.062602996826172]
[1.0538579225540161]
[0.4485555589199066]
[3.731696128845215]
[1.5291670560836792]
[0.07137985527515411]
[0.47184497117996216]
[8.67334270477295]
[3.8873214721679688]
[2.3614912033081055]
[3.089097261428833]
[0.14926905930042267]
[0.6150473952293396]
[3.9451744556427]
[14.031495094299316]
[0.3666764199733734]
[0.6251073479652405]
[0.4006095230579376]
[2.3162412643432617]
[1.9427608251571655]
[157.319091796875]
[1.7473963499069214]
[4.310879707336426]
[0.9547198414802551]
[0.33679598569869995]
[2.1632158756256104]
[6.373510360717773]
[2.9851443767547607]
[2.817631483078003]
[0.5548638701438904]
[3.0312588214874268]
[4.541753768920898]
[3.007711172103882]
[0.34077832102775574]
[1.3321892023086548]
[9.795675277709961]
[3.831035852432251]
[0.8407527208328247]
[0.6921766400337219]
[50.8546142578125]
[2.652557134628296]
[0.4995573163032532]
[1.2793399095535278]
[3.001701593399048]
[0.38279688358306885]
[2.083052635192871]
[0.5072374939918518]
[0.5980173945426941]
[0.8642423152923584]
[120.34159851074219]
[2.093217372894287]
[0.31463298201560974]
[2.5102739334106445]
[0.6107599139213562]
[2.3099939823150635]
[0.9536580443382263]
[2.2472167015075684]
[13.102243423461914]
[0.9653595685958862]
[0.8624703288078308]
[0.8392281532287598]
[0.905517041683197]
[1.1936650276184082]
[0.6565930247306824]
[5.289114475250244]
[0.7241690754890442]
[1.1031285524368286]
[0.5534521341323853]
[0.5062147378921509]
[1.121394157409668]
[0.173075869679451]
[0.707551121711731]
[1.6469814777374268]
[2.7586851119995117]
[2.0042221546173096]
[0.5138261318206787]
[0.322793185710907]
[3.1200931072235107]
[0.6457883715629578]
[0.24531668424606323]
[408.5879211425781]
[2.017054796218872]
[0.06295428425073624]
[96.53103637695312]
[2.759098768234253]
[4.244818687438965]
[0.5823402404785156]
[14.805293083190918]
[1.7805885076522827]
[9.97817611694336]
[7.281699180603027]
[7.508459091186523]
[14.937114715576172]
[4.142212867736816]
[3.4694626331329346]
[3.030996322631836]
[0.24720841646194458]
[0.6757076382637024]
[6.42877197265625]
[1.6122605800628662]
[0.7292241454124451]
[1.2169733047485352]
[1.7658876180648804]
[6.016895294189453]
[5.311919689178467]
[1.5512688159942627]
[2.796570062637329]
[0.1366387903690338]
[0.31126195192337036]
[24.9295711517334]
[0.7773832678794861]
[2.0827198028564453]
[1.1150106191635132]
[11.96818733215332]
[0.6742227077484131]
[0.689044177532196]
[3.299621343612671]
[3.0102429389953613]
[25.28913116455078]
[1.5845493078231812]
[7.172102451324463]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[10.679350852966309]
[1.7210068702697754]
[0.7818227410316467]
[1.5106141567230225]
[2.5879323482513428]
[1.5700711011886597]
[3.4339447021484375]
[1.5702216625213623]
[1.2970390319824219]
[0.6421301960945129]
[1.171486258506775]
[3.3643155097961426]
[7.171733856201172]
[0.6653394103050232]
[1.019214153289795]
[2.0051021575927734]
[7.738815784454346]
[3.1187751293182373]
[1.2268614768981934]
[3.6831247806549072]
[0.8771610856056213]
[120.18618774414062]
[0.5430036187171936]
[0.8185523748397827]
[0.32795950770378113]
[0.6583685278892517]
[0.16101402044296265]
[1.7054346799850464]
[3.608262300491333]
[24.125295639038086]
[1.4111698865890503]
[4.835200786590576]
[0.793353796005249]
[0.5552398562431335]
[5.655486583709717]
[1.2895941734313965]
[0.6407902240753174]
[7.233176231384277]
[7.128230094909668]
[2.929975986480713]
[13.46790885925293]
[5.150798797607422]
[227.38377380371094]
[1.440526008605957]
[1.8132612705230713]
[3.783407688140869]
[6.689799785614014]
[3.2814502716064453]
[0.33277252316474915]
[8.797419548034668]
[18.244531631469727]
[0.5805790424346924]
[0.4070656895637512]
[126.73894500732422]
[1.0983589887619019]
[0.4687992036342621]
[1.037600040435791]
[2.9008255004882812]
[4.016333103179932]
[2.4751176834106445]
[11.051684379577637]
[2.952838182449341]
[2.3555572032928467]
[1.8115942478179932]
[7.25993537902832]
[3.8424975872039795]
[5.1571173667907715]
[1.7672972679138184]
[1.4353300333023071]
[14.132214546203613]
[65.24478149414062]
[0.44374969601631165]
[0.4545170068740845]
[0.833051860332489]
[0.5764412879943848]
[0.9338465929031372]
[12.652873992919922]
[0.6793872714042664]
[0.29748284816741943]
[0.666358232498169]
[1.4558384418487549]
[0.7311498522758484]
[1.7427676916122437]
[9.976799964904785]
[0.7872673869132996]
[0.3763485252857208]
[0.8260738253593445]
[0.8235767483711243]
[0.9074568152427673]
[1.485742211341858]
[0.07065678387880325]
[2.8399243354797363]
[0.34264424443244934]
[0.9801691174507141]
[0.47760188579559326]
[1.6861575841903687]
[1.4186091423034668]
[1.4155863523483276]
[0.3206019997596741]
[1.0162677764892578]
[9.04629135131836]
[0.3828149735927582]
[0.6321046352386475]
[0.11935301125049591]
[0.44449761509895325]
[0.8876561522483826]
[0.4063740074634552]
[0.05235714465379715]
[0.462602436542511]
[0.6472216844558716]
[1.3415030241012573]
[1.4380215406417847]
[0.7172819375991821]
[1.7089505195617676]
[1.9412928819656372]
[17.316925048828125]
[0.2666083574295044]
[0.05581127107143402]
[2.0191855430603027]
[2.811293601989746]
[7.327974319458008]
[0.5428808331489563]
[0.31800377368927]
[0.9870232343673706]
[120.95413208007812]
[0.439158171415329]
[26.3655948638916]
[0.36294737458229065]
[0.47756293416023254]
[0.7132713198661804]
[0.6445143222808838]
[1.9652897119522095]
[0.45667630434036255]
[0.31787368655204773]
[0.4266589283943176]
[0.5899426341056824]
[0.5525205135345459]
[6.568737983703613]
[0.6455950736999512]
[0.35264912247657776]
[0.018966544419527054]
[5.195467472076416]
[0.6321375370025635]
[0.5206987857818604]
[0.3127083480358124]
[0.3864481449127197]
[0.2889457941055298]
[1.0182183980941772]
[0.8315505981445312]
[0.28504085540771484]
[0.7087701559066772]
[0.38826119899749756]
[0.5276973247528076]
[3.3262593746185303]
[0.6390436291694641]
[0.3559243083000183]
[0.7228603959083557]
[9.776557922363281]
[0.3027864396572113]
[0.7729282975196838]
[2.254420280456543]
[3.3141164779663086]
[0.6357609033584595]
[0.6960853338241577]
[1.5158555507659912]
[1.972059726715088]
[12.562891960144043]
[93.76089477539062]
[164.4263458251953]
[1.2953602075576782]
[3.2292284965515137]
[2.28961181640625]
[0.7220661044120789]
[0.9297661781311035]
[0.1147959902882576]
[18.2569580078125]
[0.48947659134864807]
[1.0627686977386475]
[4.780503749847412]
[3.671429395675659]
[0.5695820450782776]
[1.7812614440917969]
[0.25576213002204895]
[1.7067499160766602]
[0.29269278049468994]
[1.736027717590332]
[1.9180552959442139]
[0.31390315294265747]
[0.5360109210014343]
[111.9474105834961]
[1.3313205242156982]
[0.49711987376213074]
[0.47795039415359497]
[2.127197504043579]
[0.4459511935710907]
[18.373329162597656]
[4.430233955383301]
[3.0236780643463135]
[0.32517674565315247]
[1.0923224687576294]
[10.324012756347656]
[3.393899917602539]
[1.2038716077804565]
[0.4180707633495331]
[0.5091770887374878]
[0.5372554659843445]
[0.11728928238153458]
[0.3515925705432892]
[1.7438207864761353]
[71.13691711425781]
[0.39028245210647583]
[0.421731561422348]
[1.4417297840118408]
[7.334490776062012]
[0.023396529257297516]
[1.2707817554473877]
[1.643366813659668]
[0.5316707491874695]
[17.21588897705078]
[116.71219635009766]
[0.799481213092804]
[0.04424702748656273]
[1.2604460716247559]
[7.3998260498046875]
[4.418665885925293]
[8.391732215881348]
[0.020218247547745705]
[0.39895233511924744]
[2.3819713592529297]
[4.224588871002197]
[6.905583381652832]
[14.797440528869629]
[1.7222763299942017]
[18.987564086914062]
[0.1595817655324936]
[0.611090362071991]
[2.7529146671295166]
[1.2335013151168823]
[0.836139976978302]
[1.6498063802719116]
[0.8460021018981934]
[26.417869567871094]
[2.2305901050567627]
[0.6290850639343262]
[7.203827381134033]
[1.8248471021652222]
[0.7314342260360718]
[0.6159878373146057]
[0.32598575949668884]
[0.35433852672576904]
[0.8567482829093933]
[1.7274037599563599]
[3.7920966148376465]
[4.459261894226074]
[21.351421356201172]
[0.8012069463729858]
[1.8767709732055664]
[0.3104603886604309]
[0.3483468294143677]
[1.203173041343689]
[0.5489038228988647]
[1.1154876947402954]
[1.0786477327346802]
[3.0324671268463135]
[10.585375785827637]
[6.208748817443848]
[0.6204112768173218]
[2.5418498516082764]
[9.878767967224121]
[0.30403628945350647]
[0.7019343376159668]
[0.5079567432403564]
[0.6014089584350586]
[0.22967298328876495]
[18.65946388244629]
[3.065309762954712]
[0.5453082323074341]
[0.458634614944458]
[0.46542108058929443]
[0.4775964617729187]
[0.22790645062923431]
[1.1361089944839478]
[0.07705923169851303]
[36.151302337646484]
[8.161785125732422]
[5.230194568634033]
[1.9645493030548096]
[0.7947145104408264]
[8.776921272277832]
[1.5614042282104492]
[14.127166748046875]
[12.750042915344238]
[13.57072639465332]
[448.9263916015625]
[0.26930779218673706]
[0.870117723941803]
[2.0616419315338135]
[0.4683740735054016]
[0.4375065267086029]
[1.1201069355010986]
[0.48303645849227905]
[0.4127615988254547]
[1.9669582843780518]
[12.946303367614746]
[1.741696834564209]
[0.8554381728172302]
[0.6202556490898132]
[0.8815527558326721]
[0.25284987688064575]
[0.7189018726348877]
[0.3765255808830261]
[4.541241645812988]
[16.681001663208008]
[7.874688148498535]
[1.409538745880127]
[14.5725679397583]
[1.4515652656555176]
[21.021791458129883]
[3.4536819458007812]
[3.1044762134552]
[0.989218533039093]
[1.67033052444458]
[0.2955712676048279]
[121.46551513671875]
[0.8011807799339294]
[0.477857768535614]
[27.845964431762695]
[1.3388904333114624]
[0.2516002058982849]
[175.47084045410156]
[1.9863468408584595]
[10.23986530303955]
[42.72361755371094]
[0.8631863594055176]
[1.8293406963348389]
[0.6125563383102417]
[1.0217880010604858]
[1.6891134977340698]
[0.41961634159088135]
[0.7723808884620667]
[1.1399074792861938]
[0.5699186325073242]
[4.560225486755371]
[0.49187248945236206]
[0.8283699750900269]
[4.473797798156738]
[0.4092349708080292]
[1.6012874841690063]
[14.712501525878906]
[1.6019675731658936]
[3.655987024307251]
[0.6608848571777344]
[2.865879774093628]
[9.493230819702148]
[1.2399728298187256]
[3.955836296081543]
[0.3581443428993225]
[1.5901095867156982]
[11.7904052734375]
[1.1284139156341553]
[47.787418365478516]
[1.2131390571594238]
[6.182776927947998]
[1.2898129224777222]
[0.6458644270896912]
[11.015970230102539]
[0.977561891078949]
[2.307446241378784]
[0.7919937372207642]
[96.26876831054688]
[19.043079376220703]
[8.066987037658691]
[3.0910897254943848]
[3.8272464275360107]
[0.3998059034347534]
[1.0746196508407593]
[0.7104972004890442]
[1.5943288803100586]
[4.288023471832275]
[1.45977783203125]
[3.809329032897949]
[28.198511123657227]
[0.581139087677002]
[31.496173858642578]
[0.8823443055152893]
[0.2155059427022934]
[30.095495223999023]
[12.057621002197266]
[0.9093098640441895]
[1.419763445854187]
[2.983370065689087]
[0.5369110107421875]
[1.2462613582611084]
[0.8048837780952454]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[18.114543914794922]
[0.8016431927680969]
[0.4593886435031891]
[2.879422664642334]
[1.120078682899475]
[0.5517762303352356]
[0.5403885245323181]
[1.903938889503479]
[2.433706760406494]
[2.5072197914123535]
[2.5418083667755127]
[69.69056701660156]
[9.460367202758789]
[0.7810472846031189]
[0.3630808889865875]
[0.3968844711780548]
[0.752621054649353]
[2.421281576156616]
[21.874095916748047]
[4.18035364151001]
[0.23359495401382446]
[1.8443559408187866]
[0.30026665329933167]
[0.6026334166526794]
[0.7794451117515564]
[0.982939600944519]
[0.880017876625061]
[12.812873840332031]
[13.906347274780273]
[0.29252371191978455]
[15.188750267028809]
[0.6058914065361023]
[3.096771001815796]
[0.5729418992996216]
[2.4222655296325684]
[4.110100269317627]
[184.74453735351562]
[3.305133581161499]
[290.00445556640625]
[0.34661924839019775]
[0.6303693056106567]
[5.83741569519043]
[0.22535324096679688]
[1.1498245000839233]
[0.9327012896537781]
[8.789580345153809]
[1.224855899810791]
[0.6717040538787842]
[6.357151031494141]
[0.6124948263168335]
[9.068467140197754]
[11.420321464538574]
[4.843117713928223]
[2.7425718307495117]
[0.3028009235858917]
[1.5863044261932373]
[0.565381646156311]
[3.4280965328216553]
[8.857165336608887]
[1.3392757177352905]
[48.2570686340332]
[2.066511869430542]
[0.5581972599029541]
[140.4463653564453]
[14.313324928283691]
[1.1186236143112183]
[0.022986669093370438]
[1.7386393547058105]
[1.4446982145309448]
[2.2420153617858887]
[2.4581379890441895]
[7.912728309631348]
[0.35006609559059143]
[10.215364456176758]
[1.219988226890564]
[0.5209462642669678]
[1.7876368761062622]
[6.52515983581543]
[1.262271761894226]
[2.0948030948638916]
[1.4071062803268433]
[7.70968770980835]
[0.6243327856063843]
[12.642955780029297]
[0.5700477957725525]
[8.130733489990234]
[0.2566801905632019]
[1.5041624307632446]
[4.069895267486572]
[0.7875516414642334]
[7.283621788024902]
[26.04678726196289]
[28.67157554626465]
[0.6789529323577881]
[5.6360764503479]
[3.3524887561798096]
[1.0371735095977783]
[4.6514506340026855]
[1.9320602416992188]
[1.7457853555679321]
[0.3562929034233093]
[2.6397716999053955]
[0.4184560477733612]
[5.86605167388916]
[0.643613338470459]
[0.5806952714920044]
[9.13521957397461]
[1.895193338394165]
[0.5286946296691895]
[0.5037717819213867]
[0.5929647088050842]
[3.2178711891174316]
[1.6004838943481445]
[0.4508153200149536]
[9.0381498336792]
[19.623144149780273]
[1.3709155321121216]
[2.973484516143799]
[21.166748046875]
[0.3880433738231659]
[2.1399595737457275]
[2.1559877395629883]
[1.442674994468689]
[0.3765839636325836]
[3.5745279788970947]
[10.127657890319824]
[0.5365129709243774]
[0.651121199131012]
[1.6186107397079468]
[0.5180356502532959]
[0.5888173580169678]
[0.7042168378829956]
[0.7118982672691345]
[0.48016270995140076]
[1.7228519916534424]
[0.490975558757782]
[0.687089204788208]
[3.2045540809631348]
[2.106191396713257]
[0.1369733214378357]
[0.2876471281051636]
[0.3761843144893646]
[0.27126532793045044]
[0.6789197325706482]
[6.05819845199585]
[0.3608061671257019]
[3.4473226070404053]
[0.036578405648469925]
[0.6631433367729187]
[0.36314746737480164]
[0.39953190088272095]
[397.5064697265625]
[0.9594576358795166]
[0.22856292128562927]
[0.927638828754425]
[5.030096054077148]
[1.103053331375122]
[1.8666905164718628]
[2.5892114639282227]
[1.1653295755386353]
[1.773484706878662]
[4.953199863433838]
[0.059165313839912415]
[7.207717418670654]
[0.5322090983390808]
[1.8588812351226807]
[0.8636125326156616]
[0.47786620259284973]
[0.44483935832977295]
[120.771728515625]
[4.261281967163086]
[0.07764693349599838]
[0.6618270874023438]
[2.2853498458862305]
[0.861001193523407]
[2.0463173389434814]
[2.144430637359619]
[0.642896294593811]
[2.5127131938934326]
[0.10705936700105667]
[11.772047996520996]
[0.595303475856781]
[16.74323272705078]
[1.0111767053604126]
[0.6518244743347168]
[0.17927120625972748]
[2.672079563140869]
[0.513815701007843]
[4.810706615447998]
[0.8921146988868713]
[0.4685589671134949]
[0.5454650521278381]
[13.544912338256836]
[1.2043341398239136]
[2.4798154830932617]
[0.2813834846019745]
[0.31400880217552185]
[3.254554510116577]
[1.6580053567886353]
[0.6849594116210938]
[2.8303890228271484]
[16.25444984436035]
[0.3987058997154236]
[0.4023429751396179]
[12.654672622680664]
[1.3628664016723633]
[4.162415981292725]
[264.4730224609375]
[0.3577020764350891]
[0.5811222195625305]
[2.396066665649414]
[1.5309724807739258]
[1.8757901191711426]
[1.489107608795166]
[1.2892500162124634]
[0.3658652901649475]
[1.9876618385314941]
[0.43365493416786194]
[3.823533058166504]
[0.5686615705490112]
[0.5440245866775513]
[0.059728771448135376]
[0.4951823949813843]
[0.5111933350563049]
[0.39444199204444885]
[0.46988582611083984]
[0.5321395397186279]
[3.5340936183929443]
[0.32981568574905396]
[19.906417846679688]
[0.33883753418922424]
[0.300957590341568]
[0.6863201260566711]
[17.785606384277344]
[1.2557507753372192]
[0.4373171627521515]
[30.17333984375]
[0.7585204243659973]
[1.0934597253799438]
[0.6980431079864502]
[4.196518898010254]
[0.8410792350769043]
[0.8897950053215027]
[0.9125044345855713]
[1.3113839626312256]
[1.2329007387161255]
[0.01810925081372261]
[0.5207251310348511]
[1.2784079313278198]
[0.4315758943557739]
[0.3149150609970093]
[0.39487898349761963]
[313.804931640625]
[0.3459649682044983]
[6.521066665649414]
[0.4147695302963257]
[0.6220202445983887]
[0.10614835470914841]
[1.9932947158813477]
[1.5420833826065063]
[3.3687145709991455]
[41.180458068847656]
[1.8366717100143433]
[5.942953109741211]
[0.32151880860328674]
[0.8751798868179321]
[1.1847896575927734]
[1.8479042053222656]
[0.12584833800792694]
[2.7921457290649414]
[2.205862283706665]
[3.9924683570861816]
[10.825579643249512]
[0.7219203114509583]
[1.7078700065612793]
[0.364277184009552]
[0.14633995294570923]
[2.084202766418457]
[3.2346127033233643]
[1.282752275466919]
[9.062485694885254]
[0.311985045671463]
[3.1475536823272705]
[1.471712589263916]
[2.6778812408447266]
[0.34949520230293274]
[0.19442689418792725]
[7.034210205078125]
[0.8350424766540527]
[0.9829089641571045]
[2.949984073638916]
[0.6833629608154297]
[1.1659010648727417]
[185.9857635498047]
[0.4048841893672943]
[0.649212121963501]
[15.391292572021484]
[1.514013648033142]
[0.484086275100708]
[1.4429315328598022]
[1.6764636039733887]
[4.5095953941345215]
[2.134610176086426]
[1.5404990911483765]
[6.144404411315918]
[0.5324270129203796]
[1.9970169067382812]
[0.9240392446517944]
[160.925048828125]
[8.793967247009277]
[2.3071677684783936]
[1.0079017877578735]
[249.52830505371094]
[19.825227737426758]
[6.671411037445068]
[0.43826428055763245]
[1.26450514793396]
[0.41472765803337097]
[0.5342972874641418]
[0.9741701483726501]
[0.11683168262243271]
[12.163168907165527]
[8.259817123413086]
[16.78490447998047]
[0.3233238160610199]
[1.460328221321106]
[1.7303977012634277]
[23.95032501220703]
[8.660965919494629]
[4.997623920440674]
[0.9053747653961182]
[0.8551132082939148]
[0.859102189540863]
[2.9468584060668945]
[4.634868144989014]
[0.8061969876289368]
[2.2936477661132812]
[51.978843688964844]
[0.33986786007881165]
[0.22772951424121857]
[0.4563990533351898]
[0.600054919719696]
[0.14814947545528412]
[0.020051639527082443]
[0.5205286145210266]
[87.30199432373047]
[1.1481170654296875]
[5.590030670166016]
[1.2209323644638062]
[10.86094856262207]
[3.2640764713287354]
[146.73068237304688]
[0.912631094455719]
[0.21334119141101837]
[3.119734287261963]
[0.35847705602645874]
[0.3989657163619995]
[1.0596891641616821]
[0.3884645104408264]
[0.7731149792671204]
[13.655460357666016]
[1.0175658464431763]
[4.718367576599121]
[0.4756505489349365]
[0.9789000153541565]
[26.80404281616211]
[87.69075012207031]
[2.2829525470733643]
[0.5871079564094543]
[0.5569717884063721]
[197.7013702392578]
[15.835022926330566]
[4.841695785522461]
[0.0791868045926094]
[3.7220242023468018]
[2.40006422996521]
[4.290414810180664]
[5.498691558837891]
[15.466692924499512]
[4.95526647567749]
[2.809645175933838]
[0.9188286066055298]
[1.1512507200241089]
[0.7410948276519775]
[0.28180691599845886]
[5.9522786140441895]
[3.450681686401367]
[167.9862823486328]
[2.870043992996216]
[2.00766658782959]
[11.93696403503418]
[0.5351665019989014]
[1.6246862411499023]
[0.6741384863853455]
[3.326045036315918]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[1.2555025815963745]
[0.49302464723587036]
[0.49526694416999817]
[10.287646293640137]
[0.19142301380634308]
[1.9283326864242554]
[0.47209984064102173]
[1.0841679573059082]
[4.118893623352051]
[1.4110428094863892]
[0.9369789958000183]
[0.6906703114509583]
[1.0966403484344482]
[0.4510619342327118]
[1.7633403539657593]
[0.46523308753967285]
[0.908783495426178]
[3.3960070610046387]
[0.9650010466575623]
[0.6744933128356934]
[2.183237314224243]
[28.846946716308594]
[0.4506048858165741]
[170.97044372558594]
[7.225338935852051]
[7.872211933135986]
[0.48953843116760254]
[0.2727758288383484]
[1.9212820529937744]
[0.5562322735786438]
[37.79002380371094]
[0.4549420475959778]
[0.7271908521652222]
[2.6151070594787598]
[2.594003677368164]
[0.22647082805633545]
[3.533452033996582]
[1.1045247316360474]
[1.2186287641525269]
[0.7403717041015625]
[3.3966891765594482]
[0.3528429865837097]
[3.5384912490844727]
[13.335208892822266]
[1.1831248998641968]
[0.4562801718711853]
[1.3498753309249878]
[247.1577606201172]
[0.355005145072937]
[0.4459623098373413]
[0.4724564850330353]
[0.7235647439956665]
[0.5492362380027771]
[28.218210220336914]
[0.4519573152065277]
[8.952607154846191]
[2.23940372467041]
[0.38012534379959106]
[1.4430385828018188]
[7.213563919067383]
[1.895938515663147]
[9.293793678283691]
[12.505659103393555]
[13.891489028930664]
[1.497983694076538]
[1.6482197046279907]
[5.459737777709961]
[27.559545516967773]
[1.3194390535354614]
[1.226747751235962]
[0.16398558020591736]
[0.9035189747810364]
[1.0788602828979492]
[0.739361584186554]
[2.9478769302368164]
[28.524534225463867]
[0.6091760396957397]
[0.6439628005027771]
[2.869101047515869]
[2.0463240146636963]
[0.7134252786636353]
[18.144636154174805]
[2.254929542541504]
[0.026087071746587753]
[0.6288034915924072]
[0.6279821991920471]
[0.10973691940307617]
[3.267369270324707]
[3.6254401206970215]
[0.4251870810985565]
[15.087560653686523]
[0.47319456934928894]
[2.922686815261841]
[0.772494375705719]
[0.6675779223442078]
[0.8996672630310059]
[7.013944149017334]
[5.0316996574401855]
[1.6998382806777954]
[2.153029680252075]
[0.26581233739852905]
[0.02077053114771843]
[0.4993700087070465]
[0.5776352882385254]
[2.3647453784942627]
[6.4191436767578125]
[0.6709024906158447]
[1.7783725261688232]
[0.6182878017425537]
[0.5969442129135132]
[0.2467430680990219]
[2.5532846450805664]
[0.7824721336364746]
[0.9914172887802124]
[9.431612014770508]
[0.3136916160583496]
[0.42514777183532715]
[3.0136165618896484]
[10.179912567138672]
[2.5405056476593018]
[18.321063995361328]
[0.8562072515487671]
[1.9730305671691895]
[2.1194708347320557]
[0.6104226112365723]
[0.4970400929450989]
[1.5132777690887451]
[15.232531547546387]
[0.5116664171218872]
[0.6569051146507263]
[3.640345573425293]
[3.3570127487182617]
[3.153200387954712]
[0.3624185621738434]
[0.6214340329170227]
[0.5638789534568787]
[0.9845877885818481]
[0.33167850971221924]
[0.3647927939891815]
[6.768757343292236]
[0.8747717142105103]
[0.8364156484603882]
[4.152499198913574]
[1.3857322931289673]
[1.029738187789917]
[34.618255615234375]
[0.32276836037635803]
[16.8509578704834]
[0.849107563495636]
[0.5373964905738831]
[0.5758810639381409]
[9.687304496765137]
[0.6520811319351196]
[0.632768988609314]
[6.260052680969238]
[2.2668583393096924]
[0.2580883800983429]
[0.9842967987060547]
[0.34136146306991577]
[3.075711727142334]
[0.3535623252391815]
[1.838467001914978]
[0.05474068224430084]
[0.30648377537727356]
[1.0705419778823853]
[0.27475374937057495]
[0.5550174117088318]
[0.6899086236953735]
[9.630825996398926]
[0.33929187059402466]
[0.8988077640533447]
[0.8576212525367737]
[1.6340951919555664]
[0.5612991452217102]
[0.20965485274791718]
[364.8243103027344]
[287.0487060546875]
[1.2694145441055298]
[0.6457616686820984]
[0.7328611612319946]
[2.6311144828796387]
[3.7991716861724854]
[5.848188877105713]
[1.4721537828445435]
[4.818070411682129]
[2.8545596599578857]
[27.382526397705078]
[0.7063848376274109]
[23.7652530670166]
[21.5132999420166]
[0.26577624678611755]
[1.4463586807250977]
[0.5683143138885498]
[3.0893285274505615]
[1.0489565134048462]
[2.543090581893921]
[0.7597873210906982]
[32.94582748413086]
[1.6277251243591309]
[1.2010595798492432]
[114.37828063964844]
[4.903595447540283]
[1.8444969654083252]
[3.9880309104919434]
[1.0582045316696167]
[1.9283041954040527]
[2.973443031311035]
[0.055355943739414215]
[17.894811630249023]
[3.8264238834381104]
[0.6846460103988647]
[1.0381749868392944]
[1.737240195274353]
[5.459376811981201]
[1.7322337627410889]
[0.29705142974853516]
[2.1222140789031982]
[0.4650886058807373]
[0.4091198444366455]
[1.9967516660690308]
[1.4189138412475586]
[6.192960739135742]
[0.7307308912277222]
[1.2093720436096191]
[0.6923390030860901]
[0.4640634059906006]
[184.63414001464844]
[1.5262157917022705]
[10.106955528259277]
[0.7951085567474365]
[0.9845061302185059]
[0.7931395769119263]
[1.8516571521759033]
[0.33133259415626526]
[0.540875256061554]
[0.4324844479560852]
[0.5442371964454651]
[0.8491753935813904]
[0.25499558448791504]
[4.36068058013916]
[3.5230865478515625]
[0.1284700334072113]
[0.5587312579154968]
[196.98297119140625]
[0.2765771746635437]
[0.3771432936191559]
[1.3174405097961426]
[0.2573355734348297]
[0.493550181388855]
[1.4189109802246094]
[0.43826374411582947]
[3.063946485519409]
[0.24231451749801636]
[0.34417203068733215]
[1.2796707153320312]
[0.4058597683906555]
[76.84634399414062]
[0.7182223796844482]
[1.4248592853546143]
[3.9768121242523193]
[0.213065966963768]
[0.4374961853027344]
[8.600916862487793]
[0.8457726836204529]
[1.204412817955017]
[2.8494811058044434]
[0.034628622233867645]
[0.6010550260543823]
[0.834150493144989]
[0.23284651339054108]
[1.5117638111114502]
[0.41541802883148193]
[0.1984720379114151]
[0.8410685658454895]
[2.7449936866760254]
[15.680408477783203]
[1.3432856798171997]
[2.409090995788574]
[4.600115776062012]
[0.49663859605789185]
[0.7625621557235718]
[4.023036003112793]
[0.06769073754549026]
[17.174251556396484]
[0.43433043360710144]
[3.6931467056274414]
[6.528802871704102]
[1.83028244972229]
[0.8451442718505859]
[8.090091705322266]
[3.595200300216675]
[1.6800835132598877]
[4.770199775695801]
[1.0897201299667358]
[0.4259702265262604]
[0.25374341011047363]
[1.3969191312789917]
[23.68134117126465]
[20.37569808959961]
[0.6630921959877014]
[0.45117783546447754]
[0.347642183303833]
[4.31178617477417]
[0.26309168338775635]
[0.5063071250915527]
[0.5215855240821838]
[0.4440073072910309]
[14.92629623413086]
[7.504119873046875]
[0.5210874676704407]
[0.6175698637962341]
[0.8195337653160095]
[13.63907241821289]
[0.8878698945045471]
[1.781174659729004]
[0.5137896537780762]
[1.458520770072937]
[2.792865037918091]
[12.206073760986328]
[2.089806318283081]
[0.6097073554992676]
[0.2153211236000061]
[120.39533996582031]
[0.4054799973964691]
[0.6829672455787659]
[9.651755332946777]
[4.0849409103393555]
[1.033485770225525]
[3.2882678508758545]
[1.6218652725219727]
[0.30773839354515076]
[0.7670450806617737]
[3.366605281829834]
[6.5050578117370605]
[1.1259649991989136]
[0.19928641617298126]
[0.27437159419059753]
[10.995715141296387]
[4.032166004180908]
[14.78053092956543]
[0.23110546171665192]
[0.2661341428756714]
[10.806928634643555]
[13.449609756469727]
[4.399595737457275]
[3.0748300552368164]
[0.7636999487876892]
[6.464236259460449]
[0.5484700798988342]
[0.307129830121994]
[0.4801781177520752]
[0.6083407402038574]
[6.141163349151611]
[0.1309080272912979]
[0.6143171191215515]
[2.2024660110473633]
[1.9759141206741333]
[108.87226867675781]
[4.538606643676758]
[0.027252910658717155]
[10.767197608947754]
[21.329648971557617]
[1.078235149383545]
[9.601123809814453]
[0.4038124978542328]
[2.361555576324463]
[3.7295773029327393]
[0.8445096015930176]
[0.2800213694572449]
[0.7360994219779968]
[0.40292003750801086]
[2.3528380393981934]
[0.7861494421958923]
[4.770569801330566]
[5.338810920715332]
[6.555428981781006]
[0.8290923237800598]
[22.810441970825195]
[18.017475128173828]
[3.119354248046875]
[2.2008676528930664]
[0.9393312335014343]
[0.6116547584533691]
[3.2021701335906982]
[7.035208702087402]
[0.7608273029327393]
[1.5800259113311768]
[1.1874542236328125]
[0.7713517546653748]
[93.09196472167969]
[1.2164653539657593]
[1.6082760095596313]
[1.6092846393585205]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.359249114990234]
[2.553621292114258]
[0.6381723880767822]
[0.613347589969635]
[5.294756889343262]
[0.620560884475708]
[0.464670866727829]
[1.5599006414413452]
[0.3782941401004791]
[355.3755187988281]
[0.3040176331996918]
[0.5522700548171997]
[1.27250075340271]
[1.9978744983673096]
[0.488309770822525]
[1.0125932693481445]
[1.1671122312545776]
[4.02549934387207]
[2.7326247692108154]
[2.994150400161743]
[0.09180781990289688]
[16.649595260620117]
[0.8930679559707642]
[0.8197309970855713]
[13.27603530883789]
[14.548611640930176]
[1.7130234241485596]
[0.41635072231292725]
[0.045780230313539505]
[0.08413062244653702]
[179.79278564453125]
[29.827558517456055]
[251.45005798339844]
[4.237582206726074]
[0.37787559628486633]
[0.8823482990264893]
[285.222412109375]
[19.414609909057617]
[13.64942741394043]
[1.4502487182617188]
[1.0880703926086426]
[40.72098922729492]
[0.4084751009941101]
[1.5551202297210693]
[1.0957757234573364]
[6.680692672729492]
[4.680324077606201]
[1.0244559049606323]
[2.9980766773223877]
[2.226494550704956]
[23.185108184814453]
[0.2771860659122467]
[0.48919010162353516]
[0.8334127068519592]
[0.6474931240081787]
[12.075738906860352]
[1.7023462057113647]
[7.477452278137207]
[1.5022293329238892]
[1.732941746711731]
[0.3915211856365204]
[2.098296880722046]
[0.28290656208992004]
[4.024324417114258]
[19.52937889099121]
[7.202753067016602]
[8.08372688293457]
[24.30352210998535]
[0.23481255769729614]
[0.37832486629486084]
[8.223001480102539]
[17.38983917236328]
[3.428548812866211]
[0.30511417984962463]
[0.8734638690948486]
[4.35668420791626]
[1.9029639959335327]
[0.5780705809593201]
[0.6272487044334412]
[1.6339540481567383]
[7.894923210144043]
[6.476494789123535]
[6.800548553466797]
[0.624321699142456]
[0.9740009307861328]
[15.630393028259277]
[8.184429168701172]
[9.277281761169434]
[0.549089252948761]
[2.201629161834717]
[21.80805206298828]
[0.9869006276130676]
[0.5075803995132446]
[0.40774062275886536]
[1.1369965076446533]
[0.6590392589569092]
[1.3692371845245361]
[0.2485520988702774]
[11.537391662597656]
[3.510012626647949]
[0.648436427116394]
[0.5898422002792358]
[1.5977487564086914]
[1.9373706579208374]
[1.4630420207977295]
[5.498057842254639]
[0.43925392627716064]
[12.59922981262207]
[1.5410953760147095]
[1.3031017780303955]
[0.3703147768974304]
[1.1110800504684448]
[0.5013855695724487]
[2.8101086616516113]
[369.2940673828125]
[0.21080966293811798]
[13.664080619812012]
[0.2961670756340027]
[0.7083654999732971]
[104.4646224975586]
[1.9516842365264893]
[7.358253002166748]
[4.746821403503418]
[0.4221724569797516]
[0.5257713794708252]
[1.9335969686508179]
[2.668663263320923]
[2.968944787979126]
[4.982054233551025]
[1.6817110776901245]
[1.7640750408172607]
[1.7490991353988647]
[1.2493747472763062]
[1.5892550945281982]
[3.1488406658172607]
[3.7776737213134766]
[3.3421525955200195]
[1.0373570919036865]
[8.866630554199219]
[0.7287147641181946]
[0.4365421235561371]
[0.8907963037490845]
[74.3212661743164]
[16.316970825195312]
[2.000791072845459]
[1.380519986152649]
[165.16827392578125]
[0.9734071493148804]
[11.065113067626953]
[3.930835247039795]
[87.81397247314453]
[0.2663836181163788]
[0.3221780061721802]
[1.6714030504226685]
[0.30124780535697937]
[5.581791400909424]
[0.9517222046852112]
[2.2505130767822266]
[1.4291263818740845]
[0.37096622586250305]
[0.5033184885978699]
[0.777935802936554]
[1.07555091381073]
[5.176886081695557]
[0.6834748983383179]
[2.9028313159942627]
[250.41107177734375]
[0.40450844168663025]
[0.7218650579452515]
[4.071320533752441]
[5.839071750640869]
[1.5860159397125244]
[3.1216657161712646]
[9.646612167358398]
[343.2191467285156]
[5.391396522521973]
[3.107375383377075]
[0.29098618030548096]
[0.828400194644928]
[0.21076953411102295]
[3.2011349201202393]
[6.4969329833984375]
[0.6785028576850891]
[0.4881265163421631]
[1.7832603454589844]
[1.418284296989441]
[0.4396941363811493]
[1.486587643623352]
[10.061053276062012]
[41.9494514465332]
[16.472423553466797]
[2.3522839546203613]
[1.239925503730774]
[16.801620483398438]
[4.480310916900635]
[6.543435096740723]
[0.20443664491176605]
[0.6640447378158569]
[1.387498378753662]
[1.0589299201965332]
[4.764306545257568]
[2.8124289512634277]
[0.7549396753311157]
[0.2207551747560501]
[14.981925010681152]
[1.3199652433395386]
[0.3678324222564697]
[6.586079120635986]
[465.24859619140625]
[4.078286647796631]
[0.8395028114318848]
[0.7609626054763794]
[0.9711263179779053]
[17.29755210876465]
[1.5530462265014648]
[1.190169334411621]
[3.8052518367767334]
[1.6466679573059082]
[14.303276062011719]
[31.88571548461914]
[4.427034378051758]
[6.809975624084473]
[0.5185186862945557]
[0.9143557548522949]
[14.498784065246582]
[1.9882142543792725]
[6.432546615600586]
[6.117093563079834]
[1.5514311790466309]
[3.4707982540130615]
[158.18496704101562]
[1.2553902864456177]
[4.717771053314209]
[0.6499919891357422]
[0.6542515754699707]
[1.252793312072754]
[2.285250663757324]
[0.3817409574985504]
[2.039543390274048]
[0.3603173792362213]
[3.334500312805176]
[8.62980842590332]
[1.778074026107788]
[13.573307037353516]
[24.89456558227539]
[11.060449600219727]
[2.4249744415283203]
[1.4794334173202515]
[3.4692089557647705]
[0.2770930528640747]
[0.5343073606491089]
[1.1254370212554932]
[0.6041433215141296]
[2.063100814819336]
[1.6607006788253784]
[0.38210511207580566]
[10.672649383544922]
[0.23064346611499786]
[0.545063316822052]
[6.528246879577637]
[0.4400753080844879]
[17.446691513061523]
[16.91271209716797]
[2.941666841506958]
[3.1094119548797607]
[88.35484313964844]
[1.4057809114456177]
[12.075545310974121]
[0.32636070251464844]
[3.701493740081787]
[0.4273078441619873]
[1.0936869382858276]
[125.71258544921875]
[0.6300840377807617]
[0.5210803747177124]
[10.192242622375488]
[9.03524112701416]
[260.38934326171875]
[1.2482211589813232]
[6.697103500366211]
[41.668067932128906]
[0.7305470108985901]
[13.87074089050293]
[1.791947603225708]
[0.6053386330604553]
[4.319423675537109]
[4.0671281814575195]
[1.155895709991455]
[0.6215371489524841]
[0.9570178985595703]
[0.45937275886535645]
[0.6538227200508118]
[0.6513235569000244]
[223.0960693359375]
[4.550419807434082]
[1.365513563156128]
[0.664550244808197]
[1.9868791103363037]
[1.1270853281021118]
[0.5868266224861145]
[28.860647201538086]
[27.671823501586914]
[3.0835623741149902]
[4.137667179107666]
[0.3864072561264038]
[10.167853355407715]
[5.280905723571777]
[19.769868850708008]
[5.726500034332275]
[1.161337971687317]
[9.951732635498047]
[2.6504387855529785]
[0.5743539929389954]
[2.4561405181884766]
[1.4662389755249023]
[2.2093586921691895]
[5.4544243812561035]
[0.9207521080970764]
[2.618936538696289]
[0.8753718733787537]
[1.0684211254119873]
[278.6595458984375]
[0.30624687671661377]
[5.276026725769043]
[0.39365631341934204]
[0.468853235244751]
[1.9702343940734863]
[1.0046675205230713]
[31.511186599731445]
[0.5232455134391785]
[2.072359085083008]
[1.2909061908721924]
[3.991879463195801]
[0.24129341542720795]
[2.3631670475006104]
[1.7458486557006836]
[1.4076155424118042]
[0.7672244906425476]
[1.3155521154403687]
[0.6947944760322571]
[3.696274995803833]
[4.33241081237793]
[2.903568744659424]
[1.8829360008239746]
[6.227216720581055]
[0.2941581606864929]
[2.7234885692596436]
[3.3394668102264404]
[6.751378059387207]
[0.6873801350593567]
[9.520402908325195]
[4.0211358070373535]
[0.5634042620658875]
[0.1814989298582077]
[0.45887959003448486]
[1.5360795259475708]
[1.1118083000183105]
[5.757127285003662]
[0.497091144323349]
[0.1918174922466278]
[1.7695051431655884]
[0.6460970044136047]
[0.4703105688095093]
[90.36534881591797]
[2.733583450317383]
[2.6269476413726807]
[0.17784395813941956]
[0.5133016705513]
[0.5889968872070312]
[16.46013641357422]
[3.1255698204040527]
[2.524054527282715]
[1.2777434587478638]
[0.5117244124412537]
[3.8951685428619385]
[0.8245850205421448]
[0.1650012731552124]
[3.336526393890381]
[0.4042164087295532]
[20.096254348754883]
[0.6718686819076538]
[0.47294068336486816]
[0.20789282023906708]
[0.7597517371177673]
[251.31884765625]
[2.0969221591949463]
[1.209144949913025]
[0.7102516889572144]
[0.810251772403717]
[0.73939049243927]
[18.099411010742188]
[6.133768081665039]
[0.5275557637214661]
[1.023112416267395]
[14.226483345031738]
[1.0109342336654663]
[0.42382335662841797]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.8908689618110657]
[1.1691035032272339]
[1.4137672185897827]
[2.751948595046997]
[2.3367912769317627]
[9.610939025878906]
[1.5770095586776733]
[8.215546607971191]
[0.4926159679889679]
[1.5548889636993408]
[0.8480113744735718]
[0.33486273884773254]
[17.767763137817383]
[0.7035451531410217]
[2.3088393211364746]
[0.532172441482544]
[0.6494675278663635]
[1.331681489944458]
[0.9735729098320007]
[0.7466776967048645]
[0.9656630754470825]
[30.32342529296875]
[16.878028869628906]
[1.323702335357666]
[6.326069355010986]
[2.1625914573669434]
[0.5918526649475098]
[1.9556654691696167]
[5.227100849151611]
[36.09400177001953]
[1.7061996459960938]
[3.0278851985931396]
[8.187483787536621]
[89.08682250976562]
[1.3139848709106445]
[12.931831359863281]
[1.6118768453598022]
[0.34405267238616943]
[9.960269927978516]
[350.073486328125]
[2.4599175453186035]
[0.4337750971317291]
[0.46864280104637146]
[10.364466667175293]
[0.819003164768219]
[7.420120716094971]
[1.2051739692687988]
[2.1054930686950684]
[0.4349317252635956]
[10.380631446838379]
[1.075735330581665]
[115.06631469726562]
[0.4852526783943176]
[0.3006703555583954]
[6.061056613922119]
[1.416078805923462]
[0.9992852807044983]
[2.343320369720459]
[1.9006187915802002]
[1.4519540071487427]
[1.1140235662460327]
[1.172265887260437]
[2.2991950511932373]
[223.93382263183594]
[0.2743837237358093]
[0.16886505484580994]
[31.38873863220215]
[11.99826431274414]
[0.27856218814849854]
[0.49050208926200867]
[4.51286506652832]
[56.802616119384766]
[1.3716403245925903]
[4.604325294494629]
[7.517409801483154]
[0.5491477847099304]
[0.5814234614372253]
[2.7546322345733643]
[0.5609108805656433]
[0.5320656299591064]
[0.6295799016952515]
[390.16839599609375]
[0.6185632944107056]
[1.0289920568466187]
[0.6496990919113159]
[1.2694826126098633]
[13.593223571777344]
[0.20719943940639496]
[0.5725775361061096]
[2.800691604614258]
[0.7485781908035278]
[9.411500930786133]
[8.02578353881836]
[10.710009574890137]
[21.467641830444336]
[3.7871432304382324]
[5.726545810699463]
[12.011526107788086]
[1.6354113817214966]
[8.019976615905762]
[0.714179277420044]
[1.744216799736023]
[1.3992997407913208]
[3.14738130569458]
[0.31867873668670654]
[0.6627112627029419]
[157.06942749023438]
[1.3334804773330688]
[1.3366241455078125]
[1.395005702972412]
[2.334705114364624]
[1.767777442932129]
[10.926324844360352]
[0.31147298216819763]
[25.965909957885742]
[35.22331237792969]
[2.4836113452911377]
[5.079535484313965]
[3.361344575881958]
[1.0554940700531006]
[11.248970031738281]
[4.174172878265381]
[2.072077512741089]
[1.2164826393127441]
[4.108791828155518]
[19.32084846496582]
[0.8540409207344055]
[5.442834854125977]
[1.5308984518051147]
[0.7009356021881104]
[1.3554060459136963]
[6.7858967781066895]
[1.1028852462768555]
[270.61181640625]
[51.88241195678711]
[1.7915159463882446]
[0.6485914587974548]
[1.469807744026184]
[1.7017011642456055]
[3.556713581085205]
[2.2317376136779785]
[2.1607468128204346]
[3.6948928833007812]
[3.3324286937713623]
[0.6277834177017212]
[1.2366143465042114]
[0.29563942551612854]
[0.5738629102706909]
[19.602191925048828]
[0.31507158279418945]
[3.2076809406280518]
[2.5114758014678955]
[32.94733810424805]
[3.112736225128174]
[2.3756165504455566]
[0.9643591046333313]
[4.069760322570801]
[9.92904281616211]
[0.8621256947517395]
[16.65302276611328]
[3.512763738632202]
[3.1208295822143555]
[1.5364950895309448]
[96.03814697265625]
[1.1737244129180908]
[4.9282307624816895]
[1.0220179557800293]
[1.314497947692871]
[1.0735968351364136]
[33.2580680847168]
[1.7122749090194702]
[0.4774051904678345]
[4.133269786834717]
[1.034386396408081]
[107.52658081054688]
[3.668506145477295]
[12.204041481018066]
[4.698918342590332]
[19.244396209716797]
[3.0582845211029053]
[0.7664921283721924]
[0.8415703773498535]
[0.8872102499008179]
[4.1098127365112305]
[1.5701996088027954]
[5.42465877532959]
[7.563536167144775]
[0.36924514174461365]
[4.057831287384033]
[2.8518552780151367]
[23.86318588256836]
[246.6796875]
[113.24170684814453]
[0.9730842113494873]
[0.6538403034210205]
[0.9417041540145874]
[2.348869800567627]
[1.006262183189392]
[4.573000431060791]
[1.490188717842102]
[0.20653650164604187]
[13.563193321228027]
[1.665681004524231]
[8.688591003417969]
[6.069891929626465]
[0.6273722648620605]
[0.4843173325061798]
[0.801554799079895]
[25.896955490112305]
[3.1188390254974365]
[1.7083097696304321]
[0.9976547360420227]
[11.890768051147461]
[1.3515373468399048]
[0.32353073358535767]
[0.5014113783836365]
[120.68795776367188]
[2.4458138942718506]
[19.462482452392578]
[4.724630355834961]
[49.79115295410156]
[12.770519256591797]
[5.957741737365723]
[1.075663447380066]
[71.15682983398438]
[178.08741760253906]
[6.641047954559326]
[11.538725852966309]
[4.652825832366943]
[1.3967210054397583]
[57.8089714050293]
[0.32267993688583374]
[2.3327929973602295]
[8.16465950012207]
[4.539377212524414]
[12.39130973815918]
[1.306694507598877]
[0.7132688164710999]
[5.714597702026367]
[9.595993995666504]
[0.7246795892715454]
[0.7086938619613647]
[118.72039794921875]
[1.2325644493103027]
[1.8372207880020142]
[1.8669590950012207]
[1.8534146547317505]
[0.8422973155975342]
[1.937333583831787]
[1.860987901687622]
[1.3776817321777344]
[0.9236693382263184]
[6.893759727478027]
[1.6425492763519287]
[0.6423434615135193]
[5.411226272583008]
[1.410597324371338]
[14.36581802368164]
[4.220743179321289]
[1.034102201461792]
[1.0355333089828491]
[0.9288153052330017]
[1.9322885274887085]
[6.160251617431641]
[4.835275650024414]
[1.0271741151809692]
[2.4266417026519775]
[0.5110301375389099]
[1.0665886402130127]
[1.0011082887649536]
[0.42898833751678467]
[0.3982352018356323]
[7.319908618927002]
[1.2578608989715576]
[0.7473032474517822]
[1.1798114776611328]
[17.84943199157715]
[16.500492095947266]
[1.4222105741500854]
[0.8924055695533752]
[0.7693530321121216]
[12.023760795593262]
[0.5983270406723022]
[0.7691843509674072]
[0.515857458114624]
[0.4796203374862671]
[2.5731680393218994]
[6.484218597412109]
[1.076616644859314]
[2.1515610218048096]
[4.544565200805664]
[5.0867509841918945]
[0.26703783869743347]
[9.818248748779297]
[1.2559882402420044]
[2.3557677268981934]
[0.8148596286773682]
[2.7189507484436035]
[4.131547927856445]
[28.854408264160156]
[1.5213043689727783]
[6.5148420333862305]
[0.5195209383964539]
[13.476899147033691]
[111.31504821777344]
[3.1559786796569824]
[2.8410305976867676]
[28.985883712768555]
[2.7185068130493164]
[1.4753323793411255]
[4.723010063171387]
[0.5495965480804443]
[1.2354587316513062]
[0.40542861819267273]
[6.698675155639648]
[4.364199638366699]
[3.5321578979492188]
[1.7338436841964722]
[0.6819891929626465]
[0.9336972832679749]
[0.2829042077064514]
[2.333026647567749]
[0.539333701133728]
[0.8132002949714661]
[16.039531707763672]
[3.5317142009735107]
[1.6200239658355713]
[0.7607408165931702]
[4.207296848297119]
[3.751744031906128]
[0.477091521024704]
[0.7562236189842224]
[0.6086716651916504]
[0.23982279002666473]
[3.9577808380126953]
[1.9931862354278564]
[0.45223763585090637]
[0.7142958641052246]
[483.6053771972656]
[0.5364925861358643]
[22.433090209960938]
[18.667631149291992]
[5.039803504943848]
[0.7370463609695435]
[23.449840545654297]
[2.9223287105560303]
[0.8653480410575867]
[10.82237434387207]
[1.8801342248916626]
[3.230201482772827]
[5.787001132965088]
[4.711950302124023]
[32.29009246826172]
[3.2465403079986572]
[2.0676283836364746]
[41.55195236206055]
[0.5690966248512268]
[0.8093422055244446]
[2.088823080062866]
[315.3805847167969]
[11.802724838256836]
[0.6420381665229797]
[2.2259628772735596]
[31.241865158081055]
[4.352005958557129]
[17.613733291625977]
[0.30165305733680725]
[4.514628887176514]
[3.1938745975494385]
[0.8083140850067139]
[0.8116199970245361]
[3.441351890563965]
[2.8376755714416504]
[0.38857391476631165]
[3.0151705741882324]
[0.9866384863853455]
[8.601081848144531]
[16.358295440673828]
[0.8683992624282837]
[3.256141424179077]
[247.67433166503906]
[75.96099853515625]
[6.3846516609191895]
[0.8617821335792542]
[3.2089226245880127]
[30.670804977416992]
[0.7723367810249329]
[1.9592684507369995]
[3.1836295127868652]
[3.719275712966919]
[4.612516403198242]
[4.972747325897217]
[0.3953827917575836]
[10.877425193786621]
[0.2407475709915161]
[46.48882293701172]
[0.6889901757240295]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.5837866067886353]
[4.136894702911377]
[1.550560474395752]
[1.390775442123413]
[4.990823268890381]
[1.1767477989196777]
[5.189609527587891]
[13.759716033935547]
[1.1515084505081177]
[1.8926610946655273]
[7.3702073097229]
[0.32556769251823425]
[5.352645397186279]
[4.157128810882568]
[6.373913764953613]
[1.1721361875534058]
[0.3821967840194702]
[0.18685026466846466]
[0.7005975246429443]
[19.009687423706055]
[0.41356876492500305]
[3.234858751296997]
[2.5358150005340576]
[0.8586750626564026]
[0.20558956265449524]
[1.6573975086212158]
[0.2451915740966797]
[0.458368182182312]
[1.6610054969787598]
[0.2543554902076721]
[1.9572668075561523]
[6.8390350341796875]
[1.8267648220062256]
[0.5648418664932251]
[6.278850555419922]
[0.24134410917758942]
[1.1483447551727295]
[1.027805209159851]
[0.3634769320487976]
[0.7013223171234131]
[0.34967467188835144]
[149.70785522460938]
[0.8533207774162292]
[0.5365400910377502]
[1.4197571277618408]
[141.13597106933594]
[2.086329460144043]
[0.35008934140205383]
[7.795783042907715]
[0.3437223732471466]
[6.827436447143555]
[0.44582799077033997]
[6.815059661865234]
[0.5264366269111633]
[0.7727925777435303]
[0.6585162281990051]
[1.77268648147583]
[2.1797409057617188]
[0.36525723338127136]
[0.41464346647262573]
[9.120887756347656]
[9.661537170410156]
[7.069620132446289]
[15.923114776611328]
[2.7320992946624756]
[2.393022298812866]
[2.08068585395813]
[40.48344421386719]
[2.5485215187072754]
[339.07745361328125]
[282.0360107421875]
[16.090652465820312]
[1.1079157590866089]
[1.5251868963241577]
[1.2412810325622559]
[0.511195957660675]
[0.23801015317440033]
[0.8213745355606079]
[1.9758530855178833]
[2.0177900791168213]
[0.6116272211074829]
[2.638077735900879]
[3.194843053817749]
[11.208024978637695]
[2.49232816696167]
[20.648658752441406]
[0.7991600036621094]
[1.876103162765503]
[11.080205917358398]
[2.9927523136138916]
[1.9825868606567383]
[0.5994302034378052]
[0.7938666343688965]
[3.456683397293091]
[11.690103530883789]
[205.24363708496094]
[1.0130658149719238]
[1.3593379259109497]
[0.7439765334129333]
[0.7883973121643066]
[0.45433497428894043]
[10.774781227111816]
[7.5534515380859375]
[6.877081871032715]
[0.5865475535392761]
[8.69250774383545]
[2.0271294116973877]
[4.403152942657471]
[0.29573193192481995]
[1.0636836290359497]
[1.1099085807800293]
[3.0378708839416504]
[1.718392014503479]
[0.9620001316070557]
[3.2689688205718994]
[0.4671207666397095]
[0.8333184123039246]
[6.911118030548096]
[1.0148814916610718]
[1.13028883934021]
[1.4507513046264648]
[1.6378856897354126]
[9.158297538757324]
[116.02996826171875]
[1.1500049829483032]
[1.662139892578125]
[1.826385498046875]
[9.444517135620117]
[2.725585699081421]
[5.605355262756348]
[3.1630117893218994]
[1.2316889762878418]
[101.32725524902344]
[5.085809230804443]
[1.6683721542358398]
[0.7868211269378662]
[5.330580234527588]
[3.0128302574157715]
[1.4231146574020386]
[0.4369622468948364]
[0.7748887538909912]
[3.8032524585723877]
[2.123710870742798]
[1.7347588539123535]
[1.0260103940963745]
[1.2999937534332275]
[0.6169055700302124]
[1.146536946296692]
[0.6450865268707275]
[0.6955800652503967]
[0.44482529163360596]
[20.093544006347656]
[2.881331205368042]
[9.723603248596191]
[0.4102001190185547]
[0.4646166265010834]
[0.5613511800765991]
[0.9000077843666077]
[0.6244282722473145]
[2.280198574066162]
[5.169391632080078]
[0.8691602945327759]
[2.397083044052124]
[0.767254650592804]
[0.5244601964950562]
[2.8703184127807617]
[0.35355252027511597]
[1.386644721031189]
[0.6710044741630554]
[0.7800794243812561]
[0.43304944038391113]
[0.5092747807502747]
[0.6497303247451782]
[0.28132516145706177]
[0.6716031432151794]
[19.60187530517578]
[1.408156394958496]
[0.6077712178230286]
[1.249273419380188]
[1.4855068922042847]
[3.8189055919647217]
[1.3318376541137695]
[0.41471540927886963]
[0.5972517728805542]
[1.4878088235855103]
[4.658536911010742]
[6.582275867462158]
[0.3696136474609375]
[0.30549538135528564]
[0.24168893694877625]
[5.034019470214844]
[1.8609859943389893]
[1.8853181600570679]
[7.750574111938477]
[0.260957807302475]
[9.675719261169434]
[2.0829267501831055]
[3.8124680519104004]
[0.5728399753570557]
[1.60994291305542]
[0.3854601979255676]
[40.969215393066406]
[1.459144115447998]
[14.254337310791016]
[0.9346964359283447]
[3.4687719345092773]
[0.4092719256877899]
[1.0097417831420898]
[0.4593926966190338]
[2.2792229652404785]
[0.5638468265533447]
[2.818178415298462]
[5.337769985198975]
[18.145858764648438]
[24.844995498657227]
[1.347251296043396]
[3.232426404953003]
[0.7022302746772766]
[0.48177921772003174]
[0.38288360834121704]
[35.666202545166016]
[1.2143186330795288]
[4.932086944580078]
[0.4108589291572571]
[13.470017433166504]
[2.6659045219421387]
[78.3891372680664]
[5.901663303375244]
[3.153733730316162]
[21.866840362548828]
[7.183141708374023]
[0.4178168773651123]
[0.8369946479797363]
[0.6468732953071594]
[0.4766625165939331]
[1.6931884288787842]
[2.662550449371338]
[8.76436710357666]
[0.7295524477958679]
[0.6672779321670532]
[74.50935363769531]
[2.5714757442474365]
[0.3351593017578125]
[0.6191495060920715]
[1.1187663078308105]
[3.4279608726501465]
[3.888909101486206]
[1.409519910812378]
[2.2285642623901367]
[0.7636923789978027]
[0.552230954170227]
[0.7394865155220032]
[8.830584526062012]
[16.056798934936523]
[0.9380095601081848]
[0.8871427774429321]
[1.9120450019836426]
[10.173945426940918]
[156.32745361328125]
[0.3501926064491272]
[297.43768310546875]
[0.48925745487213135]
[0.7355259656906128]
[3.176372766494751]
[0.7686794400215149]
[2.104313850402832]
[0.19020217657089233]
[3.3469555377960205]
[0.9504261612892151]
[0.2942357659339905]
[0.2667004466056824]
[0.6511284708976746]
[2.2848126888275146]
[2.7157819271087646]
[2.8004913330078125]
[2.3013830184936523]
[1.1218589544296265]
[0.9358280897140503]
[12.311323165893555]
[10.914334297180176]
[8.193041801452637]
[0.6233739256858826]
[28.66130828857422]
[0.9866918325424194]
[0.38976332545280457]
[0.6207082867622375]
[6.63723087310791]
[13.618685722351074]
[0.21977335214614868]
[11.546769142150879]
[0.6296141743659973]
[4.286461353302002]
[0.1933116465806961]
[0.4812832772731781]
[1.246188998222351]
[5.357335090637207]
[0.5661704540252686]
[0.6257563829421997]
[20.82387924194336]
[0.9613126516342163]
[177.71051025390625]
[0.6952515244483948]
[5.197323799133301]
[0.3411688506603241]
[3.374873399734497]
[0.4342554807662964]
[2.2193262577056885]
[0.957859218120575]
[0.36696216464042664]
[1.8979493379592896]
[8.54320240020752]
[1.6777675151824951]
[12.332721710205078]
[0.62603759765625]
[187.26431274414062]
[0.9622138142585754]
[6.702550888061523]
[6.859903335571289]
[0.6700479984283447]
[0.8550998568534851]
[0.5131188035011292]
[1.0625587701797485]
[0.8826426863670349]
[2.5988094806671143]
[12.398167610168457]
[1.6507339477539062]
[34.812408447265625]
[0.6513725519180298]
[0.6345114707946777]
[0.5231531262397766]
[0.5103169083595276]
[4.112119197845459]
[1.4409099817276]
[28.369609832763672]
[1.057742953300476]
[0.35626134276390076]
[0.5866243839263916]
[108.64289855957031]
[4.304584503173828]
[1.9423907995224]
[13.201996803283691]
[3.8232877254486084]
[0.3189736008644104]
[30.53899383544922]
[5.582055568695068]
[0.755118727684021]
[23.629562377929688]
[0.5448333621025085]
[8.45334529876709]
[1.169692873954773]
[0.37047889828681946]
[1.7015373706817627]
[0.6584447622299194]
[1.1005094051361084]
[18.641042709350586]
[0.45959991216659546]
[1.202996850013733]
[2.8078622817993164]
[6.975554943084717]
[0.5038567781448364]
[1.1727137565612793]
[15.007647514343262]
[10.305481910705566]
[2.4315967559814453]
[0.6353329420089722]
[89.6496810913086]
[2.946582078933716]
[0.5381678938865662]
[0.5468802452087402]
[1.81319260597229]
[0.6268150210380554]
[8.519575119018555]
[0.24185316264629364]
[86.08956146240234]
[0.6585391759872437]
[0.38576942682266235]
[0.46786871552467346]
[0.9756767749786377]
[0.4997744858264923]
[0.6631918549537659]
[2.336331367492676]
[1.9542485475540161]
[1.1179555654525757]
[0.3015912175178528]
[8.335429191589355]
[4.677569389343262]
[3.7086293697357178]
[9.208088874816895]
[198.38421630859375]
[0.5390310287475586]
[0.6348536014556885]
[13.598759651184082]
[0.8918375968933105]
[116.5910873413086]
[11.790921211242676]
[0.4498608708381653]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[510.581787109375]
[0.21331745386123657]
[0.6646605730056763]
[0.6368892192840576]
[2.0695621967315674]
[12.894847869873047]
[2.237652063369751]
[2.323122262954712]
[6.886324405670166]
[0.9899796843528748]
[0.31344956159591675]
[25.811899185180664]
[0.699587345123291]
[0.6130871772766113]
[3.4489188194274902]
[19.378334045410156]
[5.548847675323486]
[1.186764121055603]
[4.014100074768066]
[1.7553364038467407]
[1.7174084186553955]
[3.6018471717834473]
[0.7251759171485901]
[0.7523620128631592]
[3.630786657333374]
[1.041927695274353]
[2.163323402404785]
[0.5922075510025024]
[1.1962363719940186]
[1.2492729425430298]
[1.3609609603881836]
[0.7896785140037537]
[1.0545974969863892]
[0.49223944544792175]
[2.706026077270508]
[3.8617968559265137]
[6.029061317443848]
[30.708358764648438]
[2.168134927749634]
[11.710644721984863]
[2.4006667137145996]
[3.1907694339752197]
[5.338781833648682]
[1.083176851272583]
[12.632864952087402]
[10.918060302734375]
[0.9411853551864624]
[0.32768532633781433]
[1.9107797145843506]
[5.891121864318848]
[0.8726613521575928]
[47.64479064941406]
[2.506903648376465]
[112.33120727539062]
[2.6599016189575195]
[1.7161781787872314]
[10.781747817993164]
[0.2497134804725647]
[0.8973486423492432]
[79.654296875]
[0.29321396350860596]
[18.702917098999023]
[296.6734313964844]
[14.908024787902832]
[0.3408800959587097]
[0.7135056853294373]
[0.6163269877433777]
[8.859491348266602]
[0.9317871332168579]
[0.6320050358772278]
[0.6862258911132812]
[1.6775718927383423]
[0.43424588441848755]
[2.6613969802856445]
[5.66310977935791]
[0.9787418842315674]
[0.5078937411308289]
[1.0742137432098389]
[0.48464980721473694]
[3.012540340423584]
[5.468407154083252]
[1.2562576532363892]
[4.103976249694824]
[1.2551466226577759]
[1.3542773723602295]
[3.3952410221099854]
[23.082780838012695]
[1.7792963981628418]
[0.6173733472824097]
[0.7757998108863831]
[2.6160714626312256]
[2.803316593170166]
[0.7247545123100281]
[15.411246299743652]
[1.3841780424118042]
[3.641024589538574]
[92.92993927001953]
[500.5147705078125]
[16.610254287719727]
[0.27789631485939026]
[17.147789001464844]
[0.48086944222450256]
[1.2022521495819092]
[8.356492042541504]
[3.33636474609375]
[8.149242401123047]
[2.275300979614258]
[3.3382248878479004]
[2.705124855041504]
[3.0842037200927734]
[35.30419921875]
[0.6474283337593079]
[2.6571359634399414]
[26.640199661254883]
[1.785170555114746]
[6.699822425842285]
[24.06725311279297]
[1.7045657634735107]
[0.2973948121070862]
[0.4509883224964142]
[1.0041204690933228]
[4.046510696411133]
[0.6752519011497498]
[3.1311044692993164]
[11.57957649230957]
[0.603029727935791]
[2.107814311981201]
[0.7874718308448792]
[0.7389663457870483]
[179.5527801513672]
[11.869842529296875]
[1.4523240327835083]
[1.3956071138381958]
[41.378055572509766]
[0.8338631987571716]
[1.1335206031799316]
[1.66269850730896]
[1.4859079122543335]
[1.996964693069458]
[5.619089126586914]
[4.206549167633057]
[10.354814529418945]
[0.5720691680908203]
[0.33648476004600525]
[3.3144826889038086]
[3.4512221813201904]
[0.4329023063182831]
[1.144342064857483]
[4.585684299468994]
[0.1990348994731903]
[0.22682379186153412]
[3.6850767135620117]
[28.28082275390625]
[4.599200248718262]
[4.3119120597839355]
[4.495334625244141]
[1.276732087135315]
[0.8235105276107788]
[1.5575088262557983]
[4.320522785186768]
[0.8059175610542297]
[15.822192192077637]
[3.181551218032837]
[0.3664211928844452]
[1.4006483554840088]
[110.73542785644531]
[1.7980444431304932]
[1.0808470249176025]
[1.1924420595169067]
[1.017606258392334]
[13.327003479003906]
[2.124290943145752]
[2.838592767715454]
[21.546310424804688]
[0.6916567087173462]
[6.802394390106201]
[2.9657678604125977]
[83.1005630493164]
[0.23471759259700775]
[2.394882917404175]
[9.722899436950684]
[1.745965838432312]
[8.257780075073242]
[8.973112106323242]
[0.39919811487197876]
[0.3430197238922119]
[32.33356857299805]
[0.5725256204605103]
[4.353785991668701]
[0.688548743724823]
[165.99090576171875]
[1.1352477073669434]
[0.45681560039520264]
[0.3786213994026184]
[0.9177477359771729]
[0.3519129157066345]
[58.906497955322266]
[1.5368945598602295]
[188.84228515625]
[2.495812177658081]
[1.6750199794769287]
[20.478267669677734]
[18.1058406829834]
[1.626151442527771]
[25.958751678466797]
[0.654775857925415]
[112.90998077392578]
[2.444732666015625]
[1.6320123672485352]
[5.516634464263916]
[22.517742156982422]
[7.656566619873047]
[0.44201621413230896]
[3.0908150672912598]
[1.757643222808838]
[0.5833591222763062]
[0.48141175508499146]
[8.032861709594727]
[1.3471392393112183]
[1.1767750978469849]
[3.439152717590332]
[1.8583329916000366]
[16.355884552001953]
[5.47372579574585]
[3.353659152984619]
[13.261246681213379]
[108.95716094970703]
[1.420680284500122]
[0.5241774916648865]
[0.45137083530426025]
[1.4684029817581177]
[1.1609374284744263]
[7.036721229553223]
[0.8925772905349731]
[4.710923194885254]
[0.2619737386703491]
[0.8511632680892944]
[1.7335680723190308]
[9.932710647583008]
[4.124344825744629]
[1.6721998453140259]
[182.75523376464844]
[11.570796012878418]
[2.6888234615325928]
[2.229963779449463]
[0.199333056807518]
[0.8211748003959656]
[8.800050735473633]
[27.901639938354492]
[0.2601340115070343]
[143.32745361328125]
[0.7862751483917236]
[2.0143795013427734]
[0.44877704977989197]
[15.6814603805542]
[0.9012976884841919]
[1.0420031547546387]
[0.25795087218284607]
[0.578903079032898]
[8.812240600585938]
[0.7389397621154785]
[2.7180418968200684]
[16.218297958374023]
[1.2378193140029907]
[0.744526743888855]
[0.5573137402534485]
[133.75013732910156]
[0.5754937529563904]
[0.8715123534202576]
[4.4923906326293945]
[0.3020018935203552]
[17.393762588500977]
[0.44060027599334717]
[0.6559571027755737]
[0.7969688177108765]
[1.3687422275543213]
[0.4737739861011505]
[0.5529474020004272]
[3.7939701080322266]
[2.4930899143218994]
[0.35769712924957275]
[0.3529767096042633]
[0.570834219455719]
[167.1958770751953]
[0.5444875955581665]
[6.9660539627075195]
[2.8906562328338623]
[11.435816764831543]
[1.4758044481277466]
[148.28317260742188]
[1.717707633972168]
[20.339628219604492]
[0.8731020092964172]
[4.482281684875488]
[0.20052874088287354]
[1.495793342590332]
[0.7525915503501892]
[0.7086639404296875]
[1.0816171169281006]
[1.1193946599960327]
[1.0071033239364624]
[5.193332672119141]
[2.5881195068359375]
[1.8115789890289307]
[0.3214324712753296]
[11.819306373596191]
[2.1296226978302]
[1.0373413562774658]
[38.939876556396484]
[0.7708195447921753]
[3.1476786136627197]
[2.1359758377075195]
[1.1952636241912842]
[6.135005950927734]
[0.7790088653564453]
[0.3041030764579773]
[1.9739737510681152]
[30.055282592773438]
[2.1796529293060303]
[7.176700592041016]
[10.260794639587402]
[2.0502710342407227]
[2.447840452194214]
[0.7460048198699951]
[223.48699951171875]
[9.734724998474121]
[0.9855459332466125]
[1.6391350030899048]
[0.6511343121528625]
[0.4610886871814728]
[15.935030937194824]
[2.5288119316101074]
[15.609453201293945]
[94.30635833740234]
[0.5238936543464661]
[0.4240345358848572]
[0.5738222599029541]
[7.340957164764404]
[3.4425172805786133]
[0.3001161515712738]
[105.7936019897461]
[4.18358039855957]
[15.653390884399414]
[0.8840034604072571]
[83.61636352539062]
[0.3902263343334198]
[0.2164057195186615]
[0.23300720751285553]
[0.4329342544078827]
[0.5500231385231018]
[0.7614991068840027]
[38.023529052734375]
[0.26582062244415283]
[23.381263732910156]
[1.0509305000305176]
[20.364765167236328]
[0.6781963109970093]
[1.4915825128555298]
[2.0670435428619385]
[2.150146484375]
[11.092333793640137]
[17.76781463623047]
[1.59785795211792]
[6.531000137329102]
[0.6768415570259094]
[6.10604190826416]
[6.923806190490723]
[1.3286993503570557]
[0.5525326728820801]
[4.044881820678711]
[457.89886474609375]
[1.0476922988891602]
[1.1431119441986084]
[1.9589306116104126]
[0.32609111070632935]
[2.850891351699829]
[1.5299315452575684]
[0.4842134416103363]
[1.9120416641235352]
[8.615466117858887]
[0.5520943403244019]
[1.309781551361084]
[0.7844806909561157]
[1.1071144342422485]
[0.525774359703064]
[0.5161914825439453]
[2.432868003845215]
[0.7034726142883301]
[7.3545026779174805]
[0.8091812133789062]
[3.5404345989227295]
[1.3722729682922363]
[2.135016918182373]
[473.571044921875]
[7.656503200531006]
[0.6210364103317261]
[48.954742431640625]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[9.45840072631836]
[1.0025293827056885]
[1.0058048963546753]
[106.0259017944336]
[6.119229793548584]
[14.781659126281738]
[30.614797592163086]
[6.184870719909668]
[1.722861647605896]
[0.5928056836128235]
[10.249255180358887]
[1.738134503364563]
[2.564988374710083]
[16.24104881286621]
[1.6353775262832642]
[1.4692120552062988]
[166.57408142089844]
[5.395862579345703]
[0.40953919291496277]
[3.321073532104492]
[0.2757294178009033]
[0.9047976732254028]
[0.8740043044090271]
[7.848433017730713]
[5.281239032745361]
[2.0202248096466064]
[2.326359748840332]
[0.6141509413719177]
[163.45555114746094]
[3.6022226810455322]
[2.0487422943115234]
[21.519203186035156]
[1.9473217725753784]
[30.508438110351562]
[3.1243255138397217]
[13.758584022521973]
[0.3866175413131714]
[1.2383009195327759]
[0.9591162204742432]
[7.599654674530029]
[1.0346580743789673]
[0.6076068878173828]
[1.5974329710006714]
[6.018411636352539]
[0.6616700887680054]
[26.637338638305664]
[34.64445495605469]
[12.984598159790039]
[4.431765556335449]
[7.425356864929199]
[1.2882506847381592]
[3.5966637134552]
[0.5358558297157288]
[1.5284013748168945]
[1.3222905397415161]
[10.768723487854004]
[1.0907623767852783]
[1.2439361810684204]
[0.5992673635482788]
[10.667876243591309]
[214.34547424316406]
[1.923672080039978]
[0.29835599660873413]
[0.6508311629295349]
[4.931197643280029]
[0.5861713886260986]
[0.6472362279891968]
[2.2617287635803223]
[7.292799472808838]
[45.22747039794922]
[3.229469060897827]
[6.52304744720459]
[0.6807665228843689]
[1.6048707962036133]
[1.2296823263168335]
[1.4161453247070312]
[0.5994660258293152]
[1.1081438064575195]
[2.533533811569214]
[0.4593502879142761]
[2.6534085273742676]
[0.651675820350647]
[139.6179656982422]
[2.056392192840576]
[0.8344976902008057]
[0.3080710172653198]
[1.0907608270645142]
[0.36860135197639465]
[1.2591632604599]
[0.9421718716621399]
[0.4098522961139679]
[176.97225952148438]
[1.7550827264785767]
[2.605994462966919]
[0.4653934836387634]
[4.978116989135742]
[0.5378550887107849]
[2.665515184402466]
[1.2495696544647217]
[0.5742791891098022]
[1.3246722221374512]
[15.52421760559082]
[18.199302673339844]
[0.4963066577911377]
[0.7289222478866577]
[11.30102252960205]
[0.7139670848846436]
[2.2470738887786865]
[7.0986552238464355]
[8.415095329284668]
[2.611802101135254]
[1.4611930847167969]
[0.7001510858535767]
[0.8727801442146301]
[7.788357734680176]
[7.822259426116943]
[1.4528926610946655]
[31.924938201904297]
[28.464426040649414]
[2.0225958824157715]
[0.9986627697944641]
[3.376448631286621]
[4.5686774253845215]
[0.8346216082572937]
[2.3509254455566406]
[12.43079948425293]
[82.67913055419922]
[0.3484348952770233]
[1.8022961616516113]
[12.925457000732422]
[0.6900690197944641]
[1.866942286491394]
[0.6985125541687012]
[12.793060302734375]
[10.038724899291992]
[1.376501202583313]
[0.5526477098464966]
[14.896296501159668]
[2.511223077774048]
[1.4391441345214844]
[1.7567440271377563]
[193.57550048828125]
[0.5818201303482056]
[1.0542008876800537]
[3.6844282150268555]
[1.1503729820251465]
[0.9215834736824036]
[1.401596188545227]
[12.87166976928711]
[1.160342812538147]
[1.244416356086731]
[2.1845433712005615]
[0.8069379925727844]
[0.42052170634269714]
[1.6866660118103027]
[0.4371846318244934]
[1.5377787351608276]
[1.541306495666504]
[0.9824250936508179]
[72.9304428100586]
[2.651799201965332]
[1.75923490524292]
[0.4027300775051117]
[6.9583516120910645]
[1.276003122329712]
[1.3888916969299316]
[28.70673179626465]
[0.3300110995769501]
[12.419891357421875]
[13.023521423339844]
[64.30309295654297]
[1.7396965026855469]
[5.396559238433838]
[3.2075300216674805]
[0.8655183911323547]
[0.6482654809951782]
[6.605534076690674]
[1.100144386291504]
[2.919924259185791]
[2.712512493133545]
[1.643646240234375]
[4.229194641113281]
[10.144814491271973]
[6.550398349761963]
[1.0174875259399414]
[0.7898798584938049]
[1.988335371017456]
[4.0593953132629395]
[1.5772351026535034]
[0.45373648405075073]
[1.164344310760498]
[3.310842514038086]
[0.41226643323898315]
[5.00288200378418]
[1.085581660270691]
[1.0813060998916626]
[0.2460668683052063]
[6.580639839172363]
[0.8708274364471436]
[130.06199645996094]
[0.9763673543930054]
[38.148311614990234]
[0.5570685863494873]
[3.640427350997925]
[0.5376196503639221]
[0.7797747254371643]
[11.01188850402832]
[1.2962069511413574]
[1.5218461751937866]
[33.54631805419922]
[1.541741967201233]
[19.32988929748535]
[2.5076143741607666]
[1.4238609075546265]
[0.35428011417388916]
[0.17595230042934418]
[1.3499679565429688]
[0.29225119948387146]
[0.3004557490348816]
[1.531724214553833]
[3.6004223823547363]
[0.19356673955917358]
[1.7604626417160034]
[0.7300834059715271]
[0.5747655630111694]
[1.3919482231140137]
[51.97235870361328]
[324.7913818359375]
[1.5846229791641235]
[1.8667701482772827]
[1.1410458087921143]
[15.751201629638672]
[22.64867401123047]
[14.851207733154297]
[0.4032323956489563]
[5.6256208419799805]
[0.19449688494205475]
[167.39285278320312]
[15.463313102722168]
[24.000408172607422]
[17.59737777709961]
[0.6649647355079651]
[0.6125633120536804]
[0.9590490460395813]
[0.9519394040107727]
[0.4198084771633148]
[0.5574613213539124]
[0.6312639713287354]
[15.863349914550781]
[0.7486317157745361]
[0.6542730927467346]
[2.352246046066284]
[1.6019307374954224]
[0.8173577189445496]
[6.069065570831299]
[11.561456680297852]
[0.8122260570526123]
[11.599283218383789]
[2.9084339141845703]
[18.38541603088379]
[3.926732063293457]
[0.7564038634300232]
[28.787092208862305]
[0.6368576884269714]
[0.18953818082809448]
[0.6475945115089417]
[10.088055610656738]
[0.5727381706237793]
[1.0147817134857178]
[0.9918044209480286]
[0.30495572090148926]
[11.050088882446289]
[25.186071395874023]
[0.6834607124328613]
[20.390153884887695]
[1.3632333278656006]
[1.606263279914856]
[0.20807410776615143]
[12.11056900024414]
[3.3409605026245117]
[0.489679217338562]
[0.2356773018836975]
[0.4292027950286865]
[7.153759002685547]
[8.090439796447754]
[0.9372313618659973]
[313.2208251953125]
[10.7833251953125]
[2.4537482261657715]
[0.9710996747016907]
[0.16007259488105774]
[124.0988540649414]
[5.127903461456299]
[2.592864751815796]
[0.272781103849411]
[1.260347843170166]
[0.7513310313224792]
[1.0394223928451538]
[13.845425605773926]
[0.22401440143585205]
[1.223357915878296]
[3.439329147338867]
[1.7698140144348145]
[0.21663105487823486]
[0.5350644588470459]
[1.188273549079895]
[86.06734466552734]
[3.0268068313598633]
[2.563458204269409]
[0.8207018971443176]
[3.2572216987609863]
[1.8392993211746216]
[51.000701904296875]
[360.4315490722656]
[0.7740442156791687]
[2.5826919078826904]
[3.9725308418273926]
[1.1069974899291992]
[1.4648261070251465]
[0.2983795404434204]
[1.5862011909484863]
[5.957170486450195]
[2.553295850753784]
[4.54705286026001]
[2.4640614986419678]
[6.265458583831787]
[8.997949600219727]
[0.6353572607040405]
[2.0885112285614014]
[0.6010271906852722]
[0.5332050323486328]
[37.070518493652344]
[14.929703712463379]
[1.6642802953720093]
[15.2723388671875]
[1.9740054607391357]
[0.9294061064720154]
[1.6534043550491333]
[1.1797605752944946]
[299.2269287109375]
[10.159825325012207]
[2.0701146125793457]
[3.291330575942993]
[2.4727773666381836]
[12.121659278869629]
[1.0215137004852295]
[5.439268589019775]
[0.35559555888175964]
[13.842212677001953]
[1.729803442955017]
[1.730444312095642]
[0.3817419707775116]
[15.37670612335205]
[10.02209186553955]
[0.7464997172355652]
[0.5440766215324402]
[3.243818759918213]
[15.525562286376953]
[0.9942694306373596]
[0.9322799444198608]
[17.771259307861328]
[1.3166896104812622]
[0.1715988963842392]
[0.9257155060768127]
[0.40763717889785767]
[16.916343688964844]
[0.5168161988258362]
[0.7484360337257385]
[0.6387611031532288]
[8.360772132873535]
[1.1216723918914795]
[0.45770150423049927]
[12.513243675231934]
[0.8326715230941772]
[2.764453172683716]
[1.2852367162704468]
[2.2329962253570557]
[0.41521477699279785]
[1.2634323835372925]
[0.34306976199150085]
[0.7397749423980713]
[157.3708038330078]
[1.8211479187011719]
[0.2875173091888428]
[0.8665801286697388]
[0.3236697018146515]
[0.23294273018836975]
[0.8316628932952881]
[0.9159883260726929]
[151.5419921875]
[0.8096904158592224]
[2.1882829666137695]
[2.3282032012939453]
[0.4067314863204956]
[17.547500610351562]
[0.292778879404068]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[12.059060096740723]
[0.3139248192310333]
[1.1119858026504517]
[2.000406265258789]
[0.9388161301612854]
[1.0605546236038208]
[0.5635526180267334]
[102.03860473632812]
[1.3392000198364258]
[19.130325317382812]
[10.395779609680176]
[9.0184907913208]
[10.262441635131836]
[0.31537947058677673]
[0.6872346997261047]
[0.897932767868042]
[2.4048538208007812]
[0.5335446000099182]
[13.024212837219238]
[2.6752777099609375]
[0.5350412130355835]
[1.9169373512268066]
[1.0801838636398315]
[1.1271586418151855]
[13.974002838134766]
[0.5431303977966309]
[0.8495243787765503]
[1.9235159158706665]
[1.7914667129516602]
[1.4016510248184204]
[1.650142788887024]
[0.7271584272384644]
[2.6445138454437256]
[0.43603870272636414]
[0.9598369002342224]
[11.457298278808594]
[0.46412521600723267]
[1.1654653549194336]
[7.961449146270752]
[1.0481946468353271]
[0.8209607005119324]
[0.4905487895011902]
[0.40651974081993103]
[0.3375706076622009]
[13.382102012634277]
[1.9465205669403076]
[0.7625754475593567]
[0.33654558658599854]
[0.8750459551811218]
[0.3402976989746094]
[1.5769141912460327]
[16.408004760742188]
[0.1861240267753601]
[0.8569585680961609]
[1.837019920349121]
[5.501510143280029]
[9.472513198852539]
[6.69320821762085]
[0.16675160825252533]
[3.378340482711792]
[0.7927629947662354]
[1.0971578359603882]
[0.25422433018684387]
[1.0932183265686035]
[80.38240051269531]
[27.898984909057617]
[0.27039963006973267]
[0.3243284523487091]
[2.0148565769195557]
[0.47170016169548035]
[4.027218818664551]
[4.908069610595703]
[5.951581954956055]
[122.64080810546875]
[2.311889171600342]
[0.4853724539279938]
[3.667295455932617]
[2.1124868392944336]
[0.2788592278957367]
[0.6834782958030701]
[0.3644556701183319]
[9.447720527648926]
[128.72438049316406]
[0.3337613344192505]
[0.7315777540206909]
[0.8878459930419922]
[5.094198703765869]
[0.9150218367576599]
[3.7518117427825928]
[1.6584343910217285]
[3.2082672119140625]
[105.41852569580078]
[1.3698174953460693]
[19.407066345214844]
[15.481385231018066]
[123.78591918945312]
[6.123956203460693]
[1.4166123867034912]
[12.576188087463379]
[0.6565132141113281]
[5.628470420837402]
[0.24501512944698334]
[5.945828914642334]
[7.295505523681641]
[26.05718421936035]
[5.044003486633301]
[297.5411376953125]
[0.2634744346141815]
[1.9694994688034058]
[8.136768341064453]
[5.0548906326293945]
[1.939223289489746]
[1.3371270895004272]
[1.8209267854690552]
[7.182147979736328]
[424.0706787109375]
[1.0028204917907715]
[0.709602952003479]
[0.7610101103782654]
[3.749772548675537]
[1.049912929534912]
[0.515984058380127]
[26.47333335876465]
[2.5151264667510986]
[1.3562768697738647]
[0.7422733306884766]
[9.485684394836426]
[4.679588794708252]
[2.816640853881836]
[2.7680530548095703]
[20.71518325805664]
[1.332705020904541]
[16.73699188232422]
[0.3231205642223358]
[3.4339776039123535]
[2.509206771850586]
[10.401761054992676]
[25.373300552368164]
[2.1979477405548096]
[0.6399370431900024]
[2.168508529663086]
[17.372709274291992]
[1.1019459962844849]
[0.9645698666572571]
[3.2112369537353516]
[0.6390489339828491]
[10.585302352905273]
[5.267277240753174]
[0.4904116094112396]
[93.7011489868164]
[2.6632285118103027]
[1.5576117038726807]
[0.7397030591964722]
[0.5309372544288635]
[1.426511526107788]
[0.8962278962135315]
[0.5950818657875061]
[281.8052978515625]
[1.6578774452209473]
[1.1218116283416748]
[19.067522048950195]
[0.5553951859474182]
[273.95428466796875]
[0.49758484959602356]
[1.2746212482452393]
[3.6428887844085693]
[10.94921588897705]
[2.347757339477539]
[0.5234626531600952]
[0.8445234894752502]
[0.8643913865089417]
[11.952679634094238]
[1.6349177360534668]
[283.7006530761719]
[1.8171894550323486]
[5.8443708419799805]
[10.470098495483398]
[1.3924542665481567]
[0.4427284896373749]
[11.574812889099121]
[0.8614766597747803]
[0.7234944701194763]
[3.2289857864379883]
[1.6126376390457153]
[1.5331398248672485]
[4.087698459625244]
[0.4024113416671753]
[0.2501107454299927]
[84.53661346435547]
[6.565557479858398]
[0.7270256876945496]
[25.57262420654297]
[25.678815841674805]
[2.3801746368408203]
[1.9268337488174438]
[9.827934265136719]
[22.322799682617188]
[1.5054298639297485]
[0.6619626879692078]
[2.6444742679595947]
[1.9600367546081543]
[0.8731458783149719]
[13.742039680480957]
[3.5377609729766846]
[0.34594374895095825]
[5.825900077819824]
[16.887643814086914]
[24.1730899810791]
[0.45489147305488586]
[8.827150344848633]
[1.053168535232544]
[18.774765014648438]
[0.49006888270378113]
[0.9573589563369751]
[3.0077593326568604]
[27.88683319091797]
[3.132488489151001]
[3.885434627532959]
[0.32231321930885315]
[2.936519145965576]
[6.671563625335693]
[1.5602774620056152]
[0.4745529592037201]
[1.8134311437606812]
[12.564183235168457]
[7.127045154571533]
[8.5332612991333]
[1.0767347812652588]
[0.36693650484085083]
[1.761317253112793]
[2.452744245529175]
[1.533775806427002]
[21.770397186279297]
[0.7429479360580444]
[0.8276407718658447]
[9.279595375061035]
[0.5877389907836914]
[6.954782485961914]
[2.478452444076538]
[1.2382432222366333]
[0.4317317605018616]
[4.174169540405273]
[2.156158685684204]
[0.4215891659259796]
[0.6669033765792847]
[1.2799711227416992]
[2.3762905597686768]
[3.946199417114258]
[0.22642898559570312]
[113.24530029296875]
[3.219515800476074]
[160.2274627685547]
[8.011080741882324]
[0.39014139771461487]
[0.5082070827484131]
[0.3864724338054657]
[2.1293015480041504]
[4.968481540679932]
[15.456769943237305]
[3.9576282501220703]
[49.23625183105469]
[7.716350078582764]
[0.18273326754570007]
[1.7902145385742188]
[10.489218711853027]
[179.61822509765625]
[0.3847353756427765]
[1.7020586729049683]
[0.7687303423881531]
[5.142260551452637]
[0.8245582580566406]
[12.747941970825195]
[1.1389530897140503]
[25.23151397705078]
[1.0616827011108398]
[0.2477327138185501]
[4.558988094329834]
[0.314428448677063]
[0.6559982299804688]
[89.0407943725586]
[1.2287334203720093]
[2.4499154090881348]
[0.6724615693092346]
[4.486360549926758]
[0.6474389433860779]
[0.6201393008232117]
[19.384532928466797]
[24.69780921936035]
[1.3745802640914917]
[0.6532317399978638]
[20.041488647460938]
[25.805221557617188]
[0.4452982246875763]
[38.342437744140625]
[2.1629927158355713]
[1.617691159248352]
[1.6951193809509277]
[13.316675186157227]
[2.0182251930236816]
[0.7429258823394775]
[0.9598116874694824]
[3.0207293033599854]
[79.53877258300781]
[2.3979263305664062]
[0.7405415177345276]
[2.3667144775390625]
[11.759988784790039]
[5.560581207275391]
[1.2110483646392822]
[1.1389352083206177]
[0.34944483637809753]
[3.4472568035125732]
[155.74147033691406]
[2.0075860023498535]
[1.8311291933059692]
[1.9664534330368042]
[0.3509432077407837]
[8.763420104980469]
[0.885138750076294]
[10.3755464553833]
[0.2972842752933502]
[0.3170768618583679]
[1.7292474508285522]
[2.6014232635498047]
[1.1617873907089233]
[7.558527946472168]
[0.5735390782356262]
[0.8398416638374329]
[7.273237228393555]
[11.532849311828613]
[2.660862922668457]
[0.942176878452301]
[8.821471214294434]
[0.8238918781280518]
[11.73646354675293]
[1.0518007278442383]
[22.855337142944336]
[10.796609878540039]
[10.593486785888672]
[9.908162117004395]
[4.800673961639404]
[8.072659492492676]
[1.9301832914352417]
[1.0687488317489624]
[0.21941211819648743]
[0.8132901787757874]
[3.721639633178711]
[3.6591010093688965]
[0.4057389199733734]
[0.5901719927787781]
[1.7849758863449097]
[0.43725377321243286]
[0.28792813420295715]
[0.269204318523407]
[1.6952903270721436]
[0.16299186646938324]
[1.8188352584838867]
[0.7477390766143799]
[0.3324733078479767]
[0.30237877368927]
[1.5933035612106323]
[2.958345651626587]
[13.772351264953613]
[14.033441543579102]
[0.8158520460128784]
[5.081473350524902]
[19.107547760009766]
[0.22609896957874298]
[5.695143222808838]
[0.3771851062774658]
[6.711040019989014]
[7.217400074005127]
[0.5755424499511719]
[0.5220064520835876]
[0.5071396827697754]
[0.5481547713279724]
[6.1634202003479]
[1.248268485069275]
[4.908106327056885]
[10.584437370300293]
[1.1990809440612793]
[3.160837173461914]
[4.904754638671875]
[1.4165725708007812]
[1.290046215057373]
[0.5650497674942017]
[0.2833172380924225]
[3.974031686782837]
[0.4691354036331177]
[0.17772310972213745]
[0.4290662705898285]
[0.428222119808197]
[2.5447144508361816]
[3.4526450634002686]
[0.36734849214553833]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[1.753279209136963]
[331.4814147949219]
[0.7912337779998779]
[11.244586944580078]
[2.959231376647949]
[2.4871983528137207]
[16.563322067260742]
[0.985890805721283]
[1.1706874370574951]
[1.65532648563385]
[1.0499982833862305]
[1.0315808057785034]
[1.0686558485031128]
[11.535985946655273]
[2.0191543102264404]
[0.7475283145904541]
[0.684482216835022]
[29.871278762817383]
[15.48807144165039]
[0.6170010566711426]
[24.040321350097656]
[0.7828941941261292]
[11.516925811767578]
[0.7500389218330383]
[12.669866561889648]
[3.446624994277954]
[1.667264699935913]
[0.8221460580825806]
[0.8669032454490662]
[1.1153030395507812]
[3.478229284286499]
[6.7110772132873535]
[1.0246244668960571]
[11.19778823852539]
[0.6424863338470459]
[0.6237981915473938]
[1.6089550256729126]
[2.481384515762329]
[10.507436752319336]
[8.348511695861816]
[45.525917053222656]
[0.5176193714141846]
[11.47335433959961]
[0.5820220708847046]
[9.272428512573242]
[0.6832523345947266]
[2.3151280879974365]
[6.432639122009277]
[1.0821223258972168]
[1.5631308555603027]
[1.2087310552597046]
[9.870156288146973]
[0.5302329063415527]
[8.413023948669434]
[3.0977425575256348]
[3.6973605155944824]
[0.4323023557662964]
[5.4247612953186035]
[10.23082447052002]
[0.5502566695213318]
[18.358428955078125]
[2.1130807399749756]
[0.9734788537025452]
[9.201009750366211]
[1.019994854927063]
[1.1543300151824951]
[1.2307313680648804]
[1.0626448392868042]
[0.8082231283187866]
[1.7535910606384277]
[1.1726152896881104]
[0.7524449825286865]
[0.5804221630096436]
[1.4191147089004517]
[124.56141662597656]
[3.6287643909454346]
[0.41201820969581604]
[0.533616304397583]
[8.038743019104004]
[3.1518197059631348]
[1.711159348487854]
[7.666423320770264]
[1.3908168077468872]
[0.3982740640640259]
[0.940438449382782]
[2.5705487728118896]
[1.1915751695632935]
[0.27952975034713745]
[267.2113952636719]
[5.911934852600098]
[1.6207951307296753]
[0.2908618748188019]
[1.5076533555984497]
[13.720447540283203]
[0.35051289200782776]
[6.461628437042236]
[4.036260604858398]
[10.362099647521973]
[5.141241550445557]
[0.4855499267578125]
[1.1847310066223145]
[0.5932306051254272]
[3.0970587730407715]
[0.16424694657325745]
[0.7121524810791016]
[0.5624223947525024]
[9.540643692016602]
[323.15447998046875]
[0.612086296081543]
[7.184738636016846]
[1.0591317415237427]
[1.4308326244354248]
[0.6826854944229126]
[0.6428515911102295]
[0.3742397725582123]
[0.17160898447036743]
[21.573457717895508]
[1.7106841802597046]
[5.435882568359375]
[2.544973373413086]
[2.563856601715088]
[4.839524269104004]
[21.532276153564453]
[0.33597663044929504]
[2.2245981693267822]
[87.73413848876953]
[0.308433473110199]
[1.0853397846221924]
[19.30247688293457]
[1.8618077039718628]
[0.5784212946891785]
[0.5108801126480103]
[0.2990914583206177]
[1.6540777683258057]
[1.4462393522262573]
[16.306957244873047]
[0.6377784609794617]
[0.39498618245124817]
[1.0881489515304565]
[4.483863353729248]
[1.3916712999343872]
[93.92933654785156]
[8.538021087646484]
[0.5119203329086304]
[14.144369125366211]
[0.7616857290267944]
[12.47500991821289]
[20.487991333007812]
[2.9497568607330322]
[0.5178916454315186]
[0.36941516399383545]
[14.321329116821289]
[0.41887223720550537]
[0.3841521143913269]
[2.4156434535980225]
[1.5282036066055298]
[0.4040067791938782]
[2.4036824703216553]
[2.0717928409576416]
[0.266452819108963]
[9.808362007141113]
[0.9006394147872925]
[10.701075553894043]
[1.0488320589065552]
[0.5521731376647949]
[0.3519793748855591]
[0.5962124466896057]
[0.31868791580200195]
[43.87800216674805]
[3.784205675125122]
[356.271728515625]
[0.19909124076366425]
[0.31803908944129944]
[10.315486907958984]
[1.8393522500991821]
[14.604719161987305]
[7.57811164855957]
[0.666079044342041]
[5.6255784034729]
[18.203861236572266]
[18.83561134338379]
[2.1550209522247314]
[4.034303665161133]
[0.3888784348964691]
[0.6455142498016357]
[3.652989387512207]
[5.251227855682373]
[0.8561148643493652]
[255.5198974609375]
[0.6179326772689819]
[3.322136878967285]
[0.7603768110275269]
[23.5539608001709]
[1.643404245376587]
[0.6951766014099121]
[0.21964038908481598]
[2.161059617996216]
[0.5810503363609314]
[1.1333030462265015]
[3.359262466430664]
[0.5574178099632263]
[2.848362684249878]
[0.23687487840652466]
[1.1360893249511719]
[34.716163635253906]
[13.769120216369629]
[0.2655005156993866]
[13.199664115905762]
[5.325454235076904]
[22.60753631591797]
[20.342363357543945]
[1.266797661781311]
[0.6756532788276672]
[21.77857208251953]
[3.0645360946655273]
[0.26342320442199707]
[92.00399780273438]
[1.5836917161941528]
[8.652151107788086]
[21.348833084106445]
[12.374173164367676]
[24.722492218017578]
[0.27537259459495544]
[0.3044571876525879]
[9.026494026184082]
[0.4182884693145752]
[0.36540481448173523]
[30.33185577392578]
[0.22911179065704346]
[5.392508506774902]
[0.33596909046173096]
[4.214963912963867]
[0.3707836866378784]
[0.467812180519104]
[0.4671107828617096]
[0.27807295322418213]
[0.267387330532074]
[115.22628021240234]
[1.430732011795044]
[0.29229164123535156]
[1.0157808065414429]
[0.9531413912773132]
[1.7742713689804077]
[0.21984876692295074]
[0.31066372990608215]
[4.6637797355651855]
[0.6641290783882141]
[249.39146423339844]
[23.553876876831055]
[1.536159634590149]
[0.762830376625061]
[0.8363980054855347]
[3.453814744949341]
[1.607765555381775]
[1.2554030418395996]
[11.553457260131836]
[1.9324513673782349]
[0.6426901817321777]
[400.67803955078125]
[1.478217601776123]
[0.24166789650917053]
[13.18992805480957]
[0.2597891092300415]
[6.534399032592773]
[9.718623161315918]
[6.705390453338623]
[5.300520420074463]
[104.06648254394531]
[2.1665289402008057]
[2.659426212310791]
[19.336885452270508]
[17.266254425048828]
[0.43259796500205994]
[2.6945385932922363]
[0.5395960807800293]
[9.819633483886719]
[0.4761298894882202]
[41.9494743347168]
[0.3897567093372345]
[4.577769756317139]
[5.814155101776123]
[1.1587947607040405]
[0.5517198443412781]
[2.909576416015625]
[1.040398359298706]
[0.8448958396911621]
[1.0708460807800293]
[1.9353207349777222]
[8.958993911743164]
[0.8411510586738586]
[33.5255012512207]
[2.057096481323242]
[90.50112915039062]
[7.536535739898682]
[2.0917673110961914]
[0.17138616740703583]
[2.177983283996582]
[22.400667190551758]
[1.4300824403762817]
[0.26257145404815674]
[0.6895130276679993]
[0.5738281011581421]
[15.789737701416016]
[0.35791075229644775]
[2.4584906101226807]
[0.9939596056938171]
[35.82843017578125]
[0.8272148370742798]
[0.6107590198516846]
[1.8954967260360718]
[2.781444787979126]
[1.81206476688385]
[13.391495704650879]
[0.7245544195175171]
[0.2923722565174103]
[0.4040029048919678]
[1.0226331949234009]
[98.02298736572266]
[0.66419517993927]
[0.2996622323989868]
[2.3228986263275146]
[0.8301019072532654]
[8.982604026794434]
[3.0386245250701904]
[12.550470352172852]
[48.4113883972168]
[0.16358567774295807]
[2.896498918533325]
[1.4540613889694214]
[4.116647243499756]
[0.754981517791748]
[1.4320933818817139]
[2.5843164920806885]
[1.0786657333374023]
[1.7173094749450684]
[19.433507919311523]
[0.9503655433654785]
[12.45659065246582]
[0.7627956867218018]
[0.5001424551010132]
[0.5753229260444641]
[7.811848163604736]
[0.5461398959159851]
[0.2516231834888458]
[0.4255388677120209]
[0.3671305775642395]
[24.1243839263916]
[0.48128145933151245]
[0.6260861754417419]
[9.098607063293457]
[0.43554651737213135]
[9.414917945861816]
[10.013975143432617]
[1.4492803812026978]
[4.534209728240967]
[0.42548680305480957]
[0.886294960975647]
[3.877293348312378]
[5.367976188659668]
[3.841113328933716]
[0.20685645937919617]
[2.7282660007476807]
[0.24495600163936615]
[2.276590347290039]
[2.331727981567383]
[2.2692818641662598]
[0.5924267768859863]
[1.776113748550415]
[0.2205585092306137]
[0.5629696846008301]
[0.5829954743385315]
[0.5104194283485413]
[1.5440798997879028]
[0.8070880770683289]
[0.6023486852645874]
[0.3329062759876251]
[1.1108005046844482]
[8.957667350769043]
[1.090278148651123]
[7.802707672119141]
[0.9658994078636169]
[7.632247447967529]
[0.574235737323761]
[1.769389033317566]
[0.7954300045967102]
[0.8816961050033569]
[0.32892706990242004]
[0.670113742351532]
[1.3180601596832275]
[0.23190611600875854]
[0.5982901453971863]
[0.3664523959159851]
[0.15803058445453644]
[0.8092226982116699]
[0.5600589513778687]
[0.1611916571855545]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.7953101396560669]
[0.47798365354537964]
[0.46900221705436707]
[0.6166277527809143]
[105.16091918945312]
[1.3920685052871704]
[25.66053009033203]
[0.5691888332366943]
[1.0765341520309448]
[0.19128458201885223]
[0.748192548751831]
[7.321649074554443]
[0.9200246334075928]
[0.2003427892923355]
[90.84265899658203]
[0.5132451057434082]
[0.41001608967781067]
[1.4285330772399902]
[0.3936757743358612]
[1.3181096315383911]
[87.01720428466797]
[1.6170541048049927]
[265.2296142578125]
[1.8466533422470093]
[5.507935047149658]
[9.03775405883789]
[0.4576742649078369]
[4.063699722290039]
[13.834494590759277]
[3.368398427963257]
[1.2146844863891602]
[19.313024520874023]
[0.2520475685596466]
[1.2084773778915405]
[1.5518139600753784]
[1.1441479921340942]
[4.115309715270996]
[5.1031646728515625]
[0.4809674918651581]
[2.692659854888916]
[11.31025505065918]
[1.4422537088394165]
[1.0021891593933105]
[1.3869105577468872]
[0.14696112275123596]
[0.2495381385087967]
[29.367633819580078]
[0.22119134664535522]
[0.8060894012451172]
[15.293456077575684]
[0.24628058075904846]
[0.5759525895118713]
[89.38098907470703]
[1.9869221448898315]
[1.864989161491394]
[0.2117130607366562]
[14.882246017456055]
[0.7038555145263672]
[1.2968497276306152]
[0.2061024159193039]
[0.734673023223877]
[9.929143905639648]
[2.8877248764038086]
[0.8385459780693054]
[1.3914281129837036]
[0.29597416520118713]
[3.982344388961792]
[1.0927858352661133]
[5.934858798980713]
[55.674068450927734]
[0.25666847825050354]
[1.1733964681625366]
[0.6992026567459106]
[23.42551040649414]
[0.3621324896812439]
[0.45090726017951965]
[0.3504982888698578]
[14.635644912719727]
[0.6836814284324646]
[4.035546779632568]
[96.19552612304688]
[34.487998962402344]
[5.300529956817627]
[5.704473495483398]
[10.237275123596191]
[0.7576400637626648]
[2.3340604305267334]
[9.456826210021973]
[1.835953950881958]
[8.19529914855957]
[29.322952270507812]
[4.021115303039551]
[5.802892684936523]
[0.5397893190383911]
[41.737770080566406]
[0.41281259059906006]
[0.4802831709384918]
[0.33051154017448425]
[1.128135323524475]
[0.23703889548778534]
[93.3725814819336]
[0.5398463606834412]
[1.006473422050476]
[2.3262240886688232]
[0.2570858299732208]
[0.45285406708717346]
[0.2823043465614319]
[0.588327169418335]
[0.5773386359214783]
[23.819353103637695]
[5.53874397277832]
[0.23649023473262787]
[0.3763526678085327]
[0.17835481464862823]
[1.1917961835861206]
[0.16265064477920532]
[0.636070728302002]
[1.5056769847869873]
[73.48138427734375]
[19.604543685913086]
[1.5263276100158691]
[2.7561256885528564]
[11.394705772399902]
[1.1938844919204712]
[0.3914240598678589]
[0.5368874669075012]
[7.237539768218994]
[0.14325575530529022]
[0.22738559544086456]
[0.2928366959095001]
[2.7925570011138916]
[2.1546061038970947]
[4.163918972015381]
[11.971576690673828]
[4.21652889251709]
[0.5048791766166687]
[4.293482780456543]
[3.812826156616211]
[42.499359130859375]
[4.675111770629883]
[0.29226648807525635]
[0.3799179196357727]
[1.3785388469696045]
[1.276587724685669]
[12.376213073730469]
[0.28935232758522034]
[0.29502877593040466]
[10.495077133178711]
[4.511091232299805]
[11.74553108215332]
[2.3537535667419434]
[0.4933137595653534]
[3.0413694381713867]
[0.3748129904270172]
[4.744257926940918]
[2.5496959686279297]
[0.46277564764022827]
[9.133973121643066]
[2.576107978820801]
[4.060752868652344]
[11.256424903869629]
[6.384266376495361]
[0.4526221454143524]
[0.23674970865249634]
[0.07389505952596664]
[253.6609344482422]
[0.027639545500278473]
[0.9342002272605896]
[143.8517608642578]
[0.18495014309883118]
[12.470855712890625]
[0.5476198196411133]
[0.7874276041984558]
[3.044990301132202]
[0.6152424812316895]
[7.165818691253662]
[3.5280447006225586]
[1.1174877882003784]
[0.36136820912361145]
[2.1786856651306152]
[2.0627589225769043]
[0.17971108853816986]
[3.3033361434936523]
[6.0260419845581055]
[0.3179525136947632]
[0.34319156408309937]
[0.508464515209198]
[1.1921660900115967]
[5.869422435760498]
[1.1837619543075562]
[18.409996032714844]
[0.16244341433048248]
[2.0131003856658936]
[0.5503621101379395]
[6.391110897064209]
[0.5089268088340759]
[61.052852630615234]
[2.865407943725586]
[29.202686309814453]
[0.5631777048110962]
[0.1560567021369934]
[0.7611539959907532]
[1.1253143548965454]
[11.96135139465332]
[0.21389605104923248]
[1.2469978332519531]
[1.1594966650009155]
[0.33599787950515747]
[3.586146354675293]
[173.47998046875]
[0.5486510992050171]
[1.7392467260360718]
[0.8880565762519836]
[4.594580173492432]
[10.566093444824219]
[2.087390184402466]
[0.6866228580474854]
[9.971890449523926]
[19.579910278320312]
[1.2297378778457642]
[1.678492784500122]
[1.2338459491729736]
[1.2734280824661255]
[1.2016674280166626]
[4.827777862548828]
[6.853382587432861]
[34.659400939941406]
[0.7367374300956726]
[14.918807029724121]
[0.7968820929527283]
[140.1477813720703]
[9.34682846069336]
[0.7729435563087463]
[10.052408218383789]
[86.29039764404297]
[0.4170131981372833]
[34.545433044433594]
[1.2337346076965332]
[0.16208158433437347]
[1.9369006156921387]
[27.69784927368164]
[0.3235059380531311]
[0.7917219400405884]
[7.434817314147949]
[89.39415740966797]
[1.3134492635726929]
[0.5868295431137085]
[0.5624486804008484]
[0.3780469596385956]
[0.5412459373474121]
[119.36087036132812]
[0.7223208546638489]
[1.2569868564605713]
[1.3374651670455933]
[19.258943557739258]
[119.32870483398438]
[5.105381965637207]
[0.5225085020065308]
[2.6123311519622803]
[0.9550489187240601]
[0.06917636841535568]
[9.293252944946289]
[53.17582702636719]
[21.292741775512695]
[5.161956310272217]
[1.7108139991760254]
[4.785434722900391]
[2.7732627391815186]
[1.496934413909912]
[1.3371623754501343]
[0.5022348761558533]
[5.035062789916992]
[0.9907597303390503]
[1.4134292602539062]
[1.50962233543396]
[1.6365437507629395]
[0.27884814143180847]
[0.5267487168312073]
[12.935674667358398]
[1.934773564338684]
[0.14306579530239105]
[0.566667377948761]
[0.6445460319519043]
[5.996051788330078]
[7.4435319900512695]
[4.312267780303955]
[1.6081737279891968]
[1.5626957416534424]
[0.7802667021751404]
[4.2002482414245605]
[2.7637510299682617]
[3.3514809608459473]
[0.3552904427051544]
[2.6623146533966064]
[0.6831220984458923]
[0.8237656950950623]
[0.1196393370628357]
[0.24516692757606506]
[16.684917449951172]
[1.1812195777893066]
[2.424755096435547]
[3.6389319896698]
[0.01594519428908825]
[9.607254981994629]
[0.5194642543792725]
[4.092279434204102]
[0.5209175944328308]
[1.511513113975525]
[1.116024136543274]
[3.702633857727051]
[0.9209355711936951]
[14.7849760055542]
[0.4691307842731476]
[1.9392181634902954]
[0.47726333141326904]
[0.8996984362602234]
[4.261457920074463]
[30.78805923461914]
[42.957115173339844]
[0.6366360187530518]
[0.7264040112495422]
[1.0628660917282104]
[21.18213653564453]
[11.701170921325684]
[0.23644466698169708]
[1.6375532150268555]
[0.6344777941703796]
[0.5123847723007202]
[1.2241703271865845]
[10.192161560058594]
[6.729391574859619]
[33.74909591674805]
[0.2658120095729828]
[0.2607324719429016]
[7.1497721672058105]
[0.6062453985214233]
[2.7436022758483887]
[6.795804977416992]
[0.37872713804244995]
[0.8424205780029297]
[3.0354933738708496]
[0.3618243932723999]
[0.7603185772895813]
[2.1557528972625732]
[148.40756225585938]
[5.763309955596924]
[3.889178991317749]
[0.5994879007339478]
[0.4892459511756897]
[1.3854423761367798]
[158.1766357421875]
[0.42156723141670227]
[0.4896693825721741]
[2.7973644733428955]
[0.6824834942817688]
[5.713152885437012]
[0.040056582540273666]
[15.710323333740234]
[4.1883015632629395]
[0.5241992473602295]
[0.3972765803337097]
[6.223555088043213]
[6.660434722900391]
[3.7148003578186035]
[2.723525047302246]
[0.4248111844062805]
[0.8316980600357056]
[1.561501145362854]
[1.0777616500854492]
[8.50953197479248]
[0.5760605335235596]
[0.5203672647476196]
[1.252464771270752]
[216.13296508789062]
[63.49520492553711]
[0.3277970552444458]
[3.9853904247283936]
[0.3789166212081909]
[2.1657681465148926]
[0.08034350723028183]
[2.555206537246704]
[24.638399124145508]
[0.22819943726062775]
[0.22112391889095306]
[101.82843017578125]
[437.1293640136719]
[1.3809148073196411]
[1.0240659713745117]
[0.3935452699661255]
[0.229265034198761]
[8.741913795471191]
[0.09057636559009552]
[0.1822945475578308]
[1.3977354764938354]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[8.798325538635254]
[1.5021487474441528]
[35.001033782958984]
[1.7189228534698486]
[0.8251010775566101]
[12.326611518859863]
[0.15399841964244843]
[0.5689276456832886]
[6.065008640289307]
[3.792576551437378]
[0.18941250443458557]
[0.24505534768104553]
[0.5889421701431274]
[3.9108526706695557]
[3.4744362831115723]
[3.197096586227417]
[18.195606231689453]
[18.411968231201172]
[11.159222602844238]
[0.05648638308048248]
[1.1836459636688232]
[3.426553249359131]
[0.3744673430919647]
[251.43597412109375]
[30.973424911499023]
[0.5137729048728943]
[2.6073856353759766]
[3.419060707092285]
[1.0719507932662964]
[0.24627570807933807]
[0.46284937858581543]
[0.9665000438690186]
[0.9351291060447693]
[0.29026564955711365]
[0.23647095263004303]
[0.8021366596221924]
[159.5770263671875]
[24.05103302001953]
[0.4465099573135376]
[17.774925231933594]
[0.3347618877887726]
[1.7403630018234253]
[0.7668612599372864]
[3.8611505031585693]
[0.44355443120002747]
[0.36292189359664917]
[1.5893125534057617]
[13.452622413635254]
[0.9428260922431946]
[4.351678371429443]
[2.6982898712158203]
[145.10630798339844]
[0.30405279994010925]
[4.962373733520508]
[3.6344199180603027]
[0.2645505666732788]
[0.43526944518089294]
[0.020621174946427345]
[10.231563568115234]
[0.6676492094993591]
[2.6632468700408936]
[0.27967628836631775]
[1.1471854448318481]
[2.962226629257202]
[0.03746583312749863]
[33.02580261230469]
[0.5122888684272766]
[0.5625657439231873]
[4.123232841491699]
[2.2333669662475586]
[0.7638923525810242]
[410.2027587890625]
[0.4594210684299469]
[0.1524411141872406]
[193.54310607910156]
[7.29251766204834]
[2.3925576210021973]
[2.270220994949341]
[0.5351840853691101]
[0.2536974549293518]
[0.8739489912986755]
[0.3419220745563507]
[2.9435482025146484]
[0.954007089138031]
[1.088578224182129]
[6.191918849945068]
[4.030665397644043]
[0.4824809730052948]
[0.33686837553977966]
[4.054271697998047]
[1.4459384679794312]
[0.9127041101455688]
[1.1622061729431152]
[30.656782150268555]
[4.593687534332275]
[18.805618286132812]
[0.8606453537940979]
[14.172738075256348]
[4.831020355224609]
[0.6151639819145203]
[0.24003633856773376]
[2.4582273960113525]
[4.118194103240967]
[0.9764676094055176]
[4.935009002685547]
[0.4600464701652527]
[12.593957901000977]
[6.068512439727783]
[12.045353889465332]
[0.34365108609199524]
[1.298073172569275]
[0.29689905047416687]
[0.8940507769584656]
[8.505329132080078]
[171.10687255859375]
[0.760242760181427]
[3.2516679763793945]
[3.225384473800659]
[4.557253837585449]
[0.42163416743278503]
[4.7465081214904785]
[18.34225845336914]
[0.4298573434352875]
[5.868017196655273]
[0.5072664022445679]
[2.203690528869629]
[0.8660237193107605]
[17.567880630493164]
[1.9945769309997559]
[0.6244747638702393]
[18.754606246948242]
[0.1959977149963379]
[0.32359981536865234]
[27.180492401123047]
[18.13863754272461]
[0.03196808323264122]
[0.32464659214019775]
[1.0628741979599]
[0.28107890486717224]
[0.49655210971832275]
[0.8386406898498535]
[1.308823585510254]
[5.905030727386475]
[3.5351035594940186]
[22.891681671142578]
[3.105564832687378]
[11.792572975158691]
[2.6673367023468018]
[1.8915715217590332]
[4.866304397583008]
[2.8895111083984375]
[3.30562162399292]
[7.843939781188965]
[0.2729121744632721]
[3.5950112342834473]
[0.44820263981819153]
[178.2554168701172]
[0.912230908870697]
[6.249347686767578]
[0.9227360486984253]
[3.5569357872009277]
[0.5151456594467163]
[71.48869323730469]
[0.19710977375507355]
[90.60456848144531]
[0.20696941018104553]
[0.3275800347328186]
[0.2305864691734314]
[1.7800501585006714]
[25.031116485595703]
[0.15476232767105103]
[0.17154327034950256]
[11.612656593322754]
[0.6269208788871765]
[30.830101013183594]
[2.2316091060638428]
[0.8254768252372742]
[0.28399327397346497]
[0.38810184597969055]
[9.098979949951172]
[26.068815231323242]
[9.125969886779785]
[0.23083767294883728]
[0.5276806354522705]
[0.4754931628704071]
[0.6666573286056519]
[2.2730984687805176]
[5.708253383636475]
[2.388087749481201]
[41.61515808105469]
[1.1436291933059692]
[1.9284253120422363]
[0.47771063446998596]
[0.05330317094922066]
[5.959753036499023]
[0.30974724888801575]
[1.3788341283798218]
[0.42518460750579834]
[0.23496919870376587]
[0.11211219429969788]
[10.518810272216797]
[5.752511978149414]
[14.110041618347168]
[1.2053685188293457]
[4.842486381530762]
[0.13537754118442535]
[0.5844399929046631]
[4.575315952301025]
[0.16931331157684326]
[0.4923335015773773]
[1.8694348335266113]
[1.0995135307312012]
[2.4434587955474854]
[7.693638324737549]
[0.9387302398681641]
[119.36188507080078]
[0.06778562813997269]
[6.228118419647217]
[0.521949827671051]
[1.8063817024230957]
[1.7031782865524292]
[1.9465484619140625]
[2.0063960552215576]
[1.8735908269882202]
[3.1108832359313965]
[18.026281356811523]
[80.68438720703125]
[4.047794342041016]
[4.850693702697754]
[6.464052200317383]
[5.320053577423096]
[26.61931610107422]
[4.583329677581787]
[146.46417236328125]
[0.34314996004104614]
[62.007225036621094]
[0.5896558165550232]
[0.9064294695854187]
[2.987733840942383]
[0.7273654341697693]
[0.24654223024845123]
[0.5820804834365845]
[12.93404769897461]
[5.338010311126709]
[0.6372600793838501]
[0.25913935899734497]
[0.4245207905769348]
[7.055526256561279]
[0.6348426342010498]
[0.7689964175224304]
[1.6301536560058594]
[4.560197830200195]
[2.764639377593994]
[1.2468098402023315]
[0.25945937633514404]
[10.008018493652344]
[4.765486240386963]
[0.6578745245933533]
[0.494043231010437]
[2.072136402130127]
[2.0386056900024414]
[0.2556383013725281]
[0.12412223219871521]
[0.23943783342838287]
[6.639881134033203]
[1.348397970199585]
[5.021378993988037]
[3.117260456085205]
[0.40849849581718445]
[0.49033060669898987]
[5.854036331176758]
[12.220258712768555]
[0.49185189604759216]
[26.696168899536133]
[0.4769047498703003]
[4.570082187652588]
[4.297905445098877]
[8.472414016723633]
[2.975076198577881]
[25.046497344970703]
[0.2748068571090698]
[9.273221969604492]
[0.6084979772567749]
[4.1866044998168945]
[0.28066709637641907]
[0.6160869598388672]
[16.311229705810547]
[0.3654647469520569]
[2.390584707260132]
[10.011192321777344]
[4.847797870635986]
[81.19247436523438]
[0.8852108716964722]
[35.558937072753906]
[1.5343847274780273]
[2.6252453327178955]
[0.6265349388122559]
[0.37311404943466187]
[3.2154669761657715]
[1.7090455293655396]
[158.9017333984375]
[0.20242425799369812]
[2.494025468826294]
[5.249079704284668]
[2.247098922729492]
[4.095361709594727]
[0.5170570611953735]
[0.9338207244873047]
[0.4453234076499939]
[3.0694022178649902]
[11.076720237731934]
[1.0237388610839844]
[0.9954825043678284]
[1.0233381986618042]
[8.558174133300781]
[13.946246147155762]
[0.37863147258758545]
[68.34552001953125]
[2.674999475479126]
[0.438252329826355]
[0.35040146112442017]
[0.6046501398086548]
[3.230766534805298]
[1.8045696020126343]
[0.532479465007782]
[0.5169880986213684]
[0.6952463388442993]
[0.39672932028770447]
[0.5071753859519958]
[0.34083545207977295]
[5.773101329803467]
[1.0889151096343994]
[0.5124646425247192]
[0.31349456310272217]
[0.9491603374481201]
[1.7661699056625366]
[3.9609997272491455]
[0.08148036897182465]
[0.4106694757938385]
[0.5464177131652832]
[1.3469798564910889]
[103.83341979980469]
[6.524227142333984]
[1.2079840898513794]
[0.3281991183757782]
[0.12003248184919357]
[2.3303792476654053]
[0.13705292344093323]
[0.517086923122406]
[2.6913843154907227]
[1.302403450012207]
[4.0661091804504395]
[5.446831226348877]
[0.5207138657569885]
[1.6165086030960083]
[2.0188093185424805]
[2.895981788635254]
[28.578353881835938]
[25.497211456298828]
[12.43896484375]
[0.3103102445602417]
[4.242916584014893]
[0.2564232647418976]
[0.9485360980033875]
[0.41897109150886536]
[14.159991264343262]
[5.312079429626465]
[4.057124137878418]
[0.764404833316803]
[0.29354608058929443]
[0.7052399516105652]
[109.12775421142578]
[1.8652887344360352]
[1.5111018419265747]
[2.755434274673462]
[3.147566556930542]
[1.6907360553741455]
[19.73345375061035]
[28.4482421875]
[0.2078082263469696]
[1.056482195854187]
[5.208263397216797]
[1.3418217897415161]
[10.109602928161621]
[3.2665679454803467]
[1.1774357557296753]
[2.8280506134033203]
[17.306842803955078]
[21.785154342651367]
[27.823423385620117]
[0.5935657620429993]
[0.7421766519546509]
[299.0184326171875]
[11.590853691101074]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.0751991271972656]
[4.625143051147461]
[1.7212190628051758]
[0.5127968192100525]
[16.659727096557617]
[0.5614712834358215]
[4.588605880737305]
[10.352983474731445]
[172.20223999023438]
[0.18591797351837158]
[6.826493740081787]
[0.16541296243667603]
[7.768083095550537]
[1.2737617492675781]
[0.3695741295814514]
[0.7409319877624512]
[1.1469721794128418]
[0.8639766573905945]
[5.127102851867676]
[0.6000646352767944]
[0.46646687388420105]
[3.4902374744415283]
[2.130408525466919]
[0.40690505504608154]
[19.285137176513672]
[0.2559693455696106]
[1.8239457607269287]
[4.301262378692627]
[4.630596160888672]
[11.504040718078613]
[55.013912200927734]
[2.2055020332336426]
[14.741877555847168]
[10.344849586486816]
[14.292457580566406]
[438.6143493652344]
[0.3007621765136719]
[0.2204073965549469]
[0.7872282266616821]
[2.4657044410705566]
[5.579460620880127]
[33.169212341308594]
[2.685976982116699]
[1.7024810314178467]
[4.5794997215271]
[1.1220309734344482]
[1.3831548690795898]
[0.44424793124198914]
[3.227933645248413]
[1.9413982629776]
[211.6641082763672]
[1.3584986925125122]
[0.891589879989624]
[0.18026243150234222]
[11.729479789733887]
[22.642799377441406]
[4.6969523429870605]
[0.2450171411037445]
[0.2994745969772339]
[3.2259109020233154]
[120.23516845703125]
[2.155998945236206]
[2.9771347045898438]
[1.0470237731933594]
[171.88861083984375]
[158.8642120361328]
[0.6871218085289001]
[85.29015350341797]
[5.100749492645264]
[0.326996773481369]
[0.5565200448036194]
[3.3913865089416504]
[8.968132019042969]
[25.252553939819336]
[0.3853619396686554]
[0.6970041394233704]
[0.6988841891288757]
[12.97781753540039]
[0.6233009099960327]
[0.21878141164779663]
[0.6632199287414551]
[5.1495208740234375]
[3.8108890056610107]
[19.092790603637695]
[0.9508346319198608]
[32.482547760009766]
[1.1823549270629883]
[69.44054412841797]
[5.615077495574951]
[0.4959637522697449]
[0.40787196159362793]
[12.121223449707031]
[7.6068501472473145]
[0.9111167192459106]
[1.6667759418487549]
[12.139613151550293]
[0.43816524744033813]
[4.492905616760254]
[1.4530973434448242]
[1.3076144456863403]
[6.581634998321533]
[0.43329760432243347]
[0.882263720035553]
[11.996170997619629]
[0.39471206068992615]
[0.3274606764316559]
[0.5261887907981873]
[5.663637161254883]
[1.3832483291625977]
[8.520544052124023]
[0.17861036956310272]
[9.715961456298828]
[0.7551692128181458]
[0.47119826078414917]
[1.9860451221466064]
[3.1474063396453857]
[10.50721549987793]
[1.175893783569336]
[1.9882445335388184]
[32.11754608154297]
[1.5718607902526855]
[13.25953483581543]
[1.6673599481582642]
[21.783029556274414]
[0.6131883859634399]
[0.019418440759181976]
[1.7457208633422852]
[0.1057259663939476]
[12.455174446105957]
[2.0691590309143066]
[0.8802942633628845]
[0.35607844591140747]
[0.7440362572669983]
[101.6631851196289]
[0.20527736842632294]
[1.027246356010437]
[0.870435893535614]
[0.171732097864151]
[0.20614495873451233]
[0.12586891651153564]
[8.598064422607422]
[131.4746551513672]
[0.41743752360343933]
[11.027320861816406]
[0.2623539865016937]
[5.490018844604492]
[0.17639689147472382]
[1.9948992729187012]
[20.04366111755371]
[6.305434703826904]
[6.407379150390625]
[0.518057644367218]
[1.390596866607666]
[0.7304221987724304]
[0.9672876596450806]
[28.006542205810547]
[0.6653821468353271]
[1.2252506017684937]
[1.0898531675338745]
[7.288757801055908]
[2.7912282943725586]
[0.34492626786231995]
[0.6065237522125244]
[15.774585723876953]
[1.5211169719696045]
[2.843923330307007]
[4.40382194519043]
[0.6758834719657898]
[1.501682162284851]
[10.004021644592285]
[4.717380523681641]
[1.5353394746780396]
[1.4264816045761108]
[0.5260362029075623]
[0.12147844582796097]
[4.794757843017578]
[0.7381031513214111]
[0.5363218784332275]
[0.9731415510177612]
[0.04946240037679672]
[0.18120232224464417]
[1.2685602903366089]
[6.199637413024902]
[3.289222002029419]
[1.8045932054519653]
[1.2412129640579224]
[5.437502861022949]
[0.039911556988954544]
[89.32328033447266]
[39.884117126464844]
[2.6652004718780518]
[10.00423812866211]
[8.918892860412598]
[11.855729103088379]
[4.774783611297607]
[0.3883550763130188]
[0.3829134404659271]
[6.670042037963867]
[0.5343668460845947]
[30.832616806030273]
[1.0807327032089233]
[2.559561252593994]
[1.3002598285675049]
[7.404506683349609]
[1.2851098775863647]
[0.6404306292533875]
[0.7050424814224243]
[2.172264814376831]
[0.9583286046981812]
[2.563960075378418]
[22.349149703979492]
[0.5753650665283203]
[1.2338383197784424]
[0.277334064245224]
[2.9265401363372803]
[0.41860321164131165]
[1.7374681234359741]
[0.23890823125839233]
[8.095512390136719]
[0.5679328441619873]
[230.40611267089844]
[1.059320330619812]
[0.9200121164321899]
[145.34417724609375]
[0.11840684711933136]
[0.554023265838623]
[0.29747360944747925]
[0.7827358245849609]
[0.7321832180023193]
[1.1974414587020874]
[12.226489067077637]
[5.746592998504639]
[0.2799389362335205]
[35.93992614746094]
[0.12355420738458633]
[0.2233196198940277]
[0.3658066987991333]
[0.27677401900291443]
[0.6568377017974854]
[2.5280487537384033]
[0.6193938255310059]
[1.014578104019165]
[6.790721416473389]
[1.330652117729187]
[139.5609130859375]
[6.16077995300293]
[5.602240085601807]
[3.886089563369751]
[0.4261476993560791]
[0.4039994180202484]
[0.36594268679618835]
[0.19398443400859833]
[0.24135103821754456]
[1.1680498123168945]
[30.535524368286133]
[5.905120372772217]
[10.955513000488281]
[84.794677734375]
[0.20757155120372772]
[0.5880621075630188]
[0.4975789189338684]
[0.28631317615509033]
[0.29302364587783813]
[2.0229175090789795]
[10.399953842163086]
[0.47828587889671326]
[1.348604440689087]
[11.487861633300781]
[2.422494649887085]
[0.5890699625015259]
[35.23607635498047]
[0.925112247467041]
[0.7346862554550171]
[9.640279769897461]
[0.6348715424537659]
[0.7002236247062683]
[0.11323275417089462]
[0.2555743455886841]
[13.678184509277344]
[8.653061866760254]
[1.5716720819473267]
[0.43782156705856323]
[2.101687431335449]
[7.4713239669799805]
[5.276602745056152]
[4.232147693634033]
[3.829864263534546]
[0.33157116174697876]
[95.91873168945312]
[0.5749267339706421]
[4.620114803314209]
[0.14270681142807007]
[0.009448942728340626]
[0.39124828577041626]
[1.5558606386184692]
[1.1245366334915161]
[0.9231913685798645]
[1.1381521224975586]
[0.36565688252449036]
[0.6134670376777649]
[0.7259469032287598]
[1.3596267700195312]
[0.016401266679167747]
[0.10818290710449219]
[15.519060134887695]
[2.010650634765625]
[0.05344269797205925]
[0.2840788960456848]
[0.08273861557245255]
[0.38226592540740967]
[5.439199924468994]
[23.538623809814453]
[0.043208424001932144]
[0.32007336616516113]
[0.23920293152332306]
[0.37930023670196533]
[3.8750410079956055]
[6.122337818145752]
[2.688197135925293]
[0.33145129680633545]
[1.9378302097320557]
[0.7579330205917358]
[5.086205959320068]
[5.54306173324585]
[0.6072847247123718]
[1.3010729551315308]
[0.592014729976654]
[0.30182838439941406]
[10.697417259216309]
[32.99082946777344]
[0.6734485030174255]
[0.38207998871803284]
[0.97102952003479]
[0.1217401996254921]
[3.2926952838897705]
[0.5702180862426758]
[5.3459038734436035]
[0.1752546727657318]
[85.01384735107422]
[3.7729642391204834]
[0.6108765602111816]
[44.82905578613281]
[1.5884956121444702]
[0.23632191121578217]
[0.3553833067417145]
[0.8426345586776733]
[12.03944206237793]
[0.34721139073371887]
[14.410333633422852]
[0.5568550229072571]
[7.659678936004639]
[2.369396448135376]
[1.044427752494812]
[333.40570068359375]
[0.7510148882865906]
[48.76555252075195]
[1.0402159690856934]
[3.115507125854492]
[0.30164653062820435]
[14.130711555480957]
[0.2754851281642914]
[0.40204793214797974]
[14.552454948425293]
[0.7113485932350159]
[11.72566032409668]
[0.6365857720375061]
[2.38253116607666]
[332.0139465332031]
[99.0816879272461]
[13.521180152893066]
[8.207464218139648]
[16.698158264160156]
[2.4798479080200195]
[0.3999534547328949]
[0.49621498584747314]
[8.993569374084473]
[27.651155471801758]
[2.4579687118530273]
[1.1890509128570557]
[0.6880763173103333]
[0.24713800847530365]
[9.677651405334473]
[5.930576801300049]
[3.265131950378418]
[10.633635520935059]
[0.4566241502761841]
[2.644324541091919]
[18.941625595092773]
[11.117513656616211]
[5.057907581329346]
[6.9247026443481445]
[30.33080291748047]
[247.18360900878906]
[3.7179758548736572]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.6238778233528137]
[0.5980268120765686]
[4.789302825927734]
[0.8039929866790771]
[5.957131862640381]
[1.4146569967269897]
[0.46559441089630127]
[1.0677872896194458]
[0.7027742862701416]
[8.64840316772461]
[24.1624813079834]
[2.070230007171631]
[100.4650650024414]
[2.572016954421997]
[13.37159538269043]
[237.13839721679688]
[2.908271074295044]
[0.3198550343513489]
[3.6330301761627197]
[2.824868679046631]
[11.46125602722168]
[3.078402042388916]
[1.354317307472229]
[1.9833145141601562]
[20.744169235229492]
[12.759526252746582]
[115.26298522949219]
[1.7676142454147339]
[1.5599309206008911]
[56.61509323120117]
[30.21137046813965]
[16.786996841430664]
[0.21499985456466675]
[0.15627893805503845]
[30.400867462158203]
[1.3647761344909668]
[1.3418115377426147]
[6.068012714385986]
[1.4964441061019897]
[11.232195854187012]
[0.2571592628955841]
[0.20748749375343323]
[2.6609408855438232]
[5.097703456878662]
[27.401094436645508]
[1.2650723457336426]
[7.696574687957764]
[1.3976668119430542]
[1.6293948888778687]
[0.5223800539970398]
[0.09966835379600525]
[15.965947151184082]
[0.232516810297966]
[2.0252013206481934]
[1.2997682094573975]
[0.2520301043987274]
[12.414337158203125]
[1.3066319227218628]
[9.3327054977417]
[2.0287532806396484]
[0.6237171292304993]
[2.382601737976074]
[0.18658830225467682]
[0.6000418663024902]
[0.24057580530643463]
[0.5350000858306885]
[6.552920341491699]
[153.86810302734375]
[0.27550646662712097]
[0.09453656524419785]
[6.2004570960998535]
[1.4209486246109009]
[1.0906296968460083]
[1.813681960105896]
[1.2807846069335938]
[202.1436767578125]
[3.237978219985962]
[14.562277793884277]
[1.1058956384658813]
[3.4623067378997803]
[0.3475082814693451]
[0.35263800621032715]
[1.110978364944458]
[0.15900562703609467]
[1.5914888381958008]
[0.46291783452033997]
[4.337411403656006]
[0.3950093984603882]
[4.162807464599609]
[7.372349739074707]
[20.606645584106445]
[0.7911507487297058]
[1.9140417575836182]
[5.828405380249023]
[1.6968050003051758]
[2.0855519771575928]
[2.320537567138672]
[0.3690008521080017]
[3.6054069995880127]
[294.4070129394531]
[0.35373276472091675]
[2.788914203643799]
[1.6846380233764648]
[1.6872460842132568]
[10.79001235961914]
[1.976036548614502]
[0.8408704400062561]
[19.031740188598633]
[1.0513687133789062]
[0.5661150217056274]
[6.255975246429443]
[15.978694915771484]
[7.7911295890808105]
[0.0559258833527565]
[9.213698387145996]
[3.9354665279388428]
[0.7579036951065063]
[17.327693939208984]
[0.6002304553985596]
[2.3457677364349365]
[40.26899337768555]
[259.69171142578125]
[0.22346371412277222]
[17.831565856933594]
[5.592245578765869]
[2.307508707046509]
[5.260625839233398]
[1.9347478151321411]
[0.8948885202407837]
[1.750481367111206]
[157.700927734375]
[12.136778831481934]
[0.16190719604492188]
[30.492111206054688]
[0.8277260661125183]
[0.37584158778190613]
[161.18063354492188]
[1.106529951095581]
[6.306628227233887]
[7.690717697143555]
[2.07692813873291]
[2.255598783493042]
[0.4119529724121094]
[0.22951677441596985]
[0.7985142469406128]
[6.545684814453125]
[30.928754806518555]
[2.852428913116455]
[3.4111359119415283]
[5.472876071929932]
[0.9467228651046753]
[0.821962296962738]
[22.174592971801758]
[0.6526100635528564]
[0.4841670095920563]
[0.4478131830692291]
[0.2362205684185028]
[0.8505748510360718]
[0.6928632855415344]
[8.863056182861328]
[0.7250314354896545]
[0.8102807402610779]
[1.5533641576766968]
[0.3362489640712738]
[4.578851222991943]
[1.2269325256347656]
[0.2738286852836609]
[0.767078697681427]
[16.11610984802246]
[3.1563193798065186]
[0.46548330783843994]
[0.7997864484786987]
[0.9872955083847046]
[2.603944778442383]
[0.44500842690467834]
[0.18472832441329956]
[0.3531823754310608]
[0.38183730840682983]
[11.827003479003906]
[0.5687729120254517]
[4.4992356300354]
[0.17398928105831146]
[0.09562719613313675]
[0.4297323226928711]
[0.5022391676902771]
[4.300631523132324]
[0.21733930706977844]
[0.25055062770843506]
[0.2398662120103836]
[1.2157992124557495]
[0.5622259378433228]
[323.5911865234375]
[0.3754430413246155]
[8.677972793579102]
[1.7953754663467407]
[2.182208299636841]
[1.6108165979385376]
[31.978553771972656]
[8.400940895080566]
[0.5832870602607727]
[0.44370022416114807]
[0.5182267427444458]
[6.662201404571533]
[7.716320037841797]
[1.9536056518554688]
[13.749541282653809]
[0.08088165521621704]
[0.41484004259109497]
[27.35128402709961]
[0.20948602259159088]
[0.8153729438781738]
[0.2799328863620758]
[1.850611686706543]
[0.17608778178691864]
[0.17362861335277557]
[1.2165356874465942]
[0.29935893416404724]
[21.060026168823242]
[0.6142545342445374]
[4.8864030838012695]
[0.03487719967961311]
[95.2807846069336]
[0.23905181884765625]
[5.479213714599609]
[2.408008337020874]
[10.664870262145996]
[4.078914642333984]
[2.0449209213256836]
[1.4242217540740967]
[4.505472183227539]
[2.342172622680664]
[0.27638062834739685]
[0.5181057453155518]
[1.9195947647094727]
[0.45016106963157654]
[184.12319946289062]
[0.3797476887702942]
[80.6517562866211]
[0.8375269174575806]
[0.9319766163825989]
[0.26222923398017883]
[4.926203727722168]
[4.662945747375488]
[191.6492156982422]
[0.6398865580558777]
[0.19861826300621033]
[0.27778100967407227]
[6.11892557144165]
[0.5188775658607483]
[0.3034639358520508]
[5.981432914733887]
[0.3238741159439087]
[0.4539097547531128]
[24.688364028930664]
[4.307310581207275]
[13.921849250793457]
[8.759698867797852]
[2.0511465072631836]
[7.396922588348389]
[1.5527042150497437]
[9.351086616516113]
[1.346967339515686]
[1.0693628787994385]
[0.6417285203933716]
[1.7036678791046143]
[5.357763290405273]
[0.4214107096195221]
[0.6438648104667664]
[7.905529022216797]
[0.29116401076316833]
[2.986220121383667]
[0.273250013589859]
[0.9416239857673645]
[26.412643432617188]
[92.84196472167969]
[37.82608413696289]
[0.9427309632301331]
[0.10268329828977585]
[297.3204040527344]
[5.309017181396484]
[0.804007351398468]
[0.19186298549175262]
[3.9145214557647705]
[40.892032623291016]
[6.039699554443359]
[22.96710968017578]
[0.6302580237388611]
[3.914064645767212]
[9.55334758758545]
[0.014026421122252941]
[5.997007846832275]
[7.119316577911377]
[0.29341232776641846]
[0.7221736907958984]
[5.7855048179626465]
[9.822918891906738]
[0.8240025043487549]
[0.9784575700759888]
[0.4291101098060608]
[0.41657108068466187]
[15.219745635986328]
[1.0614479780197144]
[0.8671633005142212]
[1.8902523517608643]
[22.594467163085938]
[0.9345687627792358]
[0.3758518099784851]
[0.1707867830991745]
[0.7826932668685913]
[0.3222750425338745]
[1.7846591472625732]
[0.10435962677001953]
[0.6497145295143127]
[0.8626394867897034]
[7.024662017822266]
[0.29462483525276184]
[0.5504408478736877]
[0.23521074652671814]
[0.32882335782051086]
[4.389314651489258]
[1.0546876192092896]
[0.013934023678302765]
[0.018648914992809296]
[3.9842965602874756]
[0.8781105875968933]
[3.9856395721435547]
[0.48221060633659363]
[0.1870843470096588]
[3.976314067840576]
[0.4256906509399414]
[0.1842149943113327]
[1.2620353698730469]
[4.665848255157471]
[0.3200327754020691]
[1.9045063257217407]
[5.4396586418151855]
[0.05443548038601875]
[0.8105943202972412]
[0.17719322443008423]
[5.414068698883057]
[0.5709001421928406]
[0.5024446249008179]
[0.4273417294025421]
[2.0703248977661133]
[4.978374481201172]
[0.6334517002105713]
[0.4681902229785919]
[0.9362654089927673]
[0.3546934425830841]
[137.866943359375]
[44.29524230957031]
[1.2660307884216309]
[4.275421619415283]
[0.16118648648262024]
[0.4586300253868103]
[1.2137333154678345]
[0.18376712501049042]
[1.588334560394287]
[0.33839455246925354]
[2.094398260116577]
[35.78457260131836]
[0.3866223394870758]
[2.6485159397125244]
[438.2571105957031]
[0.20117096602916718]
[0.7957330346107483]
[1.477569580078125]
[5.600210189819336]
[0.7305065393447876]
[0.9902175664901733]
[11.45202350616455]
[2.378575086593628]
[6.722571849822998]
[1.3473308086395264]
[1.7666428089141846]
[22.438390731811523]
[10.176095962524414]
[0.25576040148735046]
[23.499042510986328]
[15.20382308959961]
[9.911078453063965]
[0.6464666128158569]
[0.33219513297080994]
[0.4275760352611542]
[11.808466911315918]
[0.27065593004226685]
[0.11521264910697937]
[0.8867040276527405]
[3.3251028060913086]
[2.7013046741485596]
[1.779084324836731]
[0.5767360925674438]
[5.157590866088867]
[0.30454668402671814]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.63639235496521]
[0.6172209978103638]
[0.2823561429977417]
[1.411167025566101]
[0.23502607643604279]
[10.246166229248047]
[0.2625436782836914]
[0.24538278579711914]
[0.6782958507537842]
[2.0174200534820557]
[1.2923001050949097]
[0.5355687141418457]
[20.660924911499023]
[3.0042150020599365]
[0.5860130786895752]
[0.3510487377643585]
[3.3971753120422363]
[0.6471652984619141]
[1.3662081956863403]
[2.9071264266967773]
[0.4159999191761017]
[3.142977237701416]
[1.6981712579727173]
[4.935224533081055]
[3.5190422534942627]
[0.7768675088882446]
[1.6651607751846313]
[0.37456214427948]
[13.600577354431152]
[0.9089983105659485]
[3.5151097774505615]
[1.1336514949798584]
[0.07749929279088974]
[2.160942316055298]
[5.9744977951049805]
[0.2004392296075821]
[5.198092460632324]
[0.24588340520858765]
[0.47112149000167847]
[3.1370770931243896]
[94.82775115966797]
[5.846006870269775]
[7.6218438148498535]
[10.588229179382324]
[0.7531524896621704]
[0.9759243726730347]
[13.418509483337402]
[2.4100940227508545]
[5.233251571655273]
[0.40175142884254456]
[0.2437356561422348]
[12.858172416687012]
[1.9239797592163086]
[0.022500937804579735]
[0.24600008130073547]
[0.28104808926582336]
[0.24193531274795532]
[61.71848678588867]
[6.816561698913574]
[0.276149719953537]
[0.29537880420684814]
[0.10806676000356674]
[10.187272071838379]
[155.77552795410156]
[8.928736686706543]
[1.6267921924591064]
[0.18597254157066345]
[0.3507263660430908]
[0.3642471432685852]
[3.7702836990356445]
[2.514564275741577]
[0.2740268409252167]
[0.34553059935569763]
[0.42384234070777893]
[0.24844416975975037]
[16.20512580871582]
[2.2075743675231934]
[0.8003225922584534]
[11.043408393859863]
[0.21507057547569275]
[12.071220397949219]
[0.4932376742362976]
[0.29728707671165466]
[109.19841766357422]
[2.390836715698242]
[0.35450631380081177]
[0.4053493142127991]
[1.6023249626159668]
[10.674322128295898]
[0.7161555290222168]
[0.7140352725982666]
[0.1410439908504486]
[0.3232400417327881]
[2.2170252799987793]
[0.7968970537185669]
[0.4329342544078827]
[30.518980026245117]
[11.49950885772705]
[4.477368354797363]
[0.8159410357475281]
[0.051009658724069595]
[0.40466243028640747]
[0.7856230735778809]
[6.90615701675415]
[0.20636922121047974]
[0.08335703611373901]
[10.148835182189941]
[0.35573533177375793]
[4.014950752258301]
[0.014729524031281471]
[0.163592129945755]
[3.0091097354888916]
[138.82814025878906]
[0.3314860463142395]
[1.2422279119491577]
[0.2163325548171997]
[4.389753341674805]
[2.893604040145874]
[0.6518982648849487]
[1.3185796737670898]
[12.176030158996582]
[0.21925964951515198]
[5.320741176605225]
[3.7135555744171143]
[1.6751409769058228]
[10.31721305847168]
[0.38617852330207825]
[1.8132743835449219]
[1.3047242164611816]
[37.766998291015625]
[0.8603768348693848]
[4.100188732147217]
[2.9869086742401123]
[0.9616553783416748]
[3.548251152038574]
[0.7587072849273682]
[0.346994549036026]
[2.849829912185669]
[7.427708148956299]
[8.58385944366455]
[6.943023204803467]
[0.8357595205307007]
[11.837259292602539]
[3.57381534576416]
[13.194893836975098]
[0.9289616942405701]
[1.7255343198776245]
[0.7472894191741943]
[0.7034464478492737]
[0.5775302648544312]
[0.20887447893619537]
[0.6622929573059082]
[1.1564887762069702]
[0.2500167787075043]
[3.010678768157959]
[0.27101486921310425]
[5.844717025756836]
[10.418501853942871]
[5.8265061378479]
[6.104391574859619]
[6.18239688873291]
[0.552614152431488]
[1.9085692167282104]
[0.5579822063446045]
[0.4119512140750885]
[0.5064914226531982]
[95.88124084472656]
[0.325984388589859]
[1.1798129081726074]
[2.954470157623291]
[0.18111731112003326]
[1.1205350160598755]
[1.0286376476287842]
[1.809730052947998]
[1.1339144706726074]
[0.5602265000343323]
[0.2729744613170624]
[1.4347565174102783]
[0.28415167331695557]
[1.147506833076477]
[4.2116594314575195]
[1.552830696105957]
[0.5357473492622375]
[3.1146011352539062]
[1.1025481224060059]
[0.2488154023885727]
[16.438173294067383]
[1.8130748271942139]
[0.8178791999816895]
[0.3969115912914276]
[0.40571168065071106]
[3.4554531574249268]
[0.7595283389091492]
[16.17106056213379]
[2.6882987022399902]
[0.41353797912597656]
[3.135080337524414]
[0.34131431579589844]
[0.4157743453979492]
[0.5874006748199463]
[1.321478009223938]
[7.866494655609131]
[0.3778655529022217]
[0.2388109713792801]
[3.9958410263061523]
[0.5863398313522339]
[0.19732116162776947]
[1.2643826007843018]
[0.03764863312244415]
[2.766427516937256]
[0.4984899163246155]
[0.22763781249523163]
[0.48127639293670654]
[0.16168399155139923]
[0.3979767858982086]
[21.284971237182617]
[0.4241373538970947]
[3.464143753051758]
[5.904379367828369]
[10.123445510864258]
[2.9806249141693115]
[0.185686394572258]
[0.06735501438379288]
[0.42117515206336975]
[7.319463729858398]
[5.6551103591918945]
[0.09980382025241852]
[0.7561754584312439]
[0.18411725759506226]
[0.1339195966720581]
[0.09297288954257965]
[94.96835327148438]
[0.39290374517440796]
[0.040289878845214844]
[177.73422241210938]
[1.7272473573684692]
[0.21969157457351685]
[0.4799463152885437]
[0.09007100015878677]
[0.0968274399638176]
[0.18930703401565552]
[0.399460107088089]
[0.284814715385437]
[1.0313317775726318]
[1.636976957321167]
[0.8733341693878174]
[2.562152147293091]
[0.38023263216018677]
[0.49282512068748474]
[6.110445022583008]
[1.001520037651062]
[2.0501632690429688]
[36.2827262878418]
[126.48600769042969]
[78.47661590576172]
[1.9170231819152832]
[0.5940401554107666]
[4.55337381362915]
[0.11226467043161392]
[0.20120054483413696]
[10.536598205566406]
[0.4488261938095093]
[1.0345364809036255]
[7.487452983856201]
[0.9689653515815735]
[1.2687454223632812]
[17.18636703491211]
[1.5514994859695435]
[1.9242963790893555]
[5.558828353881836]
[0.20451471209526062]
[0.7718278765678406]
[0.21259906888008118]
[4.228388786315918]
[0.27920350432395935]
[1.1888771057128906]
[0.6729667782783508]
[0.19840656220912933]
[363.8255920410156]
[0.4945521056652069]
[1.5828109979629517]
[24.96947479248047]
[0.6753129363059998]
[3.7818443775177]
[0.627575159072876]
[0.10066043585538864]
[15.212540626525879]
[3.364630937576294]
[0.4013085961341858]
[2.510040283203125]
[3.8084418773651123]
[1.113052248954773]
[0.9692772626876831]
[0.47951751947402954]
[1.007023572921753]
[2.3365938663482666]
[1.0296441316604614]
[1.0922695398330688]
[2.1757917404174805]
[3.963759183883667]
[1.6162852048873901]
[0.27799856662750244]
[1.0200763940811157]
[0.84935462474823]
[4.0441412925720215]
[0.44609829783439636]
[3.6843552589416504]
[11.695021629333496]
[2.07252836227417]
[1.4568156003952026]
[0.7975685000419617]
[1.1202534437179565]
[4.285818099975586]
[12.377655029296875]
[6.850497245788574]
[0.75409334897995]
[0.8995471000671387]
[4.0686469078063965]
[13.240670204162598]
[1.007934331893921]
[4.475658416748047]
[335.2803039550781]
[0.07665929198265076]
[0.60919189453125]
[0.4018349349498749]
[5.016844272613525]
[1.303591012954712]
[0.3480200171470642]
[9.1525297164917]
[1.4622482061386108]
[33.80849838256836]
[27.127464294433594]
[0.17233140766620636]
[0.7083938717842102]
[1.1968439817428589]
[27.833112716674805]
[16.735923767089844]
[1.025461196899414]
[3.6941030025482178]
[57.46866226196289]
[8.1050443649292]
[2.5169386863708496]
[3.260284185409546]
[0.3206360936164856]
[0.21264341473579407]
[0.3986155688762665]
[0.40632134675979614]
[0.3489965498447418]
[10.535711288452148]
[0.39160099625587463]
[0.2771499752998352]
[1.9060760736465454]
[0.26316335797309875]
[0.24631400406360626]
[0.43606147170066833]
[0.7249810099601746]
[0.8640833497047424]
[0.5344290733337402]
[0.7824565172195435]
[0.2148062139749527]
[6.211789608001709]
[1.0778354406356812]
[20.85199546813965]
[5.119282245635986]
[8.671771049499512]
[0.6029456853866577]
[137.4430694580078]
[0.30249571800231934]
[0.4364739954471588]
[0.3857583701610565]
[1.725588083267212]
[0.4678970277309418]
[5.9064178466796875]
[0.2224811166524887]
[0.2682746648788452]
[0.10844592750072479]
[0.1316787749528885]
[0.6229732036590576]
[0.9561843872070312]
[0.9842231273651123]
[0.23753395676612854]
[6.59671688079834]
[0.015384849160909653]
[0.13919077813625336]
[0.12432687729597092]
[6.471429824829102]
[18.323829650878906]
[0.15952453017234802]
[0.23630081117153168]
[0.35901203751564026]
[0.1468743085861206]
[71.8082504272461]
[2.1927685737609863]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.1267714500427246]
[21.004682540893555]
[0.40845757722854614]
[0.5379476547241211]
[26.044260025024414]
[1.5648120641708374]
[2.5759148597717285]
[0.040272679179906845]
[0.874448835849762]
[212.3902587890625]
[0.055575352162122726]
[0.1450301706790924]
[2.198899507522583]
[0.181057408452034]
[0.3432360589504242]
[1.1708729267120361]
[0.663478672504425]
[0.2819157838821411]
[0.2954621911048889]
[0.8332309722900391]
[2.4222731590270996]
[1.3516639471054077]
[20.287839889526367]
[0.3940168619155884]
[0.0832730308175087]
[87.1019515991211]
[55.17393493652344]
[0.5996174812316895]
[3.140781879425049]
[0.6220380067825317]
[1.4649224281311035]
[80.53450012207031]
[0.7477675676345825]
[1.0028587579727173]
[0.15125048160552979]
[0.3874703347682953]
[0.26507022976875305]
[48.52785110473633]
[7.1490325927734375]
[3.093453884124756]
[3.492870569229126]
[0.5592836737632751]
[6.057438373565674]
[4.58741569519043]
[0.3004249334335327]
[0.03608939051628113]
[4.904162883758545]
[0.639361560344696]
[13.940552711486816]
[1.0194817781448364]
[5.926005840301514]
[1.6718933582305908]
[0.008421683683991432]
[0.6061612963676453]
[22.403766632080078]
[2.898101568222046]
[1.2949135303497314]
[23.34412384033203]
[0.4445546865463257]
[4.096013069152832]
[0.4139014780521393]
[39.99932098388672]
[0.9583026170730591]
[0.40510594844818115]
[3.7798802852630615]
[9.621199607849121]
[1.791133165359497]
[5.2400221824646]
[5.013355255126953]
[1.9579682350158691]
[0.6819918751716614]
[0.2559666037559509]
[15.177807807922363]
[0.05818454176187515]
[4.5044264793396]
[1.1164822578430176]
[0.20539195835590363]
[2.6765778064727783]
[28.278549194335938]
[1.7238966226577759]
[23.068307876586914]
[1.082040548324585]
[0.10695630311965942]
[0.9981076121330261]
[0.5872192978858948]
[22.03784942626953]
[0.33242297172546387]
[596.9029541015625]
[1.0729542970657349]
[3.4758856296539307]
[46.130558013916016]
[2.7648513317108154]
[0.2327781468629837]
[0.21921411156654358]
[2.754392147064209]
[0.21903185546398163]
[103.72820281982422]
[16.434982299804688]
[2.5613465309143066]
[2.9860854148864746]
[0.6120644211769104]
[4.025269031524658]
[159.9351043701172]
[3.040606737136841]
[0.69307541847229]
[0.9131688475608826]
[1.1819440126419067]
[2.940675735473633]
[0.7058852314949036]
[0.740772545337677]
[0.27870455384254456]
[2.3396401405334473]
[0.7272840142250061]
[3.9077329635620117]
[0.2841537892818451]
[0.26157811284065247]
[0.3449711203575134]
[0.14508268237113953]
[0.3542860746383667]
[0.12390420585870743]
[0.21165324747562408]
[0.4860883355140686]
[0.16489289700984955]
[0.6575585007667542]
[0.9067448377609253]
[0.5272173881530762]
[1.4536819458007812]
[0.05614171177148819]
[0.14978913962841034]
[431.8962097167969]
[1.6478164196014404]
[2.8370561599731445]
[0.5774204134941101]
[0.3164101541042328]
[1.3041435480117798]
[1.0355027914047241]
[0.6056048274040222]
[0.32001903653144836]
[165.95974731445312]
[7.189620494842529]
[1.352990746498108]
[168.6200714111328]
[0.36365315318107605]
[1.2771885395050049]
[2.0329887866973877]
[0.5897526144981384]
[0.04109106957912445]
[2.9221975803375244]
[5.832340240478516]
[0.5514978170394897]
[0.8655518293380737]
[0.783840537071228]
[8.289758682250977]
[38.82551574707031]
[3.1201093196868896]
[0.26078465580940247]
[29.845535278320312]
[0.3855527639389038]
[0.5881544351577759]
[0.536375105381012]
[0.2195024937391281]
[5.285409927368164]
[0.22106914222240448]
[1.770443081855774]
[3.9952809810638428]
[3.6267614364624023]
[0.523250937461853]
[0.5728150010108948]
[6.2545647621154785]
[1.3686304092407227]
[0.48526278138160706]
[1.0724635124206543]
[0.6522367000579834]
[17.77075958251953]
[1.6309945583343506]
[0.4098338186740875]
[5.113519191741943]
[1.86470365524292]
[57.331260681152344]
[4.619176864624023]
[89.02070617675781]
[0.4088759124279022]
[68.34126281738281]
[3.2221460342407227]
[0.1643446683883667]
[52.83869552612305]
[0.9974921345710754]
[1.6595169305801392]
[0.10323049873113632]
[3.6926872730255127]
[0.9230430722236633]
[0.4754919409751892]
[1.2248892784118652]
[0.33017781376838684]
[0.4770582914352417]
[3.622751235961914]
[0.21674837172031403]
[11.920598030090332]
[0.18706689774990082]
[1.6935845613479614]
[19.299694061279297]
[1.2662044763565063]
[1.599863886833191]
[0.3639286160469055]
[1.0375844240188599]
[0.5254580974578857]
[0.5522592663764954]
[8.305874824523926]
[16.345380783081055]
[0.4870389997959137]
[11.901721000671387]
[0.045325055718421936]
[2.5383410453796387]
[6.37507438659668]
[0.5087569952011108]
[0.7299510836601257]
[0.16005708277225494]
[4.006648063659668]
[0.45424893498420715]
[0.7235154509544373]
[0.5557355880737305]
[2.8620553016662598]
[0.8527804017066956]
[1.3622468709945679]
[0.5933675169944763]
[5.017549514770508]
[0.6529121398925781]
[1.4667754173278809]
[0.1364438682794571]
[0.4503045678138733]
[0.5989879369735718]
[0.5022014379501343]
[2.1635730266571045]
[70.52672576904297]
[0.3465157449245453]
[0.37417319416999817]
[0.37036314606666565]
[0.013476699590682983]
[0.5655038952827454]
[27.916000366210938]
[0.27004778385162354]
[0.16432011127471924]
[0.2587476074695587]
[1.0867273807525635]
[6.278873920440674]
[13.717001914978027]
[0.721392810344696]
[0.8429062366485596]
[0.659567654132843]
[119.55028533935547]
[0.548761248588562]
[0.5086864829063416]
[1.2488919496536255]
[0.3361779749393463]
[0.47430655360221863]
[1.813941240310669]
[0.1814213991165161]
[26.153881072998047]
[0.4218797981739044]
[73.5743179321289]
[10.366573333740234]
[0.41428589820861816]
[1.7833731174468994]
[10.317643165588379]
[0.3408994972705841]
[1.9871174097061157]
[0.5165702700614929]
[44.09585952758789]
[0.10663778334856033]
[1.5149883031845093]
[0.15186792612075806]
[9.279011726379395]
[203.55874633789062]
[0.21722564101219177]
[0.254351407289505]
[1.0628033876419067]
[7.819239616394043]
[0.7530620098114014]
[42.110191345214844]
[0.815148115158081]
[0.7568213939666748]
[0.39024436473846436]
[0.6227765083312988]
[1.1354734897613525]
[18.954797744750977]
[46.952186584472656]
[0.6967365741729736]
[1.6628599166870117]
[0.5465338230133057]
[5.490762710571289]
[1.045352578163147]
[1.1805592775344849]
[0.6661731004714966]
[11.099836349487305]
[0.277989000082016]
[25.6428165435791]
[1.3426131010055542]
[3.1958367824554443]
[0.3099949359893799]
[0.30288946628570557]
[0.3986724019050598]
[0.7486836910247803]
[17.00387191772461]
[11.212994575500488]
[1.0546422004699707]
[23.152572631835938]
[1.264462947845459]
[0.13667358458042145]
[5.253256320953369]
[6.577258110046387]
[55.45942306518555]
[1.9913668632507324]
[2.577293634414673]
[0.029863229021430016]
[1.4321538209915161]
[3.690211772918701]
[0.4859064519405365]
[1.574337124824524]
[0.3615340292453766]
[3.9836974143981934]
[0.4853251278400421]
[0.6509230136871338]
[9.088626861572266]
[18.42241859436035]
[0.4304635524749756]
[1.0722284317016602]
[87.85710906982422]
[0.8360095024108887]
[3.248445987701416]
[0.3151710033416748]
[1.1305224895477295]
[4.138207912445068]
[0.384145051240921]
[0.6732270121574402]
[7.114532947540283]
[0.8664003014564514]
[0.3030563294887543]
[0.3491949737071991]
[0.38849344849586487]
[0.4700002670288086]
[0.6209130883216858]
[24.767118453979492]
[83.63699340820312]
[6.0195112228393555]
[1.425767183303833]
[0.6095832586288452]
[0.8963364958763123]
[0.4839326739311218]
[1.4472798109054565]
[0.21947188675403595]
[0.2464868426322937]
[5.6697492599487305]
[0.02508174255490303]
[1.2534326314926147]
[0.6526618003845215]
[0.23416973650455475]
[1.2115423679351807]
[0.19175319373607635]
[16.314966201782227]
[0.5718061923980713]
[3.5281527042388916]
[2.588067054748535]
[13.106354713439941]
[1.5697520971298218]
[0.12736664712429047]
[1.292839765548706]
[7.085946559906006]
[0.14166374504566193]
[5.450182914733887]
[15.748407363891602]
[5.8068461418151855]
[0.31051260232925415]
[12.40524673461914]
[0.8961822390556335]
[0.992879331111908]
[1.169893741607666]
[0.04459823668003082]
[414.3667297363281]
[0.5440438985824585]
[2.873239040374756]
[5.792620658874512]
[0.2777591645717621]
[0.38897764682769775]
[0.3235905170440674]
[0.769163966178894]
[2.941882848739624]
[0.7716296911239624]
[3.011626958847046]
[2.975468397140503]
[3.4856841564178467]
[1.6594843864440918]
[1.3648841381072998]
[0.6075128316879272]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.4133578836917877]
[3.0337374210357666]
[0.878676176071167]
[96.2697525024414]
[0.6672332882881165]
[0.4265603721141815]
[1.0599759817123413]
[0.8226285576820374]
[6.250528335571289]
[72.77198028564453]
[2.200148105621338]
[2.206584930419922]
[0.34117698669433594]
[0.45423972606658936]
[0.5038193464279175]
[2.5549285411834717]
[4.788197040557861]
[0.6167628169059753]
[88.03608703613281]
[0.2954992949962616]
[0.5034254193305969]
[10.652571678161621]
[7.4409637451171875]
[0.012554497458040714]
[6.2138824462890625]
[0.49301573634147644]
[0.12823601067066193]
[0.3220581114292145]
[12.514639854431152]
[13.80739974975586]
[0.4093490540981293]
[0.21946300566196442]
[0.46402305364608765]
[0.4045117497444153]
[0.2005710005760193]
[0.8274195790290833]
[8.79988956451416]
[1.4099024534225464]
[1.4624098539352417]
[0.14476750791072845]
[0.5417619347572327]
[11.189506530761719]
[152.87945556640625]
[74.96886444091797]
[0.029395990073680878]
[0.5794825553894043]
[0.35419681668281555]
[0.17712217569351196]
[1.2452160120010376]
[9.885040283203125]
[2.3606202602386475]
[3.219663619995117]
[1.054281234741211]
[0.1487809717655182]
[0.5604567527770996]
[0.6921319365501404]
[0.8907687664031982]
[4.216082572937012]
[0.14994439482688904]
[0.26421019434928894]
[0.5770587921142578]
[0.2978931963443756]
[30.296222686767578]
[0.3359627425670624]
[3.680067777633667]
[0.5836095809936523]
[0.11064755171537399]
[0.31503134965896606]
[0.261885404586792]
[0.1151166558265686]
[0.6957893967628479]
[0.8105000853538513]
[1.096177339553833]
[0.35414817929267883]
[7.7033185958862305]
[0.6098430752754211]
[0.7360101342201233]
[0.12414295971393585]
[0.35025864839553833]
[0.3468780815601349]
[23.027685165405273]
[14.648280143737793]
[0.31952330470085144]
[0.527763843536377]
[12.1858549118042]
[0.09294465184211731]
[0.1824457198381424]
[1.4732789993286133]
[0.36381226778030396]
[5.507013320922852]
[0.20472361147403717]
[0.2715511620044708]
[0.16795596480369568]
[8.296733856201172]
[0.10665810853242874]
[0.4324403405189514]
[0.3728468418121338]
[5.823662757873535]
[16.455778121948242]
[0.7562642097473145]
[79.4007797241211]
[0.539963960647583]
[0.1678139865398407]
[0.11331289261579514]
[0.22593918442726135]
[102.55792236328125]
[4.142407417297363]
[0.18616151809692383]
[0.2176389843225479]
[0.2163429707288742]
[13.621102333068848]
[0.7979400157928467]
[37.26543045043945]
[0.2965559661388397]
[1.2682706117630005]
[4.674365043640137]
[0.24916450679302216]
[0.36389783024787903]
[0.17428818345069885]
[26.143442153930664]
[0.28253957629203796]
[16.226818084716797]
[2.1176609992980957]
[0.4498111605644226]
[0.4739913046360016]
[9.725098609924316]
[0.4447152018547058]
[0.6402234435081482]
[0.21190103888511658]
[0.06156869977712631]
[0.33961769938468933]
[0.24460920691490173]
[0.2405846267938614]
[0.3456142842769623]
[0.1873333752155304]
[0.5832591652870178]
[1.0044516324996948]
[0.3528363108634949]
[0.06268195062875748]
[0.19259801506996155]
[0.18885865807533264]
[3.4205117225646973]
[0.4270581901073456]
[6.419008255004883]
[11.274425506591797]
[0.48422136902809143]
[1.3719388246536255]
[13.001392364501953]
[9.174921989440918]
[4.589128017425537]
[0.16042402386665344]
[1.4599769115447998]
[2.2942323684692383]
[0.2717122733592987]
[0.4753464460372925]
[0.9848995208740234]
[0.15258264541625977]
[6.737945079803467]
[0.44375333189964294]
[0.024093136191368103]
[5.023899555206299]
[0.1299687623977661]
[21.413612365722656]
[3.9338958263397217]
[0.12984222173690796]
[0.5777592062950134]
[0.43729957938194275]
[0.2717662751674652]
[0.8387472629547119]
[0.5574193596839905]
[2.078572988510132]
[0.5380140542984009]
[0.23417110741138458]
[0.1463930457830429]
[0.8474053144454956]
[0.30865249037742615]
[0.40999576449394226]
[1.7979025840759277]
[0.6122730374336243]
[15.517483711242676]
[5.549319267272949]
[0.6209785342216492]
[0.26033470034599304]
[3.771657705307007]
[0.9626167416572571]
[0.3333076238632202]
[0.4752092659473419]
[0.1686580777168274]
[5.304874420166016]
[38.12699508666992]
[0.67943274974823]
[51.20786666870117]
[0.251063734292984]
[1.476904273033142]
[0.35368186235427856]
[0.35766541957855225]
[0.5136417150497437]
[0.3579246401786804]
[0.3937593698501587]
[0.3942790627479553]
[2.712097406387329]
[4.324780464172363]
[0.28796863555908203]
[1.2202560901641846]
[0.15424992144107819]
[1.8684293031692505]
[4.404792308807373]
[0.25928595662117004]
[5.412096977233887]
[11.307141304016113]
[1.6871304512023926]
[1.0150395631790161]
[0.21198415756225586]
[0.22443021833896637]
[0.1558753401041031]
[1.8832930326461792]
[267.27044677734375]
[0.17239828407764435]
[2.598947048187256]
[3.032447099685669]
[0.14970004558563232]
[2.9146292209625244]
[0.24477596580982208]
[0.16569456458091736]
[2.393171548843384]
[0.23471252620220184]
[11.431244850158691]
[1.2828376293182373]
[2.898869037628174]
[0.28235533833503723]
[0.12984788417816162]
[0.22111226618289948]
[11.416848182678223]
[1.7275114059448242]
[2.562371253967285]
[0.37783950567245483]
[0.5845786333084106]
[0.7315136194229126]
[0.9558093547821045]
[9.157278060913086]
[0.24246715009212494]
[0.1434815526008606]
[14.066856384277344]
[0.9059484601020813]
[0.5496262311935425]
[0.14450424909591675]
[0.11677581816911697]
[0.2392287254333496]
[0.2300880402326584]
[0.8303345441818237]
[1.6030616760253906]
[9.321381568908691]
[0.16403202712535858]
[3.048191547393799]
[0.46580803394317627]
[37.95095443725586]
[0.11917612701654434]
[0.341165691614151]
[0.22697889804840088]
[0.3972918391227722]
[6.6464314460754395]
[1.392246127128601]
[0.22795863449573517]
[20.131671905517578]
[1.251793384552002]
[5.393621444702148]
[3.656198740005493]
[0.919731855392456]
[0.5825596451759338]
[0.19241660833358765]
[0.2319846898317337]
[1.2319443225860596]
[1.3946222066879272]
[0.32100045680999756]
[5.017324924468994]
[0.13968919217586517]
[0.467021107673645]
[50.037601470947266]
[0.166037917137146]
[0.4054553508758545]
[1.7976001501083374]
[0.17003680765628815]
[0.24440954625606537]
[6.095973491668701]
[0.3910768926143646]
[0.651082456111908]
[0.39207443594932556]
[0.5256648063659668]
[0.2343490570783615]
[0.38028767704963684]
[3.012280225753784]
[0.4583972990512848]
[0.17343097925186157]
[0.3684904873371124]
[5.2638654708862305]
[0.2989337146282196]
[5.695732593536377]
[0.3349941372871399]
[4.799801349639893]
[1.3124890327453613]
[21.956287384033203]
[1.6762336492538452]
[0.03529113903641701]
[2.1111884117126465]
[0.05026528239250183]
[1.7216839790344238]
[0.17930594086647034]
[47.067108154296875]
[178.6151580810547]
[0.1554955542087555]
[0.4884735345840454]
[1.1224299669265747]
[1.4478271007537842]
[0.5750842094421387]
[0.4421912431716919]
[1.869408369064331]
[1.185846209526062]
[1.2618168592453003]
[27.713964462280273]
[2.4936375617980957]
[9.61294174194336]
[0.46003440022468567]
[0.38434967398643494]
[3.373500108718872]
[1.5476511716842651]
[0.6315327882766724]
[0.49363383650779724]
[4.378472328186035]
[11.58527946472168]
[0.20052757859230042]
[5.420973300933838]
[4.065299987792969]
[0.3493765592575073]
[0.3150838017463684]
[5.749337673187256]
[1.10994291305542]
[8.749616622924805]
[0.5928291082382202]
[52.532657623291016]
[0.879838228225708]
[0.3641749918460846]
[3.0211119651794434]
[0.5211633443832397]
[1.712311863899231]
[3.0088813304901123]
[1.1867763996124268]
[6.765432834625244]
[0.9557618498802185]
[0.059168148785829544]
[0.7924005389213562]
[0.24247680604457855]
[16.285404205322266]
[2.7263400554656982]
[5.701150417327881]
[12.835213661193848]
[42.62908172607422]
[0.21585601568222046]
[0.1648726612329483]
[0.6121487617492676]
[4.891176223754883]
[0.501147449016571]
[1.6169447898864746]
[0.144113689661026]
[8.682644844055176]
[19.652185440063477]
[3.9371895790100098]
[0.10613148659467697]
[1.7517504692077637]
[0.35330095887184143]
[0.20084422826766968]
[0.15582837164402008]
[0.34829604625701904]
[1.5952637195587158]
[4.260507106781006]
[0.6393177509307861]
[0.6669658422470093]
[0.516389012336731]
[1.5708918571472168]
[77.47488403320312]
[1.6707468032836914]
[1.698922872543335]
[8.172502517700195]
[0.8951163291931152]
[1.26776921749115]
[0.5053856372833252]
[0.164802685379982]
[2.7469165325164795]
[5.420954704284668]
[0.20633798837661743]
[2.787597417831421]
[0.1300264298915863]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.49924716353416443]
[1.5037821531295776]
[5.215671539306641]
[0.2560182809829712]
[9.339344024658203]
[0.9848883152008057]
[0.09776224195957184]
[0.582994282245636]
[1.371226191520691]
[0.07013629376888275]
[2.6274194717407227]
[0.23394988477230072]
[0.2737661302089691]
[3.3813610076904297]
[0.3565133810043335]
[3.733583450317383]
[0.7200579643249512]
[0.5016065835952759]
[0.9127649068832397]
[0.12798871099948883]
[9.999053001403809]
[0.44365429878234863]
[4.993237495422363]
[1.2643368244171143]
[1.7259846925735474]
[10.314431190490723]
[0.19150438904762268]
[22.539846420288086]
[0.8996533155441284]
[17.387083053588867]
[1.0909855365753174]
[1.0890231132507324]
[3.3658032417297363]
[0.583993136882782]
[12.711522102355957]
[0.08351251482963562]
[19.975723266601562]
[0.1923101246356964]
[10.656196594238281]
[24.088184356689453]
[1.5716369152069092]
[0.8100806474685669]
[1.8976155519485474]
[0.5589138269424438]
[5.990703582763672]
[0.47614970803260803]
[1.0424808263778687]
[3.8231894969940186]
[0.37708160281181335]
[1.181809663772583]
[1.6392027139663696]
[2.259493350982666]
[0.43848171830177307]
[0.7789472937583923]
[0.7699151635169983]
[0.36954647302627563]
[0.00680830841884017]
[0.10463833808898926]
[3.1596550941467285]
[1.1322494745254517]
[0.1250409483909607]
[0.05230925604701042]
[1.9003695249557495]
[3.1799557209014893]
[4.8901848793029785]
[2.3737196922302246]
[1.4559201002120972]
[0.4596822261810303]
[12.079034805297852]
[11.429390907287598]
[0.2408028393983841]
[0.9678900837898254]
[0.9559872150421143]
[0.51357102394104]
[1.0025475025177002]
[0.19881737232208252]
[1.327335238456726]
[8.04198932647705]
[1.804445505142212]
[8.660160064697266]
[0.567344605922699]
[0.07686647027730942]
[5.277721405029297]
[307.8067932128906]
[0.31821513175964355]
[0.3269060552120209]
[1.3850101232528687]
[2.889658212661743]
[0.21833090484142303]
[5.630204677581787]
[79.53250122070312]
[1.9712790250778198]
[2.271960735321045]
[0.7282613515853882]
[4.286252975463867]
[0.08616539090871811]
[1.479500412940979]
[2.30757999420166]
[14.54404067993164]
[1.1423027515411377]
[4.295541286468506]
[0.15215864777565002]
[0.8699261546134949]
[0.207000732421875]
[0.1631310135126114]
[4.2683491706848145]
[2.9316980838775635]
[24.237159729003906]
[2.9357950687408447]
[2.7167294025421143]
[1.3147647380828857]
[1.0741698741912842]
[2.4532549381256104]
[3.3661413192749023]
[1.9035600423812866]
[0.7634873390197754]
[0.22967135906219482]
[1.6095366477966309]
[0.8421347737312317]
[0.8766741752624512]
[9.800352096557617]
[3.9357638359069824]
[15.486968994140625]
[0.38789084553718567]
[1.9335287809371948]
[1.3805063962936401]
[11.171123504638672]
[4.831902503967285]
[1.6268048286437988]
[1.0476301908493042]
[0.3759858012199402]
[0.33815374970436096]
[1.2564033269882202]
[1.6027554273605347]
[0.2205345332622528]
[2.29361629486084]
[0.540968656539917]
[0.39426732063293457]
[2.0648608207702637]
[6.633301258087158]
[0.06077287718653679]
[1.0227676630020142]
[0.715165913105011]
[8.757757186889648]
[6.185900688171387]
[3.9934823513031006]
[1.8919776678085327]
[1.6894774436950684]
[0.7801651954650879]
[0.7748466730117798]
[49.91310119628906]
[1.596152663230896]
[1.5249689817428589]
[1.6187036037445068]
[1.9869930744171143]
[0.4186261296272278]
[0.4820238947868347]
[1.1054531335830688]
[0.7748453617095947]
[0.42818042635917664]
[0.30825838446617126]
[0.3927091658115387]
[1.0256984233856201]
[0.4625244140625]
[0.4431786835193634]
[0.20561319589614868]
[1.0108733177185059]
[85.78912353515625]
[0.29383695125579834]
[0.4093765318393707]
[0.6269052624702454]
[0.19193661212921143]
[1.5203001499176025]
[0.0506630465388298]
[1.2830549478530884]
[4.3900346755981445]
[1.5166164636611938]
[0.9597784280776978]
[0.47889941930770874]
[0.0941019356250763]
[0.040897320955991745]
[11.932284355163574]
[1.3092912435531616]
[0.04517139494419098]
[16.109050750732422]
[1.2978699207305908]
[8.524615287780762]
[3.5996146202087402]
[0.07755398005247116]
[53.55244445800781]
[0.18769824504852295]
[1.2708789110183716]
[2.2165133953094482]
[1.4348629713058472]
[0.6502421498298645]
[0.5932866334915161]
[0.8334840536117554]
[24.796037673950195]
[1.2601698637008667]
[10.242668151855469]
[0.17130710184574127]
[2.2064476013183594]
[2.6027708053588867]
[1.8367090225219727]
[0.009484418667852879]
[1.3719943761825562]
[0.2620489299297333]
[1.5577470064163208]
[1.8838284015655518]
[1.3592835664749146]
[0.8675584197044373]
[0.16634643077850342]
[0.7847205996513367]
[0.771077573299408]
[0.9391528367996216]
[0.5369265675544739]
[0.25799310207366943]
[0.05709252506494522]
[0.25271666049957275]
[1.1889222860336304]
[0.657418429851532]
[0.15285630524158478]
[0.5746130347251892]
[0.8795932531356812]
[0.27049586176872253]
[0.6953619122505188]
[2.3274474143981934]
[1.3607385158538818]
[5.344407558441162]
[0.4854280352592468]
[3.5030910968780518]
[0.21748311817646027]
[3.1910860538482666]
[0.3918563723564148]
[0.5015226602554321]
[0.004362884908914566]
[1.1310560703277588]
[3.250819683074951]
[0.4809224009513855]
[1.153916835784912]
[2.233961582183838]
[1.1802709102630615]
[363.286865234375]
[0.2807803452014923]
[0.9393755197525024]
[10.639145851135254]
[0.47712889313697815]
[1.7673394680023193]
[28.366455078125]
[0.5767941474914551]
[13.391313552856445]
[0.5550293326377869]
[1.0903528928756714]
[0.5539612174034119]
[0.20067743957042694]
[0.32943782210350037]
[1.0720995664596558]
[0.7171432375907898]
[3.5144553184509277]
[2.330260753631592]
[1.9351528882980347]
[2.149081230163574]
[4.421769618988037]
[0.5174030065536499]
[0.5950799584388733]
[1.7567144632339478]
[16.521512985229492]
[0.60051429271698]
[0.8328092098236084]
[0.008590810932219028]
[6.497726917266846]
[0.463468998670578]
[7.959287166595459]
[3.483786106109619]
[11.974087715148926]
[0.34649184346199036]
[0.7685356736183167]
[0.40509963035583496]
[6.8470778465271]
[0.5257121324539185]
[10.183090209960938]
[1.6504625082015991]
[0.31368163228034973]
[1.77830171585083]
[0.22384202480316162]
[11.134099960327148]
[0.1394944190979004]
[5.7575364112854]
[40.36836624145508]
[1.3322142362594604]
[1.0342994928359985]
[147.91012573242188]
[3.057310104370117]
[11.291796684265137]
[0.690280556678772]
[0.24510996043682098]
[0.5949044227600098]
[0.75926673412323]
[78.03241729736328]
[2.2826833724975586]
[1.4013453722000122]
[14.59887409210205]
[0.26988357305526733]
[0.1572076678276062]
[1.7620925903320312]
[0.10447320342063904]
[1.0665936470031738]
[0.4953399896621704]
[7.0872063636779785]
[0.23632383346557617]
[1.3428364992141724]
[1.0574709177017212]
[0.7127496600151062]
[28.9088191986084]
[4.348255157470703]
[0.49373185634613037]
[0.09599732607603073]
[0.04937681183218956]
[0.6324410438537598]
[0.42083537578582764]
[0.00887872464954853]
[11.571532249450684]
[0.43882790207862854]
[0.31227338314056396]
[0.4651649594306946]
[0.07043471187353134]
[6.67629861831665]
[39.4476432800293]
[4.817181587219238]
[0.3524337708950043]
[4.805239677429199]
[0.0925956666469574]
[359.84722900390625]
[67.53361511230469]
[2.8131930828094482]
[0.7301825881004333]
[1.2261228561401367]
[1.7422446012496948]
[1.9873979091644287]
[5.334017276763916]
[0.5765522122383118]
[1.9944777488708496]
[0.26102232933044434]
[15.176015853881836]
[2.6442501544952393]
[2.4072132110595703]
[0.541664719581604]
[224.63015747070312]
[1.1719170808792114]
[0.6628981828689575]
[5.7649641036987305]
[3.889122724533081]
[0.01551931630820036]
[0.6169775128364563]
[1.6298201084136963]
[1.177171230316162]
[3.2830164432525635]
[0.9616269469261169]
[0.8422378301620483]
[0.5655736923217773]
[22.917217254638672]
[10.990025520324707]
[0.4597228169441223]
[0.39358755946159363]
[0.6335373520851135]
[2.295713424682617]
[1.2810286283493042]
[0.692539393901825]
[1.3813477754592896]
[1.414702296257019]
[0.5978201031684875]
[0.19508811831474304]
[1.3617914915084839]
[0.627167284488678]
[0.4378341734409332]
[1.247281789779663]
[0.27363908290863037]
[1.7670632600784302]
[5.073174476623535]
[0.3750309646129608]
[2.350914239883423]
[57.37693405151367]
[0.30487480759620667]
[1.888006329536438]
[0.07441741228103638]
[0.6478510499000549]
[25.398971557617188]
[0.4764058291912079]
[0.7695066928863525]
[55.25001525878906]
[1.9294781684875488]
[2.3053698539733887]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.8890748023986816]
[5.078484535217285]
[1.4951179027557373]
[0.8640820980072021]
[0.9973943829536438]
[0.3554646968841553]
[1.3170474767684937]
[0.6192094683647156]
[17.705957412719727]
[5.423725605010986]
[0.8199830055236816]
[6.859608173370361]
[3.8969650268554688]
[5.981813907623291]
[2.2229950428009033]
[1.497676968574524]
[0.4059980809688568]
[0.42822110652923584]
[0.32680371403694153]
[0.6532306671142578]
[1.5400880575180054]
[0.2919642925262451]
[2.7492263317108154]
[1.0172550678253174]
[0.8956489562988281]
[1.7417248487472534]
[1.227007269859314]
[0.16864559054374695]
[1.7123422622680664]
[12.42218017578125]
[2.623096227645874]
[0.6166872978210449]
[4.573769569396973]
[1.0471705198287964]
[1.1534653902053833]
[3.768829584121704]
[1.0795433521270752]
[1.8690648078918457]
[0.4849458336830139]
[0.6725093722343445]
[7.283740997314453]
[9.593284606933594]
[0.36104026436805725]
[1.355259895324707]
[22.509540557861328]
[0.9455511569976807]
[0.44069620966911316]
[3.866518497467041]
[0.7418700456619263]
[0.3123268485069275]
[31.773210525512695]
[3.7803213596343994]
[0.40426358580589294]
[0.1583292931318283]
[0.37587612867355347]
[1.9060035943984985]
[0.7527412176132202]
[1.8627533912658691]
[0.9966596364974976]
[2.1911978721618652]
[1.7409372329711914]
[5.543360710144043]
[0.6993237137794495]
[0.6521731615066528]
[1.2196290493011475]
[4.204187393188477]
[3.911855697631836]
[3.5399973392486572]
[1.067335844039917]
[2.937638521194458]
[1.518202543258667]
[0.3860816955566406]
[0.12132075428962708]
[1.1493260860443115]
[4.909502983093262]
[22.12163734436035]
[0.09521607309579849]
[1.6389328241348267]
[0.24983547627925873]
[2.880434036254883]
[0.2256556898355484]
[0.8622291088104248]
[18.689653396606445]
[0.34169328212738037]
[0.5720767974853516]
[1.0169886350631714]
[0.723976194858551]
[1.6668494939804077]
[8.895222663879395]
[0.7772634029388428]
[5.714455604553223]
[2.265552282333374]
[47.65916442871094]
[1.3123475313186646]
[1.0237048864364624]
[6.516186714172363]
[1.6587597131729126]
[0.8985517621040344]
[2.572415828704834]
[1.506791353225708]
[0.2853301465511322]
[1.5957133769989014]
[0.3294789493083954]
[1.7667912244796753]
[1.9358230829238892]
[1.0897868871688843]
[0.2907279133796692]
[0.12965862452983856]
[0.05599580705165863]
[1.086727499961853]
[0.39186155796051025]
[0.10507103055715561]
[1.1667057275772095]
[8.248520851135254]
[76.97735595703125]
[0.2048179656267166]
[0.5331352353096008]
[0.12326469272375107]
[0.09654486924409866]
[68.32633209228516]
[0.7795467972755432]
[11.295042991638184]
[2.1046149730682373]
[1.0182561874389648]
[1.8381534814834595]
[68.6230697631836]
[0.1466258466243744]
[2.167512893676758]
[0.2746184468269348]
[0.5078786015510559]
[1.184950828552246]
[0.23545503616333008]
[1.3756308555603027]
[0.19877973198890686]
[0.3450445830821991]
[4.033729076385498]
[3.174692153930664]
[4.979989051818848]
[0.1026330217719078]
[3.3930771350860596]
[1.5743125677108765]
[0.9624450206756592]
[0.5480554699897766]
[1.1486300230026245]
[4.335692882537842]
[0.28616654872894287]
[0.09830835461616516]
[2.3598742485046387]
[2.8744611740112305]
[4.948246002197266]
[0.12157119065523148]
[125.88272094726562]
[1.148055911064148]
[3.9427649974823]
[0.5703033208847046]
[0.2779686450958252]
[0.14707718789577484]
[6.6813063621521]
[2.147761583328247]
[25.225927352905273]
[0.25460562109947205]
[0.9269141554832458]
[0.3666780889034271]
[0.24779246747493744]
[0.12987853586673737]
[4.778408050537109]
[0.11345206946134567]
[0.24144941568374634]
[0.10163075476884842]
[1.0961970090866089]
[5.943824291229248]
[1.4548389911651611]
[3.943495512008667]
[17.315143585205078]
[0.1852051168680191]
[42.017539978027344]
[2.123070001602173]
[1.6483372449874878]
[1.3039990663528442]
[2.0834648609161377]
[0.3098832964897156]
[0.9765399694442749]
[0.008269648998975754]
[0.6094035506248474]
[0.6702739596366882]
[1.3152276277542114]
[0.2164119929075241]
[0.4092855155467987]
[12.73360824584961]
[1.079014539718628]
[1.471028447151184]
[0.3284928500652313]
[1.875072956085205]
[1.5667614936828613]
[0.1090279221534729]
[1.2916675806045532]
[26.835796356201172]
[0.14713384211063385]
[2.9862985610961914]
[2.147557020187378]
[0.5838492512702942]
[0.7651777863502502]
[0.8447306156158447]
[1.044431209564209]
[3.828334093093872]
[1.3940229415893555]
[90.14727783203125]
[156.7335968017578]
[0.9412133693695068]
[0.8070916533470154]
[45.71564483642578]
[144.06130981445312]
[0.01630019024014473]
[26.573619842529297]
[0.6073371171951294]
[1.6868098974227905]
[18.012775421142578]
[12.645635604858398]
[0.4272855818271637]
[1.0213370323181152]
[0.7345689535140991]
[1.8558558225631714]
[2.542374849319458]
[2.390048027038574]
[6.833917140960693]
[5.796783447265625]
[165.2652587890625]
[7.723532199859619]
[1.166375756263733]
[1.4662672281265259]
[0.48972392082214355]
[0.488341361284256]
[0.5707425475120544]
[2.8784286975860596]
[4.018490314483643]
[0.2851009666919708]
[1.9169021844863892]
[5.574981212615967]
[1.8037763833999634]
[0.8127208948135376]
[2.0295915603637695]
[76.94879150390625]
[0.4012346565723419]
[51.47844314575195]
[1.7281383275985718]
[8.803561210632324]
[1.283871054649353]
[8.546172142028809]
[3.8982553482055664]
[3.0466806888580322]
[6.7233123779296875]
[1.0268083810806274]
[1.0322096347808838]
[0.9011899828910828]
[5.662181854248047]
[6.420253276824951]
[0.7678075432777405]
[0.25518086552619934]
[0.15663643181324005]
[0.2236422598361969]
[0.28678637742996216]
[1.5867244005203247]
[2.072704792022705]
[1.4385818243026733]
[1.8178256750106812]
[4.738977909088135]
[1.5771516561508179]
[0.7050285935401917]
[0.06553041934967041]
[1.1123775243759155]
[0.7615531086921692]
[1.2202470302581787]
[2.895540714263916]
[0.5622448921203613]
[0.02350595034658909]
[1.3364613056182861]
[0.8509377241134644]
[0.5195549726486206]
[0.2917715013027191]
[0.4271136522293091]
[7.353579044342041]
[1.1829850673675537]
[0.5121098160743713]
[0.38114333152770996]
[0.44876015186309814]
[21.388147354125977]
[1.5215933322906494]
[14.736297607421875]
[1.979024052619934]
[0.28154194355010986]
[5.976327419281006]
[0.2594127953052521]
[0.10883256047964096]
[0.3551510274410248]
[144.18740844726562]
[23.117149353027344]
[0.23072445392608643]
[0.06491740047931671]
[3.0270068645477295]
[0.6782092452049255]
[0.7330400347709656]
[0.5835421681404114]
[0.06830790638923645]
[1.315659999847412]
[3.4082448482513428]
[2.4029929637908936]
[0.5473803877830505]
[22.228853225708008]
[0.09178529679775238]
[0.7185797095298767]
[0.038826409727334976]
[0.4354521632194519]
[3.427462577819824]
[0.19872881472110748]
[0.16505025327205658]
[17.96475601196289]
[1.5248706340789795]
[0.491064190864563]
[1.0351654291152954]
[1.6095536947250366]
[0.5039876699447632]
[2.888352632522583]
[0.8643430471420288]
[1.6278557777404785]
[0.49150142073631287]
[1.1950573921203613]
[0.09971079230308533]
[0.7531692385673523]
[0.4659176766872406]
[1.1263198852539062]
[1.2134418487548828]
[20.017776489257812]
[3.3248541355133057]
[0.2591812312602997]
[0.7923417091369629]
[2.0116169452667236]
[0.9031633138656616]
[0.08782481402158737]
[0.12788547575473785]
[1.8513041734695435]
[0.4155045449733734]
[1.5926785469055176]
[0.21590037643909454]
[0.32114046812057495]
[0.7550934553146362]
[1.4389817714691162]
[0.2500650882720947]
[0.5857712030410767]
[0.44336840510368347]
[0.05397946387529373]
[0.675606906414032]
[82.48340606689453]
[2.9707283973693848]
[0.22617897391319275]
[0.7433477640151978]
[0.11781967431306839]
[3.7083542346954346]
[1.9284220933914185]
[0.877962052822113]
[0.7064417004585266]
[0.09145937114953995]
[4.913196563720703]
[9.40765380859375]
[0.824198305606842]
[0.7934344410896301]
[0.41674357652664185]
[0.6158434748649597]
[1.4284344911575317]
[4.1009626388549805]
[1.2278430461883545]
[3.131697177886963]
[0.1775706708431244]
[1.928562879562378]
[1.6235769987106323]
[0.10130468010902405]
[0.8085892200469971]
[8.598451614379883]
[0.7028728723526001]
[11.457836151123047]
[1.6435480117797852]
[0.1977919042110443]
[0.5954538583755493]
[1.8700881004333496]
[0.5099781155586243]
[0.5803540349006653]
[1.012803554534912]
[0.7678984999656677]
[0.13870462775230408]
[1.0070972442626953]
[0.1553952991962433]
[2.0861732959747314]
[2.6362557411193848]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[0.11870980262756348]
[1.230695128440857]
[1.3525221347808838]
[5.000680923461914]
[1.9648611545562744]
[1.2121137380599976]
[0.2077227383852005]
[19.914701461791992]
[0.46896207332611084]
[2.958544969558716]
[0.16328002512454987]
[1.275879144668579]
[0.13282249867916107]
[0.27068617939949036]
[0.9064350724220276]
[0.7177736163139343]
[0.9769712090492249]
[7.320324897766113]
[0.3785955309867859]
[0.5858899354934692]
[0.6519494652748108]
[1.3760669231414795]
[1.5317045450210571]
[0.8063639998435974]
[0.9508619904518127]
[3.0625827312469482]
[0.6575198173522949]
[1.953025221824646]
[10.021079063415527]
[1.4687585830688477]
[42.05207443237305]
[0.6931759119033813]
[0.3133186995983124]
[0.8098116517066956]
[0.36361730098724365]
[0.48040592670440674]
[0.3438929319381714]
[0.549551784992218]
[0.621737539768219]
[0.37955963611602783]
[1.078511118888855]
[67.36112976074219]
[78.4833984375]
[0.23109488189220428]
[0.21830478310585022]
[1.1360061168670654]
[64.86521911621094]
[0.28543734550476074]
[0.1806168556213379]
[1.1814972162246704]
[0.7753711938858032]
[0.5653573870658875]
[2.422377824783325]
[10.363685607910156]
[167.3271484375]
[0.9690412878990173]
[50.567176818847656]
[0.13402794301509857]
[4.187434673309326]
[65.6646499633789]
[1.5351016521453857]
[0.25069504976272583]
[6.835833549499512]
[5.089382171630859]
[7.518665790557861]
[1.0528597831726074]
[3.931403398513794]
[1.3533086776733398]
[0.4346449673175812]
[7.077943801879883]
[3.1390764713287354]
[1.5495153665542603]
[18.933656692504883]
[1.7288705110549927]
[5.321099758148193]
[0.37636756896972656]
[19.520723342895508]
[0.29999008774757385]
[0.6159865260124207]
[73.62380981445312]
[0.7676398754119873]
[0.6799941062927246]
[0.5462877154350281]
[0.11576719582080841]
[0.056530293077230453]
[2.181536912918091]
[1.3161512613296509]
[0.5920534729957581]
[0.626968502998352]
[0.1472185254096985]
[0.26214608550071716]
[0.5894414782524109]
[0.1463056057691574]
[1.2525463104248047]
[0.4964997172355652]
[0.2894994020462036]
[2.147812843322754]
[2.259556770324707]
[0.005673884879797697]
[0.13603059947490692]
[7.890097618103027]
[0.16560927033424377]
[0.35699331760406494]
[1.432641863822937]
[0.1437709480524063]
[0.15370315313339233]
[0.45022231340408325]
[0.7842240929603577]
[0.7886450886726379]
[4.04178524017334]
[1.525834560394287]
[41.818748474121094]
[0.1654280126094818]
[3.049795627593994]
[1.0199605226516724]
[0.04743906855583191]
[0.7764050364494324]
[1.4126282930374146]
[0.7793821692466736]
[0.19564540684223175]
[1.4041000604629517]
[0.1264737844467163]
[12.206559181213379]
[1.8283212184906006]
[0.4354582130908966]
[4.411655426025391]
[2.5008389949798584]
[0.3108140826225281]
[8.498434066772461]
[0.6373631954193115]
[0.8862854242324829]
[40.926490783691406]
[5.3057074546813965]
[38.04442596435547]
[0.10584903508424759]
[0.06290119886398315]
[2.4870147705078125]
[3.322521448135376]
[0.6031439900398254]
[0.1775338053703308]
[0.5003917813301086]
[0.6002327799797058]
[19.96593475341797]
[1.9754002094268799]
[3.6503517627716064]
[8.8185453414917]
[0.7900726199150085]
[0.9888817071914673]
[0.2827659547328949]
[0.7807376980781555]
[10.762192726135254]
[2.1163604259490967]
[0.057750459760427475]
[13.643930435180664]
[0.3880784511566162]
[0.3397941291332245]
[0.9242700934410095]
[6.1528730392456055]
[1.223304033279419]
[0.14200057089328766]
[0.177170068025589]
[16.659040451049805]
[11.984299659729004]
[1.5933233499526978]
[1.0640645027160645]
[2.2507638931274414]
[1.2195806503295898]
[0.8699663281440735]
[1.1327121257781982]
[0.11308754980564117]
[2.035288095474243]
[0.09367064386606216]
[0.4817987084388733]
[0.6059426665306091]
[2.616142988204956]
[6.3567352294921875]
[4.497655868530273]
[0.5208194851875305]
[0.7845945954322815]
[37.240291595458984]
[11.266912460327148]
[1.2458889484405518]
[0.07518398016691208]
[0.8046057224273682]
[1.957645058631897]
[0.2048029899597168]
[1.2341614961624146]
[0.22777099907398224]
[96.12123107910156]
[0.13730794191360474]
[6.460779190063477]
[0.12373656034469604]
[3.258709192276001]
[4.830819129943848]
[0.6776896119117737]
[0.1775965690612793]
[0.0875399187207222]
[0.20817264914512634]
[0.5096052289009094]
[0.7386041283607483]
[0.49074074625968933]
[1.1578407287597656]
[1.231978178024292]
[0.6464632153511047]
[15.661365509033203]
[3.357259511947632]
[0.14841875433921814]
[5.763887882232666]
[0.6009380221366882]
[0.5567074418067932]
[2.6335256099700928]
[0.31506529450416565]
[0.13414724171161652]
[0.010354182682931423]
[4.177202224731445]
[0.4533672034740448]
[23.937969207763672]
[0.7764337062835693]
[0.4827263355255127]
[0.8140084743499756]
[0.8370181918144226]
[1.1246225833892822]
[1.301082968711853]
[2.145763635635376]
[1.2675093412399292]
[2.8658533096313477]
[0.48008209466934204]
[0.1915482133626938]
[5.949924945831299]
[0.29543957114219666]
[0.20683127641677856]
[0.1820126324892044]
[4.898043155670166]
[0.12363173812627792]
[0.6858322024345398]
[2.693242073059082]
[0.7899559736251831]
[2.486370801925659]
[0.49819716811180115]
[1.1014528274536133]
[0.1733790785074234]
[0.31241482496261597]
[0.06681135296821594]
[0.2006121426820755]
[37.53374099731445]
[0.7883379459381104]
[0.7024281024932861]
[7.0086445808410645]
[0.7159519791603088]
[1.6530065536499023]
[6.016972541809082]
[0.23340481519699097]
[1.8768181800842285]
[0.15942291915416718]
[0.9762771725654602]
[0.37035587430000305]
[0.03322022408246994]
[2.9072723388671875]
[4.674077033996582]
[9.45571517944336]
[0.6692551970481873]
[0.4357846975326538]
[0.8424089550971985]
[0.7608214616775513]
[1.5845915079116821]
[0.31036025285720825]
[0.8049793243408203]
[1.7323157787322998]
[2.5761642456054688]
[0.19452117383480072]
[5.5056023597717285]
[2.907857894897461]
[0.4917474687099457]
[1.1005321741104126]
[0.29405713081359863]
[0.941548764705658]
[0.038357485085725784]
[0.49708765745162964]
[0.12737859785556793]
[1.0089993476867676]
[59.66493606567383]
[0.0827113687992096]
[0.4139860272407532]
[0.7198997735977173]
[0.246344655752182]
[0.052228111773729324]
[5.272824764251709]
[0.24334463477134705]
[1.1173197031021118]
[0.388216108083725]
[0.6462723612785339]
[2.5305066108703613]
[0.46942269802093506]
[1.2301335334777832]
[2.12576961517334]
[2.6478798389434814]
[1.8651230335235596]
[7.639829635620117]
[1.615097999572754]
[4.27760124206543]
[1.2161402702331543]
[0.9996122121810913]
[0.18863914906978607]
[0.8238359689712524]
[0.2940465807914734]
[1.6253838539123535]
[2.0513248443603516]
[51.92576217651367]
[1.656279444694519]
[0.2484004646539688]
[2.0065577030181885]
[0.28203850984573364]
[0.9542514681816101]
[175.34317016601562]
[5.523169994354248]
[0.35258400440216064]
[1.5704225301742554]
[11.416335105895996]
[0.4297749698162079]
[0.00804840587079525]
[0.7687392234802246]
[2.1043736934661865]
[1.0966556072235107]
[2.482107639312744]
[3.925250768661499]
[17.487064361572266]
[5.1509270668029785]
[28.715286254882812]
[58.039955139160156]
[5.103549480438232]
[0.6167919635772705]
[1.1040629148483276]
[0.2990603744983673]
[1.3749504089355469]
[0.5186014771461487]
[4.318161964416504]
[1.8364428281784058]
[4.30325174331665]
[0.23897095024585724]
[1.1847697496414185]
[8.871735572814941]
[105.26307678222656]
[1.572128176689148]
[0.8840267062187195]
[2.1347908973693848]
[3.142045259475708]
[6.631627082824707]
[2.1624672412872314]
[0.558096706867218]
[0.41231057047843933]
[2.1653823852539062]
[0.2326381653547287]
[6.400728702545166]
[8.881819725036621]
[2.929462194442749]
[0.23681679368019104]
[1.412071943283081]
[2.1207940578460693]
[1.1492013931274414]
[41.15656280517578]
[4.271237373352051]
[4.305505752563477]
[0.8674631714820862]
[2.452664852142334]
[1.3033103942871094]
[0.21945753693580627]
[1.5421290397644043]
[0.08133415132761002]
[2.6659317016601562]
[1.3603639602661133]
[3.209207534790039]
[2.075732707977295]
[0.2930181324481964]
[0.4845028221607208]
[0.778197705745697]
[0.12094531953334808]
[22.877788543701172]
[5.155029773712158]
[3.4854977130889893]
[1.0444530248641968]
[2.4675965309143066]
[2.825314521789551]
[5.34030294418335]
[4.573380947113037]
[2.9670662879943848]
[3.5396409034729004]
[0.5709939002990723]
[1.5861544609069824]
[1.3029764890670776]
[0.009493928402662277]
[0.25846177339553833]
[1.1514387130737305]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.4023867845535278]
[0.27670904994010925]
[0.34557804465293884]
[1.5427403450012207]
[1.482759952545166]
[1.5653142929077148]
[17.949678421020508]
[8.824856758117676]
[0.8238752484321594]
[4.918519020080566]
[1.650632619857788]
[80.03605651855469]
[3.5853943824768066]
[1.3060500621795654]
[1.01143479347229]
[1.473506212234497]
[2.896589994430542]
[2.0713491439819336]
[2.812516212463379]
[0.4155498445034027]
[1.4958503246307373]
[0.9272773861885071]
[1.0821542739868164]
[185.47264099121094]
[124.37445068359375]
[1.336771845817566]
[2.923713445663452]
[1.685448169708252]
[3.515918016433716]
[2.5485968589782715]
[0.5535331964492798]
[0.8718888759613037]
[0.20520572364330292]
[0.18805299699306488]
[5.488934516906738]
[16.9671573638916]
[2.151664972305298]
[33.493080139160156]
[6.722230434417725]
[1.7717671394348145]
[3.7679836750030518]
[0.10361423343420029]
[1.5843967199325562]
[0.5916311144828796]
[5.682735443115234]
[0.04443051666021347]
[6.742065906524658]
[2.555940866470337]
[4.467065811157227]
[3.8863799571990967]
[2.7801074981689453]
[0.1348545402288437]
[0.17181430757045746]
[0.7954177260398865]
[1.2892048358917236]
[2.8345787525177]
[0.24638457596302032]
[0.2932717800140381]
[5.541441440582275]
[2.1366987228393555]
[3.4818999767303467]
[0.9145388603210449]
[1749.322021484375]
[0.3078341484069824]
[2.4060473442077637]
[0.7284161448478699]
[8.139206886291504]
[7.814550399780273]
[2.3591840267181396]
[40.3276481628418]
[2.723997116088867]
[2.9526500701904297]
[428.72894287109375]
[10.248544692993164]
[5.797582626342773]
[16.288925170898438]
[7.170994758605957]
[37.08382034301758]
[14.110494613647461]
[12.205047607421875]
[1.118088722229004]
[1.7813465595245361]
[3.082759380340576]
[6.3775410652160645]
[3.6136085987091064]
[0.8788551092147827]
[20.80089569091797]
[19.746681213378906]
[11.879753112792969]
[84.6535873413086]
[18.330707550048828]
[0.842949628829956]
[17.35468292236328]
[19.793292999267578]
[14.658044815063477]
[1.6996899843215942]
[12.653725624084473]
[4.979921340942383]
[2.794851303100586]
[6.622591495513916]
[4.826236248016357]
[13.86065673828125]
[31.87564468383789]
[4.698248386383057]
[9.18814468383789]
[4.284838676452637]
[45.870849609375]
[5.6132426261901855]
[18.475589752197266]
[0.47955936193466187]
[52.235774993896484]
[3.482342004776001]
[5.701313495635986]
[4.4419403076171875]
[0.6270307302474976]
[10.861366271972656]
[1.3353914022445679]
[0.44356444478034973]
[6.636775970458984]
[8.762740135192871]
[0.2817215025424957]
[31.227434158325195]
[4.479150772094727]
[4.580463409423828]
[8.25278377532959]
[7.676837921142578]
[36.6789665222168]
[12.023969650268555]
[0.13935047388076782]
[23.708036422729492]
[0.4115135967731476]
[5.208768367767334]
[5.576687812805176]
[1.493334174156189]
[27.304485321044922]
[2.8626163005828857]
[3.295034408569336]
[27.156116485595703]
[0.9375141859054565]
[4.056386947631836]
[0.3900536298751831]
[0.9650682210922241]
[0.8209195137023926]
[0.32728907465934753]
[2.1630730628967285]
[2.277794122695923]
[0.6506780385971069]
[3.8404674530029297]
[11.557211875915527]
[2.9207499027252197]
[1.1781514883041382]
[0.31948187947273254]
[2.2715795040130615]
[12.253876686096191]
[1.3888652324676514]
[0.39654505252838135]
[11.070098876953125]
[0.506473183631897]
[0.16081668436527252]
[3.32310152053833]
[3.4283196926116943]
[0.7195996046066284]
[0.9220616817474365]
[4.192774772644043]
[3.3110079765319824]
[0.6274259090423584]
[83.64111328125]
[8.671014785766602]
[0.15313781797885895]
[1.2340669631958008]
[1.7767529487609863]
[2.9895317554473877]
[2.631906747817993]
[16.966724395751953]
[4.442455768585205]
[4.999027252197266]
[0.37476882338523865]
[1.2561336755752563]
[1.8727504014968872]
[102.24536895751953]
[1.5588268041610718]
[3.394232749938965]
[0.2997558116912842]
[0.6987795233726501]
[5.424102783203125]
[1.164907455444336]
[0.08793152123689651]
[1.4913429021835327]
[2.9229156970977783]
[1.7235194444656372]
[2.6367218494415283]
[108.04927825927734]
[9.991660118103027]
[1.0970536470413208]
[1.0120608806610107]
[22.390907287597656]
[24.837486267089844]
[0.5339953899383545]
[1.9525935649871826]
[1.1689202785491943]
[2.7011654376983643]
[0.2734133005142212]
[4.141684055328369]
[2.7193644046783447]
[4.370080947875977]
[3.1046905517578125]
[0.20506060123443604]
[1.3190028667449951]
[0.8906495571136475]
[0.9196977019309998]
[3.6213011741638184]
[0.7502803802490234]
[11.862448692321777]
[1.0854556560516357]
[0.07888299226760864]
[0.8690661787986755]
[2.3677165508270264]
[0.6329521536827087]
[4.329327583312988]
[0.8004610538482666]
[0.6985393762588501]
[2.3296260833740234]
[1.0022717714309692]
[0.44133979082107544]
[2.197066068649292]
[1.1486037969589233]
[0.5938907861709595]
[9.013473510742188]
[5.043189525604248]
[1.0092644691467285]
[0.14222438633441925]
[113.8443374633789]
[0.8555539846420288]
[2.4275624752044678]
[6.620596408843994]
[1.6415432691574097]
[0.3931211233139038]
[0.6542308926582336]
[4.483890533447266]
[1.1508431434631348]
[2.4948770999908447]
[2.34230637550354]
[0.6425731182098389]
[83.0088119506836]
[0.07487231492996216]
[0.28916287422180176]
[0.42164745926856995]
[0.39143726229667664]
[0.9854333400726318]
[1.4849815368652344]
[0.6312397122383118]
[42.121517181396484]
[18.642742156982422]
[0.1408044695854187]
[1.9584264755249023]
[0.15716709196567535]
[0.20872515439987183]
[22.274024963378906]
[3.1244819164276123]
[40.605743408203125]
[0.4203418791294098]
[0.5695952773094177]
[0.7127796411514282]
[0.9341619610786438]
[0.14744457602500916]
[2.561955213546753]
[2.6250925064086914]
[0.7011339664459229]
[1.5583653450012207]
[0.114165298640728]
[1.2937932014465332]
[1.4971073865890503]
[17.64605712890625]
[1.0193969011306763]
[3.4250409603118896]
[1.403181552886963]
[5.327370643615723]
[0.5327980518341064]
[4.724968433380127]
[0.8052147030830383]
[1.4226500988006592]
[0.4190567433834076]
[0.7974768877029419]
[0.7159942388534546]
[2.0409297943115234]
[0.8128830194473267]
[1.3985328674316406]
[2.7826015949249268]
[0.11332815885543823]
[37.09272766113281]
[0.6495080590248108]
[13.861248016357422]
[0.8354452252388]
[3.1947338581085205]
[0.4723343253135681]
[1.7604033946990967]
[9.119099617004395]
[5.369997978210449]
[0.6159297823905945]
[0.8043319582939148]
[6.433037281036377]
[1.22956120967865]
[0.8899664878845215]
[1.057266354560852]
[0.5688064694404602]
[0.6400372385978699]
[0.8326936364173889]
[0.3680868446826935]
[1.3991931676864624]
[4.1436591148376465]
[0.9848090410232544]
[2.548323154449463]
[66.45742797851562]
[0.5541449189186096]
[0.16281381249427795]
[2.165228843688965]
[29.4367733001709]
[1.3569434881210327]
[2.2731802463531494]
[1.0149916410446167]
[190.8233184814453]
[53.349945068359375]
[0.5769979357719421]
[9.439547538757324]
[13.269946098327637]
[2.612403154373169]
[0.6583296060562134]
[75.33192443847656]
[23.480236053466797]
[1.4678795337677002]
[0.9526151418685913]
[2.3023438453674316]
[3.078944683074951]
[1.5318647623062134]
[0.865511953830719]
[1.9201178550720215]
[4.043375492095947]
[0.25137391686439514]
[0.3044617772102356]
[1.763495922088623]
[0.48340606689453125]
[0.13261885941028595]
[2.696474552154541]
[0.2173517644405365]
[1.2601838111877441]
[1.1570923328399658]
[1.0904580354690552]
[0.7629867792129517]
[1.1819475889205933]
[55.57463073730469]
[0.5011693239212036]
[0.9532219171524048]
[0.6348497271537781]
[1.6333739757537842]
[2.018425226211548]
[2.246161460876465]
[45.049583435058594]
[0.5958319902420044]
[2.9989473819732666]
[146.87167358398438]
[8.477261543273926]
[1.0988842248916626]
[0.25727465748786926]
[0.2947417199611664]
[3.6759157180786133]
[9.21391773223877]
[5.819879055023193]
[12.7357177734375]
[1.3771777153015137]
[6.222556114196777]
[0.607568085193634]
[101.61028289794922]
[1.2881556749343872]
[2.3785688877105713]
[0.8251949548721313]
[0.9055783152580261]
[4.882216453552246]
[1.3926539421081543]
[2.5302813053131104]
[0.5992961525917053]
[2.192617416381836]
[1.6148850917816162]
[0.012158882804214954]
[1.3351681232452393]
[1.1006239652633667]
[0.9500038027763367]
[3.564351797103882]
[0.45212772488594055]
[4.606716156005859]
[2.236832618713379]
[0.41048550605773926]
[1.4358563423156738]
[7.840359687805176]
[0.42503654956817627]
[1.4059460163116455]
[1.4098819494247437]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.4510827660560608]
[1.2387572526931763]
[14.215507507324219]
[3.595349073410034]
[1.2663836479187012]
[0.19702719151973724]
[0.19842323660850525]
[1.1799633502960205]
[3.8750078678131104]
[0.6203662753105164]
[0.5669636726379395]
[0.8656742572784424]
[0.5051805377006531]
[0.5806888341903687]
[2.016580104827881]
[0.8234686255455017]
[2.5629799365997314]
[1.7053872346878052]
[1.150109887123108]
[1.4108179807662964]
[0.06280714273452759]
[0.3483700454235077]
[0.06695172190666199]
[1.9813934564590454]
[1.426206350326538]
[0.33007311820983887]
[6.088897705078125]
[0.6961020827293396]
[0.9065440893173218]
[0.8114951848983765]
[0.33822184801101685]
[19.885862350463867]
[4.256861686706543]
[0.8158330321311951]
[0.9247853755950928]
[0.508137047290802]
[2.5680389404296875]
[7.991994857788086]
[1.3506393432617188]
[0.7883943915367126]
[0.4571795165538788]
[0.3923623561859131]
[1.5438718795776367]
[1.1275461912155151]
[0.22498680651187897]
[0.694949746131897]
[0.33887019753456116]
[0.07459048926830292]
[2.522109270095825]
[0.46841534972190857]
[0.4983398914337158]
[0.7119688987731934]
[0.3094272017478943]
[0.7216203808784485]
[0.2138238549232483]
[0.11468642950057983]
[6.241664886474609]
[0.5447795391082764]
[0.07049598544836044]
[0.5096481442451477]
[6.1883544921875]
[0.17335306107997894]
[9.745820999145508]
[0.6807880401611328]
[5.399433612823486]
[9.378030776977539]
[0.8056831359863281]
[1.3265217542648315]
[0.9563573598861694]
[1.2156786918640137]
[0.6932408809661865]
[0.1523435264825821]
[4.042924880981445]
[0.6919882297515869]
[2.5186891555786133]
[3.000680923461914]
[2.0025124549865723]
[22.072704315185547]
[0.45843687653541565]
[0.2641974985599518]
[4.352079391479492]
[0.5573922991752625]
[0.59333336353302]
[1.3112329244613647]
[0.7125081419944763]
[0.6531462073326111]
[0.6943383812904358]
[0.17794281244277954]
[0.9828512668609619]
[1.2228586673736572]
[1.0023003816604614]
[1.129306674003601]
[1.2037065029144287]
[0.8604863882064819]
[0.24822622537612915]
[0.502139687538147]
[0.3461429476737976]
[5.398550033569336]
[0.05367736518383026]
[1.3455259799957275]
[0.5370046496391296]
[48.09817886352539]
[2.255506992340088]
[9.496796607971191]
[0.13363856077194214]
[5.923666954040527]
[11.292903900146484]
[39.159934997558594]
[0.07746932655572891]
[1.8099170923233032]
[9.095717430114746]
[1.9637343883514404]
[2.8380744457244873]
[0.13535085320472717]
[53.546791076660156]
[1.2747801542282104]
[0.6127380132675171]
[2.3213489055633545]
[2.7046494483947754]
[0.581544816493988]
[0.6510806083679199]
[3.561271905899048]
[0.6371477246284485]
[1.416354775428772]
[70.74353790283203]
[0.31775009632110596]
[0.8904855251312256]
[0.3322436511516571]
[0.30602437257766724]
[1.4508464336395264]
[0.6601189374923706]
[2.776791572570801]
[56.27287673950195]
[0.2699809968471527]
[0.6570229530334473]
[0.8837759494781494]
[1.8116718530654907]
[0.6856207251548767]
[0.4784180819988251]
[0.023692499846220016]
[0.9784298539161682]
[1.0541938543319702]
[2.7675118446350098]
[21.079565048217773]
[63.70035171508789]
[0.04355691000819206]
[9.365955352783203]
[9.585906028747559]
[0.5292607545852661]
[0.4688887298107147]
[5.245814323425293]
[4.40054178237915]
[0.9476631879806519]
[0.5384659171104431]
[1.1352630853652954]
[0.6619182825088501]
[30.20367431640625]
[1.2103805541992188]
[1.8496400117874146]
[2.154301166534424]
[0.829485297203064]
[1.2352948188781738]
[1.0286386013031006]
[1.0870163440704346]
[0.3121926486492157]
[1.1090031862258911]
[1.1254479885101318]
[0.7521127462387085]
[3.1028802394866943]
[0.7543477416038513]
[0.04976149648427963]
[3.819714307785034]
[5.48267936706543]
[1.1619338989257812]
[0.33367064595222473]
[7.072300434112549]
[0.03687821701169014]
[0.739378035068512]
[1.6178936958312988]
[0.5856863260269165]
[2.431114673614502]
[0.417826771736145]
[11.214081764221191]
[0.9371767640113831]
[0.3631521165370941]
[0.020075244829058647]
[0.38795337080955505]
[1.8536862134933472]
[0.3247963786125183]
[1.0157545804977417]
[0.3830462396144867]
[0.6334383487701416]
[2.239924907684326]
[9.896119117736816]
[0.24149949848651886]
[0.2847994863986969]
[0.3997376561164856]
[7.46478271484375]
[0.6429508924484253]
[1.697029709815979]
[0.1037871241569519]
[0.2518186569213867]
[1.2159011363983154]
[1.6311280727386475]
[0.4179154932498932]
[0.5454904437065125]
[2.2805020809173584]
[1.157228946685791]
[0.2739470303058624]
[0.07549761235713959]
[1.4423091411590576]
[2.530210494995117]
[0.5944628715515137]
[5.2727952003479]
[0.5212631225585938]
[0.12594707310199738]
[1.2053848505020142]
[0.15441124141216278]
[1.156052827835083]
[0.24505437910556793]
[1.089134693145752]
[0.5767676830291748]
[0.22814060747623444]
[0.673286497592926]
[18.117464065551758]
[1.3803797960281372]
[75.89288330078125]
[1.312383770942688]
[7.381199836730957]
[0.3687130808830261]
[0.6548178195953369]
[0.997496485710144]
[0.06942223012447357]
[0.7947341799736023]
[1.0369150638580322]
[0.9749237298965454]
[3.2461636066436768]
[0.13623689115047455]
[0.2833501398563385]
[9.07758617401123]
[0.15325458347797394]
[0.43535637855529785]
[0.35275641083717346]
[0.9958946704864502]
[1.5734401941299438]
[0.010680144652724266]
[1.466984748840332]
[0.24103231728076935]
[1.1470744609832764]
[1.2628954648971558]
[1.1593596935272217]
[0.8465070128440857]
[50.47024917602539]
[0.7939638495445251]
[1.3436871767044067]
[16.579998016357422]
[0.7204625010490417]
[2.6313421726226807]
[1.7427159547805786]
[0.8097285628318787]
[0.3870626389980316]
[0.2653888761997223]
[16.34376335144043]
[2.0617008209228516]
[0.6805844902992249]
[0.14615827798843384]
[45.54924011230469]
[8.01629638671875]
[2.591482639312744]
[1.1876039505004883]
[1.251383662223816]
[0.7602021098136902]
[5.405473709106445]
[0.35596388578414917]
[0.529158353805542]
[3.8976354598999023]
[15.361845970153809]
[0.2645459473133087]
[0.04683297127485275]
[0.2215452343225479]
[2.967280864715576]
[0.7057257890701294]
[1.8641715049743652]
[10.773674011230469]
[1.5751255750656128]
[0.9540792107582092]
[1.0552762746810913]
[23.601306915283203]
[0.34527382254600525]
[0.3871225416660309]
[9.891335487365723]
[1.2632184028625488]
[0.7196333408355713]
[0.7768524885177612]
[0.23997463285923004]
[0.9449394345283508]
[0.4686601161956787]
[0.1409609317779541]
[1.2267429828643799]
[0.45456162095069885]
[1.6276829242706299]
[2.639265775680542]
[7.363344669342041]
[1.1846157312393188]
[0.6316556930541992]
[1.9271597862243652]
[1.7764744758605957]
[0.8004152774810791]
[2.6595516204833984]
[1.0716851949691772]
[0.5661993622779846]
[0.5257303714752197]
[0.18009628355503082]
[0.34689921140670776]
[2.109513998031616]
[0.3174993693828583]
[0.5203616619110107]
[0.5188105702400208]
[0.2559649348258972]
[1.2513164281845093]
[1.3798768520355225]
[1.308578372001648]
[0.750029444694519]
[1.6061519384384155]
[0.30083853006362915]
[164.73272705078125]
[0.4716724753379822]
[9.536343574523926]
[1.7211623191833496]
[1.8322950601577759]
[3.872741937637329]
[15.043492317199707]
[0.9929909706115723]
[7.974946975708008]
[37.02471160888672]
[0.32999446988105774]
[0.20182202756404877]
[0.07232917100191116]
[0.06458056718111038]
[0.8656674027442932]
[0.7314807176589966]
[1.7023882865905762]
[2.271768093109131]
[0.374436616897583]
[0.3387902081012726]
[2.0709540843963623]
[0.3913835883140564]
[0.7834107279777527]
[0.5253423452377319]
[0.6462897658348083]
[1.3993124961853027]
[3.6921987533569336]
[0.7016095519065857]
[1.4396584033966064]
[19.651792526245117]
[0.45120862126350403]
[0.26305487751960754]
[2.3872475624084473]
[2.27987003326416]
[0.7673538327217102]
[0.9168636202812195]
[1.2361167669296265]
[0.02745344117283821]
[0.10996194928884506]
[0.7970283031463623]
[0.4852205216884613]
[2.9593193531036377]
[0.6183332204818726]
[10.033984184265137]
[0.5270679593086243]
[3.809239387512207]
[0.9792885780334473]
[1.2168681621551514]
[0.1464269757270813]
[0.8760288953781128]
[0.14676977694034576]
[1.2572869062423706]
[0.8701716661453247]
[0.502195417881012]
[0.8278043866157532]
[0.06390756368637085]
[0.9860900044441223]
[16.932022094726562]
[0.11989619582891464]
[2.222496747970581]
[1.3866320848464966]
[9.872101783752441]
[0.04301181808114052]
[0.04058052599430084]
[0.42340385913848877]
[0.1374385803937912]
[0.5806770324707031]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.9156744480133057]
[2.6399221420288086]
[0.8181784152984619]
[0.6655896902084351]
[10.693432807922363]
[0.13213515281677246]
[0.7349183559417725]
[0.71497642993927]
[0.23663459718227386]
[1.3891324996948242]
[0.4603397846221924]
[0.12387902289628983]
[0.25237202644348145]
[1.2208530902862549]
[0.7492608428001404]
[0.23138529062271118]
[0.6459529995918274]
[0.396879106760025]
[0.6941779851913452]
[0.6645229458808899]
[2.7605440616607666]
[0.6828603148460388]
[0.11015346646308899]
[0.10220659524202347]
[0.17299146950244904]
[12.136497497558594]
[0.3355819284915924]
[11.574771881103516]
[398.0978088378906]
[0.01070277951657772]
[0.20538726449012756]
[4.073458671569824]
[0.17016862332820892]
[0.5557471513748169]
[0.018360259011387825]
[0.8495151400566101]
[3.495485544204712]
[2.876870632171631]
[4.687038421630859]
[0.23075376451015472]
[33.413665771484375]
[19.20383071899414]
[0.00700807012617588]
[0.7221254706382751]
[0.9288934469223022]
[8.250628471374512]
[1.569654107093811]
[3.7849152088165283]
[2.8206710815429688]
[2.1512041091918945]
[3.9210808277130127]
[2.496767044067383]
[3.904417037963867]
[2.3601911067962646]
[3.294213056564331]
[1.1920748949050903]
[3.096844434738159]
[19.80681800842285]
[3.623298406600952]
[0.09734072536230087]
[0.6585869789123535]
[2.3293707370758057]
[1.3569949865341187]
[0.2180943489074707]
[1.3917759656906128]
[0.2388031929731369]
[0.7454798221588135]
[2.818596601486206]
[1.842746615409851]
[1843.46435546875]
[0.663489818572998]
[8.78721809387207]
[3.542088031768799]
[1.717801809310913]
[20.13353157043457]
[9.191100120544434]
[0.15749146044254303]
[6.923920154571533]
[2.265450954437256]
[23.234725952148438]
[15.689723014831543]
[5.283375263214111]
[30.765153884887695]
[10.200406074523926]
[10.388389587402344]
[21.907909393310547]
[13.164787292480469]
[16.725143432617188]
[77.7527084350586]
[0.6916956901550293]
[0.775855541229248]
[17.579504013061523]
[228.0181427001953]
[1.6091707944869995]
[9.035113334655762]
[11.288873672485352]
[7.141162872314453]
[2.1625640392303467]
[2.099015474319458]
[3.954777479171753]
[0.6211205720901489]
[15.036846160888672]
[1.082981824874878]
[1.4371381998062134]
[4.252108573913574]
[2.3598296642303467]
[3.581575632095337]
[1.4447088241577148]
[7.586972236633301]
[8.529534339904785]
[0.5251610279083252]
[5.381066799163818]
[0.5336400866508484]
[0.6546077728271484]
[4.343761444091797]
[9.894618034362793]
[19.191526412963867]
[4.758545398712158]
[1.4252066612243652]
[5.769935131072998]
[7.940565586090088]
[1.0188047885894775]
[0.2107890099287033]
[15.443802833557129]
[16.397159576416016]
[4.586924076080322]
[0.9018791913986206]
[1.1959755420684814]
[3.1511123180389404]
[4.728429794311523]
[1.6244227886199951]
[0.23366166651248932]
[4.3195013999938965]
[10.2039794921875]
[64.6959457397461]
[9.951883316040039]
[0.17061962187290192]
[0.19249103963375092]
[0.1484566628932953]
[0.6521530747413635]
[4.602689266204834]
[3.4275918006896973]
[3.193115472793579]
[1.4094771146774292]
[9.028048515319824]
[1.7074683904647827]
[67.20325469970703]
[39.9095344543457]
[57.564056396484375]
[0.5481712222099304]
[2.147019863128662]
[2.9164185523986816]
[24.613168716430664]
[1.9432581663131714]
[9.96894359588623]
[1.9875280857086182]
[2.947115182876587]
[4.223873138427734]
[8.372674942016602]
[0.852485179901123]
[0.036664217710494995]
[1.4440791606903076]
[0.07702528685331345]
[13.427586555480957]
[4.415566921234131]
[5.651411533355713]
[14.86925983428955]
[1.2874351739883423]
[105.07100677490234]
[1805.54931640625]
[0.1703653335571289]
[9.802989959716797]
[14.527790069580078]
[3.8801331520080566]
[87.71529388427734]
[0.02685517817735672]
[8.309918403625488]
[59.42243194580078]
[40.86001205444336]
[40.35076141357422]
[2.360912799835205]
[24.889564514160156]
[21.834848403930664]
[5.520222187042236]
[2.0761139392852783]
[12.262930870056152]
[12.702445983886719]
[12.578490257263184]
[9.624256134033203]
[55.683048248291016]
[1.087426781654358]
[21.06576156616211]
[5.6981987953186035]
[6.852346420288086]
[10.738960266113281]
[0.40444281697273254]
[28.837087631225586]
[5.5776262283325195]
[5.759130477905273]
[2.9473891258239746]
[9.300567626953125]
[10.238370895385742]
[5.759445667266846]
[18.449111938476562]
[4.8388214111328125]
[0.8190923929214478]
[0.7283706665039062]
[24.957639694213867]
[5.771798610687256]
[0.4413607120513916]
[3.500103712081909]
[2.491744041442871]
[10.485639572143555]
[137.75991821289062]
[4.94307279586792]
[6.332441806793213]
[3.7994911670684814]
[22.313024520874023]
[0.28504592180252075]
[10.019608497619629]
[4.112371444702148]
[5.4436492919921875]
[43.36504364013672]
[1.1899203062057495]
[4.100568771362305]
[3.824532985687256]
[2.280170202255249]
[3.810628652572632]
[1.6143549680709839]
[5.731635093688965]
[15.381939888000488]
[1.3670881986618042]
[0.7201828956604004]
[1.3417510986328125]
[4.470184803009033]
[2.904930830001831]
[11.246672630310059]
[2.7250845432281494]
[2.1596410274505615]
[0.45710015296936035]
[1.5921534299850464]
[0.3597203195095062]
[4.829031944274902]
[3.553622245788574]
[3.4505934715270996]
[5.238142490386963]
[6.661475658416748]
[2.7485175132751465]
[7.851290225982666]
[1.1061490774154663]
[2.1986289024353027]
[1.0224347114562988]
[6.612862586975098]
[2.441633701324463]
[10.87127685546875]
[5.520349025726318]
[4.890958786010742]
[3.2259573936462402]
[0.6527410745620728]
[2.5116305351257324]
[0.7387330532073975]
[0.44616490602493286]
[2.8841278553009033]
[5.061156272888184]
[1.0520349740982056]
[0.8377857804298401]
[3.8787038326263428]
[0.013062412850558758]
[1.2891600131988525]
[1.6049270629882812]
[1.8476890325546265]
[1.1015321016311646]
[12.777436256408691]
[0.8755555152893066]
[0.2948532700538635]
[2.5799953937530518]
[0.6249753832817078]
[1.1334912776947021]
[3.0150704383850098]
[0.4747427701950073]
[1.0150964260101318]
[2.9226813316345215]
[13.522111892700195]
[0.5593297481536865]
[1.3073456287384033]
[2.001678466796875]
[0.7454984188079834]
[0.5309480428695679]
[1.3013087511062622]
[0.3724198043346405]
[3.2410402297973633]
[8.20081901550293]
[2.0004937648773193]
[0.8228648900985718]
[14.175572395324707]
[0.08497302234172821]
[0.7025372385978699]
[6.0630879402160645]
[2.1706128120422363]
[0.4927915930747986]
[9.14688777923584]
[157.5207061767578]
[1.0415928363800049]
[26.167612075805664]
[6.541254997253418]
[0.2551625370979309]
[2.533397912979126]
[2.0490469932556152]
[4.372982025146484]
[4.028344631195068]
[1.467523217201233]
[0.1573571115732193]
[2.356252431869507]
[0.3233014941215515]
[2.9433867931365967]
[23.714181900024414]
[1.299092411994934]
[4.524026393890381]
[0.4039168655872345]
[1.4209338426589966]
[15.701839447021484]
[0.6060125827789307]
[1.7697573900222778]
[20.252857208251953]
[2.4812629222869873]
[0.5439464449882507]
[0.2846428453922272]
[4.32441520690918]
[0.6678974628448486]
[1.3712894916534424]
[0.6178394556045532]
[0.7777091860771179]
[2.801271677017212]
[5.4826788902282715]
[0.1696484237909317]
[1.485788106918335]
[1.3558642864227295]
[0.17834971845149994]
[0.17015108466148376]
[0.4883546829223633]
[1.2274168729782104]
[2.5913381576538086]
[2.223001480102539]
[21.660690307617188]
[4.424559116363525]
[2.462555408477783]
[8.681657791137695]
[1.5276309251785278]
[4.179230213165283]
[1.8298627138137817]
[2.949897050857544]
[1.1514636278152466]
[2.545468807220459]
[8.408928871154785]
[0.4763214886188507]
[0.046398211270570755]
[9.811605453491211]
[7.153292655944824]
[1.0675357580184937]
[1.4354373216629028]
[1.6147618293762207]
[1467.9173583984375]
[12.056984901428223]
[0.11119715869426727]
[1.1524351835250854]
[28.98593521118164]
[43.74290466308594]
[1.6005760431289673]
[9.51243782043457]
[0.6388110518455505]
[2.188659191131592]
[30.834510803222656]
[21.105480194091797]
[1.8638492822647095]
[15.226210594177246]
[35.0528450012207]
[83.16231536865234]
[67.38985443115234]
[8.976909637451172]
[8.21139907836914]
[120.61266326904297]
[3.4812088012695312]
[18.130311965942383]
[36.70198059082031]
[5.714150905609131]
[0.5079035758972168]
[46.820987701416016]
[1.0261050462722778]
[4.260551929473877]
[21.333765029907227]
[0.48324355483055115]
[30.433408737182617]
[55.4216194152832]
[19.262012481689453]
[2.873504400253296]
[1.9681634902954102]
[3.995199680328369]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created

[10.367951393127441]
[11.452856063842773]
[0.4165942072868347]
[9.641292572021484]
[2.1696043014526367]
[0.7217110395431519]
[1.2453304529190063]
[2.5072126388549805]
[13.482940673828125]
[0.922011137008667]
[0.5225309729576111]
[29.325815200805664]
[11.953042030334473]
[2.7727344036102295]
[326.2441101074219]
[0.3118124306201935]
[6.460927963256836]
[15.661852836608887]
[3.1133840084075928]
[1.4593901634216309]
[74.63032531738281]
[16.235004425048828]
[7.650737762451172]
[7.375728130340576]
[14.89845085144043]
[6.978127956390381]
[30.12183380126953]
[2.566514253616333]
[1.1914646625518799]
[3.6061203479766846]
[4.621699333190918]
[16.19896697998047]
[18.667102813720703]
[23.825868606567383]
[2.497718095779419]
[1.6854900121688843]
[4.555152416229248]
[1.8501853942871094]
[24.12909507751465]
[14.354169845581055]
[0.519813060760498]
[10.888769149780273]
[0.7238423228263855]
[1.0725501775741577]
[11.796211242675781]
[1.3356738090515137]
[38.4821891784668]
[42.92329406738281]
[23.233877182006836]
[1.4294488430023193]
[31.451740264892578]
[0.6354433298110962]
[1.2949261665344238]
[3.6334292888641357]
[1.3084988594055176]
[270.2420959472656]
[9.144503593444824]
[5.886859893798828]
[4.706599235534668]
[1.4387867450714111]
[5.307724475860596]
[1.337843894958496]
[4.346495151519775]
[2.1282801628112793]
[11.499507904052734]
[3.8948280811309814]
[1.8741965293884277]
[5.5956711769104]
[1.795507788658142]
[0.9023551344871521]
[8.434487342834473]
[3.3799126148223877]
[110.73914337158203]
[3.0077223777770996]
[7.551080226898193]
[26.43465805053711]
[4.101517200469971]
[1.0850257873535156]
[24.400592803955078]
[5.6840667724609375]
[0.6388799548149109]
[2.4651119709014893]
[15.115002632141113]
[1006.3510131835938]
[8.918031692504883]
[1.0710644721984863]
[5.289692401885986]
[0.7303441762924194]
[0.5312113761901855]
[7.7493743896484375]
[2.1527438163757324]
[15.36918830871582]
[0.4077611565589905]
[0.106794074177742]
[2.288811445236206]
[1.8065381050109863]
[0.6327216625213623]
[1.0740442276000977]
[5.731536865234375]
[1.1071913242340088]
[1.4311020374298096]
[3.0326480865478516]
[1.422092080116272]
[8.01405143737793]
[4.758317470550537]
[0.26074638962745667]
[10.047846794128418]
[9.035808563232422]
[3.0154449939727783]
[1.0687284469604492]
[3.9448351860046387]
[2.44466233253479]
[1.1305729150772095]
[3.431549072265625]
[5.104757308959961]
[0.5592752695083618]
[0.7658213973045349]
[2.8291471004486084]
[5371.76708984375]
[2.2943191528320312]
[3.8857839107513428]
[5.814047813415527]
[16.844083786010742]
[9.993828773498535]
[6.470150947570801]
[25.228517532348633]
[4.415252208709717]
[27.76386260986328]
[664.455078125]
[15.689866065979004]
[10.563739776611328]
[1.3917078971862793]
[117.10273742675781]
[60.19355392456055]
[13.97776985168457]
[25.91327667236328]
[12.779632568359375]
[8.664778709411621]
[0.31814947724342346]
[10.68127727508545]
[5.605691432952881]
[4.654966354370117]
[7.886291980743408]
[119.28697967529297]
[362.0780029296875]
[4.695418834686279]
[13.959461212158203]
[99.3638687133789]
[9.348406791687012]
[1.9970213174819946]
[4.809873580932617]
[34.90657043457031]
[0.7370416522026062]
[1.5734460353851318]
[5.8702311515808105]
[1.165614128112793]
[7.587796688079834]
[3.0541088581085205]
[4.7803497314453125]
[11.609615325927734]
[2.5895614624023438]
[86.4292221069336]
[3.6162569522857666]
[180.95062255859375]
[5.121214389801025]
[19.935993194580078]
[7.417703151702881]
[5.65119743347168]
[11.644667625427246]
[2.3237597942352295]
[2.8621256351470947]
[3.8724663257598877]
[8.865593910217285]
[11.662158012390137]
[8.486285209655762]
[3.081376552581787]
[2.149573564529419]
[1.5088671445846558]
[1.6163581609725952]
[2.0993809700012207]
[2.0502398014068604]
[43.045284271240234]
[2.6719040870666504]
[7.998663902282715]
[1.5656946897506714]
[1.7115267515182495]
[8.6200590133667]
[2.3949549198150635]
[0.4793379604816437]
[1.2509819269180298]
[4.172441482543945]
[1.23027503490448]
[2.439566135406494]
[2.906057834625244]
[1.4004509449005127]
[2.948641777038574]
[3.2402191162109375]
[0.7174893021583557]
[0.81268709897995]
[8.966643333435059]
[0.7639111876487732]
[1.7903809547424316]
[2.3881640434265137]
[1.6100724935531616]
[1.629663109779358]
[2.7980237007141113]
[4.375550270080566]
[2.298823595046997]
[34.35939407348633]
[0.8666744232177734]
[9.334709167480469]
[1.078220248222351]
[1.0494688749313354]
[3.622238874435425]
[3.6280245780944824]
[78.12142944335938]
[4.009314060211182]
[1.4194148778915405]
[3.4232001304626465]
[2.6774163246154785]
[1.1053844690322876]
[5.176887035369873]
[0.8333344459533691]
[0.89629727602005]
[4.608328819274902]
[1.3781336545944214]
[1.917614459991455]
[3.007781744003296]
[1.6386626958847046]
[0.6675357222557068]
[7.949941635131836]
[2.5191233158111572]
[0.49725541472435]
[0.46206986904144287]
[4.314802169799805]
[2.4134223461151123]
[0.8748431205749512]
[1.1537261009216309]
[104.43387603759766]
[3.9643142223358154]
[17.986679077148438]
[7.240991115570068]
[1.4698759317398071]
[0.702148973941803]
[0.02985125221312046]
[1.8154640197753906]
[1.1782941818237305]
[2.1930270195007324]
[2.9664483070373535]
[0.5851783752441406]
[2.200223684310913]
[1.5986747741699219]
[0.09287279844284058]
[1.6117911338806152]
[25.703569412231445]
[0.39937126636505127]
[1.19635009765625]
[1.4720523357391357]
[1.4847906827926636]
[1.498477578163147]
[2.1756927967071533]
[1.635831594467163]
[2.445249319076538]
[18.30914878845215]
[2.8029847145080566]
[0.09880923479795456]
[0.19013184309005737]
[2.772498369216919]
[153.3315887451172]
[15.120949745178223]
[0.5149593949317932]
[3.7809808254241943]
[10.127104759216309]
[21.8032283782959]
[0.4782508611679077]
[3.061527729034424]
[1.3859553337097168]
[0.4026780426502228]
[0.9485337138175964]
[0.9780653119087219]
[0.715976357460022]
[1.5094718933105469]
[1.842377781867981]
[0.44650790095329285]
[11.371124267578125]
[8.114104270935059]
[0.19776825606822968]
[1.1658107042312622]
[4.623973369598389]
[2.580986976623535]
[1.1911243200302124]
[2.2518234252929688]
[1.0747272968292236]
[0.21619008481502533]
[0.37109455466270447]
[3.3635053634643555]
[0.9775974750518799]
[0.23091262578964233]
[0.42181023955345154]
[0.14485841989517212]
[1.026286005973816]
[1.5156378746032715]
[12.555610656738281]
[0.8854591250419617]
[1.8098491430282593]
[0.7611553072929382]
[0.3747655749320984]
[1.9991989135742188]
[1.772588849067688]
[5.300670623779297]
[1.608119249343872]
[1.2208229303359985]
[0.28770115971565247]
[0.5268104076385498]
[1931.9432373046875]
[0.4179898798465729]
[1.5338348150253296]
[2.9564685821533203]
[3.741752862930298]
[1.1343542337417603]
[3.3872265815734863]
[4.168020248413086]
[44.435184478759766]
[72.0120849609375]
[16.21046257019043]
[0.9390103220939636]
[1.1648545265197754]
[2.6962735652923584]
[4.553426742553711]
[0.5641183257102966]
[0.5525598526000977]
[2.6633825302124023]
[0.5256481170654297]
[4.793379306793213]
[8.900167465209961]
[8.388538360595703]
[11.33706283569336]
[16.049348831176758]
[10.681710243225098]
[1.4851820468902588]
[73.34684753417969]
[7.178033351898193]
[3.0023281574249268]
[63.109317779541016]
[9.626998901367188]
[2.0222835540771484]
[33.00716018676758]
[7.8014607429504395]
[1.5413163900375366]
[3.193403720855713]
[0.5946095585823059]
[4.356955051422119]
[4.529013156890869]
[1.2882604598999023]
[9.164326667785645]
[1.3896480798721313]
[2.8752453327178955]
[0.8710673451423645]
[0.2895384728908539]
[8.260626792907715]
[8.989380836486816]
[1.1451420783996582]
[3.255434036254883]
[0.6529431343078613]
[0.6338240504264832]
[2.0092334747314453]
[2.7466788291931152]
[28.502248764038086]
[0.3330317735671997]
[3926.441162109375]
[1.1895875930786133]
[2.622074842453003]
[1.2932666540145874]
[8.433581352233887]
[6.841513633728027]
[11.804548263549805]
[1.7473679780960083]
[7.761593818664551]
[6.332947254180908]
[8.168148040771484]
[3.846139430999756]
[21.933786392211914]
[25.288389205932617]
[13.32491683959961]
[31.98434066772461]
[29.626413345336914]
[10.2201566696167]
[83.38367462158203]
[14.609637260437012]
[8.06261920928955]
[90.96222686767578]
[28.488697052001953]
[3.6457152366638184]
[14.11621379852295]
[29.19778060913086]
[35.14167404174805]
[0.353325754404068]
[59.85340881347656]
[9.563935279846191]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.503955841064453]
[17.889644622802734]
[3.1816866397857666]
[21.53707504272461]
[0.47258761525154114]
[0.9628366231918335]
[1.1572929620742798]
[0.996350884437561]
[16.585586547851562]
[0.8563987612724304]
[1.6228704452514648]
[0.7036635875701904]
[6.8168768882751465]
[8.351604461669922]
[2.2975471019744873]
[68.21556854248047]
[5.026376724243164]
[0.5737659335136414]
[29.636310577392578]
[0.325318306684494]
[248.47860717773438]
[14.123530387878418]
[2.155228853225708]
[13.151389122009277]
[0.27647748589515686]
[45.902992248535156]
[2.9030683040618896]
[4.891558647155762]
[9.870171546936035]
[0.28450578451156616]
[18.914119720458984]
[29.95175552368164]
[2.356614589691162]
[0.08491025865077972]
[5.207955837249756]
[4.7209296226501465]
[0.8625960350036621]
[10.00202751159668]
[0.21045029163360596]
[3725.660400390625]
[107.31050872802734]
[8.168865203857422]
[3.7837917804718018]
[5.739205837249756]
[2.5157947540283203]
[28.54378890991211]
[17.183090209960938]
[0.2166895717382431]
[398.0671081542969]
[1.687150239944458]
[2.145831346511841]
[4.360781669616699]
[26.26904296875]
[14.45545768737793]
[5.696393013000488]
[8.736393928527832]
[17.997413635253906]
[1.8010107278823853]
[9.558011054992676]
[11.788660049438477]
[3.394779920578003]
[1.1124554872512817]
[5.036253452301025]
[31.044971466064453]
[17.23786163330078]
[5.296392440795898]
[3.3553619384765625]
[17.45461082458496]
[10.361108779907227]
[2.429791212081909]
[1.1222567558288574]
[5.76753044128418]
[4.510520935058594]
[29.338857650756836]
[0.4283630847930908]
[2.977351188659668]
[10.444698333740234]
[24.33917236328125]
[5.034713268280029]
[24.946001052856445]
[12.349745750427246]
[21.214599609375]
[1.229349136352539]
[12.89459228515625]
[0.7002835273742676]
[3.991145610809326]
[1.7687139511108398]
[4.292313098907471]
[1.8150222301483154]
[20.643957138061523]
[2.4901483058929443]
[2.069713592529297]
[4.598666667938232]
[1.1197987794876099]
[16.84440803527832]
[2.0503854751586914]
[7.364944934844971]
[1.6469224691390991]
[141.98770141601562]
[2.03022837638855]
[0.3593790531158447]
[3.0514442920684814]
[607.3319702148438]
[14.218087196350098]
[2.577758550643921]
[4.155885696411133]
[2.9940900802612305]
[4.661866188049316]
[16.59444808959961]
[8.775978088378906]
[3.4215073585510254]
[2.1875252723693848]
[0.8410847187042236]
[6.145760536193848]
[2.636105537414551]
[1.4089607000350952]
[29.693923950195312]
[1.4534614086151123]
[0.9997695684432983]
[4.235408782958984]
[1.3493657112121582]
[2.0259621143341064]
[3.2067763805389404]
[0.28275907039642334]
[1.825738549232483]
[2.8227078914642334]
[2.275486707687378]
[3.7193026542663574]
[0.41678187251091003]
[0.6536823511123657]
[21.800661087036133]
[12.271052360534668]
[0.5603632926940918]
[3.2993218898773193]
[0.9126406311988831]
[1.4247435331344604]
[8.625160217285156]
[1.3788609504699707]
[2.646618604660034]
[0.976352334022522]
[5.132199764251709]
[1.638911485671997]
[0.5118027329444885]
[2.446702003479004]
[1.7074382305145264]
[1.4582815170288086]
[2.044243574142456]
[0.2717086374759674]
[11.710798263549805]
[2.1725711822509766]
[0.4769939184188843]
[256.8894348144531]
[0.9112004637718201]
[35.907955169677734]
[0.2832346260547638]
[0.47415146231651306]
[70.15569305419922]
[1.7333203554153442]
[4.148789882659912]
[1.4695242643356323]
[1.2455849647521973]
[0.8988780379295349]
[2.2635138034820557]
[23.247447967529297]
[1.3929307460784912]
[2.632997989654541]
[1.4784300327301025]
[1.7381141185760498]
[3.2641894817352295]
[145.51148986816406]
[3.8435823917388916]
[3.052706718444824]
[1.787339448928833]
[80.42398071289062]
[4.939871311187744]
[0.4049242436885834]
[1.9207696914672852]
[1.4137513637542725]
[8.103126525878906]
[0.2868455946445465]
[0.6124366521835327]
[1.1129838228225708]
[0.1232658326625824]
[12.778820037841797]
[2.4848291873931885]
[0.2760346829891205]
[0.8899481296539307]
[2.3135428428649902]
[0.17587779462337494]
[0.8387778401374817]
[124.9819564819336]
[1.412432074546814]
[2.457550048828125]
[1.198783278465271]
[18.99199867248535]
[0.3881664574146271]
[23.362287521362305]
[10.927934646606445]
[16.009082794189453]
[3.317887783050537]
[1.1321815252304077]
[11.382750511169434]
[42.86436080932617]
[2.4788548946380615]
[2.900521755218506]
[3.402104139328003]
[1.0464423894882202]
[1.8748432397842407]
[1.6048376560211182]
[23.953691482543945]
[6.050403594970703]
[1.1330478191375732]
[510.37628173828125]
[0.8516606688499451]
[15.384522438049316]
[0.1473170667886734]
[0.49162888526916504]
[9.780776977539062]
[2.1635043621063232]
[5.200110912322998]
[1.6690105199813843]
[0.9855509996414185]
[0.9152907729148865]
[5.253265857696533]
[1.4682344198226929]
[0.07044170051813126]
[17.498964309692383]
[2.1966962814331055]
[1.625301480293274]
[2.050837516784668]
[1.1117991209030151]
[1.7760947942733765]
[0.5292233824729919]
[12.559517860412598]
[6.295487880706787]
[3.6006226539611816]
[0.6967253088951111]
[3.842238187789917]
[0.503439724445343]
[1.0037368535995483]
[0.977938711643219]
[1.8827303647994995]
[0.3436579406261444]
[4.47568416595459]
[1.3403326272964478]
[3.7950000762939453]
[3.846130132675171]
[5.503190517425537]
[0.6766054034233093]
[0.5507890582084656]
[0.1293931007385254]
[0.20114639401435852]
[2.7827134132385254]
[1.660071611404419]
[0.498291552066803]
[1160.7919921875]
[20.015552520751953]
[0.869422197341919]
[14.123165130615234]
[0.3671351671218872]
[5.879544734954834]
[2.235762119293213]
[4.764674186706543]
[2.9475879669189453]
[0.39187777042388916]
[0.8704928755760193]
[0.8853288292884827]
[2.064506769180298]
[2.8445169925689697]
[7.073122978210449]
[3.4872655868530273]
[0.3852182626724243]
[3.0174472332000732]
[6.333421230316162]
[1.421197772026062]
[0.8358247876167297]
[2.782547950744629]
[1.9792546033859253]
[3.375441074371338]
[0.4287922978401184]
[0.8482162356376648]
[3.7279164791107178]
[1.1400871276855469]
[0.11723819375038147]
[74.85041809082031]
[0.843110203742981]
[16.36872100830078]
[1.9227560758590698]
[5.847487926483154]
[0.2775520384311676]
[9.168190002441406]
[10.117457389831543]
[26.006399154663086]
[35.97224807739258]
[6.132286548614502]
[40.59196472167969]
[47.97398376464844]
[1.9917304515838623]
[3.2474756240844727]
[7.8380608558654785]
[0.14502748847007751]
[2.964707136154175]
[7.039677143096924]
[2.8386480808258057]
[1.7363361120224]
[0.6447324156761169]
[10.472494125366211]
[1.5828012228012085]
[4.575632095336914]
[30.865747451782227]
[6.345683574676514]
[0.720543384552002]
[0.06922909617424011]
[8.284854888916016]
[1.9914151430130005]
[8.022067070007324]
[0.7042707204818726]
[0.8139083981513977]
[0.9666268229484558]
[0.9201279282569885]
[0.7739424705505371]
[0.7839682102203369]
[18.52935791015625]
[1.3760217428207397]
[1.0483053922653198]
[17.50005531311035]
[21.4387264251709]
[0.40692511200904846]
[23.08251190185547]
[4.28851842880249]
[9.17560863494873]
[9.730932235717773]
[3.7573904991149902]
[0.8580719828605652]
[2.336228847503662]
[0.5019282698631287]
[3.956472158432007]
[0.6640963554382324]
[0.6991544365882874]
[1.1111620664596558]
[3.4251513481140137]
[4.264451026916504]
[0.5052501559257507]
[1.8294905424118042]
[0.7182433605194092]
[0.9589130282402039]
[0.7420673966407776]
[11.187592506408691]
[1.9528555870056152]
[0.5995610952377319]
[6.394676685333252]
[7.273715019226074]
[47.40446472167969]
[4.813722133636475]
[2.8491132259368896]
[1.0488464832305908]
[1.4688953161239624]
[1.574435830116272]
[2.867363214492798]
[2.3477115631103516]
[0.27204716205596924]
[1.0410418510437012]
[0.18769627809524536]
[7.447445869445801]
[10.009966850280762]
[2.387883186340332]
[9.456367492675781]
[1.8007988929748535]
[2.9557974338531494]
[1.3165156841278076]
[1.468934178352356]
[5.480123996734619]
[4.355743885040283]
[3.961909294128418]
[4.349120616912842]
[1.0595341920852661]
[0.8810970783233643]
[3.259840488433838]
[0.912752628326416]
[0.3362627327442169]
[2.130091667175293]
[2.9354708194732666]
[15.513040542602539]
[0.879472553730011]
[2.3943886756896973]
[4.608566761016846]
[0.9708489179611206]
[26.453702926635742]
[6.529265880584717]
[5.661448955535889]
[1.1214957237243652]
[0.4949352741241455]
[2.2503576278686523]
[0.4384152889251709]
[1.246347188949585]
[0.260597825050354]
[4.998738765716553]
[3.5170493125915527]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.13689832389354706]
[2.044398069381714]
[13.065896987915039]
[0.16542048752307892]
[0.7839540839195251]
[1.2789051532745361]
[1.1476056575775146]
[12.776322364807129]
[3.171673059463501]
[15.056443214416504]
[8.941289901733398]
[0.7216387391090393]
[0.6294813752174377]
[1.6265418529510498]
[0.8945367336273193]
[0.8359135389328003]
[10.353636741638184]
[0.9857965111732483]
[1.8929388523101807]
[0.07889767736196518]
[4.5514302253723145]
[3.4006943702697754]
[2.731788396835327]
[0.459075003862381]
[2.2696754932403564]
[2.785371780395508]
[1.2700066566467285]
[1.549747109413147]
[3.9236013889312744]
[3.4069762229919434]
[0.6007829308509827]
[0.8457350730895996]
[0.6129114627838135]
[2.9778575897216797]
[0.13310760259628296]
[1.3453973531723022]
[1.3538349866867065]
[0.2670624852180481]
[26.163475036621094]
[1.8000816106796265]
[50.9494514465332]
[3.4177510738372803]
[2.6977553367614746]
[2.241583824157715]
[0.17455631494522095]
[0.7646220326423645]
[3.729440689086914]
[0.1685662865638733]
[0.35231781005859375]
[1.0360661745071411]
[0.5139396786689758]
[1.0426863431930542]
[2.3859469890594482]
[2.243882417678833]
[3.026798963546753]
[6.454317569732666]
[3.5363047122955322]
[9.650721549987793]
[12.774598121643066]
[3.1602749824523926]
[0.8437209129333496]
[1.5614821910858154]
[0.42613938450813293]
[1.7584123611450195]
[1.6675195693969727]
[0.30957290530204773]
[1.0392228364944458]
[1.16582190990448]
[2.6853830814361572]
[6.81898307800293]
[3.79597806930542]
[1.3179526329040527]
[6.8966965675354]
[54.6093635559082]
[10.880454063415527]
[34.569366455078125]
[4.167774200439453]
[1.7113794088363647]
[8.565533638000488]
[1.187450885772705]
[0.743788480758667]
[28.95836639404297]
[61.52128601074219]
[1.7996337413787842]
[0.5125452280044556]
[5.043531894683838]
[0.49042901396751404]
[2.0260112285614014]
[1.3203997611999512]
[0.6369183659553528]
[0.2611485719680786]
[0.8684076070785522]
[0.6875072717666626]
[2.750772714614868]
[1.7409172058105469]
[0.9632946252822876]
[2.4900808334350586]
[7.158252716064453]
[17.440248489379883]
[50.33335494995117]
[1.3988550901412964]
[13.00072956085205]
[1.3721193075180054]
[0.3820033371448517]
[0.7013304233551025]
[0.6159622073173523]
[2.550182580947876]
[0.9851763844490051]
[1.7258977890014648]
[0.7426397204399109]
[2.700244188308716]
[0.35727593302726746]
[13.976645469665527]
[0.7386902570724487]
[2.383544683456421]
[1.6094298362731934]
[7.4713850021362305]
[17.276165008544922]
[2.178955078125]
[12.884703636169434]
[1.596368670463562]
[0.8513350486755371]
[1.0457909107208252]
[1.3412728309631348]
[2.9871203899383545]
[1.274792194366455]
[0.4672907888889313]
[36.202877044677734]
[1.877794623374939]
[1.602073311805725]
[0.08737839013338089]
[7.276124477386475]
[188.4429473876953]
[0.17423903942108154]
[1.086808204650879]
[1.8296808004379272]
[1.3782358169555664]
[8.13396167755127]
[4.440446853637695]
[4.4111433029174805]
[239.72726440429688]
[9.34963607788086]
[0.9621826410293579]
[2.514798164367676]
[10.611054420471191]
[1.1745221614837646]
[2.86224365234375]
[15.673422813415527]
[0.8457404971122742]
[2.306763172149658]
[2.577516555786133]
[0.25419875979423523]
[0.7732502818107605]
[0.2346307784318924]
[0.3824848234653473]
[0.5305887460708618]
[13.523674011230469]
[2.7441320419311523]
[3.664149761199951]
[1.5085949897766113]
[2.4673919677734375]
[187.14682006835938]
[1.5833461284637451]
[0.5398061275482178]
[3.555250644683838]
[9.470787048339844]
[0.4409732520580292]
[0.6602662801742554]
[12.617103576660156]
[9.269232749938965]
[11.346551895141602]
[0.7960581183433533]
[1.6230450868606567]
[5.589181900024414]
[0.2034711092710495]
[1.158860445022583]
[0.6503918170928955]
[0.01726282201707363]
[2.401113510131836]
[0.13397535681724548]
[0.7169772982597351]
[0.5293487310409546]
[3.7227659225463867]
[1.3286398649215698]
[0.614392876625061]
[1.139866590499878]
[2.056640386581421]
[0.11210764944553375]
[1.075154423713684]
[13.6082181930542]
[4.771240234375]
[16.269153594970703]
[3.6533215045928955]
[0.09765174239873886]
[7.944275379180908]
[1.078800082206726]
[0.290355920791626]
[0.6138851046562195]
[1.7002660036087036]
[2.2937328815460205]
[1.6159100532531738]
[9.094181060791016]
[3.0509939193725586]
[0.9389749765396118]
[1.1678693294525146]
[2.106966018676758]
[0.7620384097099304]
[0.11697148531675339]
[0.826393723487854]
[0.8027809262275696]
[0.13278728723526]
[0.23571518063545227]
[0.7314205765724182]
[1.6378648281097412]
[0.49252453446388245]
[9.405747413635254]
[0.24687084555625916]
[0.69482421875]
[1.390575885772705]
[2.001082181930542]
[0.19047468900680542]
[1.9147827625274658]
[12.518780708312988]
[2.829322576522827]
[0.939429521560669]
[0.04790697991847992]
[2.5263779163360596]
[1.0540846586227417]
[1.3364068269729614]
[1.736051082611084]
[1.1869254112243652]
[3.4836513996124268]
[2.7626941204071045]
[0.6066054701805115]
[1.0182461738586426]
[1.011540412902832]
[0.9677734971046448]
[0.5643165707588196]
[0.16417954862117767]
[0.718719482421875]
[0.21023425459861755]
[2.7974984645843506]
[2.5047848224639893]
[3.1870615482330322]
[2.6650867462158203]
[12.580205917358398]
[1.6501753330230713]
[1.3428809642791748]
[8.03658676147461]
[0.7332001328468323]
[1.0002954006195068]
[0.5007188320159912]
[0.9665479063987732]
[1.2327817678451538]
[0.852130115032196]
[3858.9306640625]
[2.418576240539551]
[5.850229263305664]
[0.10328255593776703]
[2.19602108001709]
[1.3721098899841309]
[2.147613286972046]
[6.402629375457764]
[2.0848941802978516]
[37.36027908325195]
[13.501875877380371]
[9.080179214477539]
[5.2164082527160645]
[38.668704986572266]
[9.597119331359863]
[6.399038314819336]
[14.835485458374023]
[18.638687133789062]
[106.24899291992188]
[4.318244934082031]
[1.1357827186584473]
[24.037694931030273]
[2.3009679317474365]
[40.775672912597656]
[8.486539840698242]
[5.467034339904785]
[7.357047080993652]
[4.395928859710693]
[1.1748626232147217]
[21.958738327026367]
[12.289786338806152]
[2.4283671379089355]
[7.801788806915283]
[5.478646755218506]
[4.326618194580078]
[0.06614866107702255]
[10.978658676147461]
[8.133441925048828]
[12.017029762268066]
[10.398892402648926]
[7.648924350738525]
[11.865068435668945]
[1.320085048675537]
[1.4009872674942017]
[20.941173553466797]
[9.783084869384766]
[49.8157958984375]
[12.341594696044922]
[7.296501636505127]
[4.045405387878418]
[4.255216598510742]
[2.869706630706787]
[186.57098388671875]
[0.3814280033111572]
[0.5709896683692932]
[2.685372829437256]
[2.307387351989746]
[16.45688247680664]
[27.519044876098633]
[2.888826847076416]
[61.36073684692383]
[3.370944023132324]
[8.089839935302734]
[1.3102587461471558]
[17.059240341186523]
[10.413792610168457]
[0.07354681193828583]
[2.02703857421875]
[2.770847797393799]
[2.895401954650879]
[4.715725898742676]
[0.5074928402900696]
[3.3862831592559814]
[1.9703538417816162]
[12.666248321533203]
[2.090996026992798]
[3.905454158782959]
[0.0709884837269783]
[18.7834529876709]
[3.2980082035064697]
[7.307953357696533]
[2.3911969661712646]
[1.6276507377624512]
[1.0527280569076538]
[1.754820704460144]
[2.833160161972046]
[1.8889384269714355]
[1.5402288436889648]
[21.936033248901367]
[27.908946990966797]
[3.076688766479492]
[2.6412110328674316]
[0.23993755877017975]
[0.7794655561447144]
[0.7219693064689636]
[0.00725147919729352]
[3.6819443702697754]
[2.204375743865967]
[0.7252369523048401]
[9.63771915435791]
[1.2703635692596436]
[4.268135070800781]
[4.077965259552002]
[4.706370830535889]
[0.3828991949558258]
[1.768630027770996]
[0.7898727655410767]
[40.469337463378906]
[0.16197246313095093]
[9.680408477783203]
[2.5638797283172607]
[2.2704355716705322]
[176.9310302734375]
[2.4066977500915527]
[3.2097949981689453]
[4.215787410736084]
[8.771992683410645]
[1.7165327072143555]
[1.1834253072738647]
[1.885050654411316]
[1.970365047454834]
[7.078266143798828]
[3.610525131225586]
[1.5339349508285522]
[2.3081443309783936]
[0.9053991436958313]
[1.7026563882827759]
[1.4470906257629395]
[1.9075373411178589]
[2.534241199493408]
[0.5776766538619995]
[5.499941825866699]
[13.752580642700195]
[2.80593204498291]
[0.5487827062606812]
[27.360200881958008]
[3.5909154415130615]
[1.3899286985397339]
[1.4580961465835571]
[2813.83251953125]
[2.5059404373168945]
[1.0452744960784912]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.07894200831651688]
[19.005443572998047]
[2061.3037109375]
[2.6584746837615967]
[4.248977184295654]
[3.5686261653900146]
[2.413295269012451]
[3.457712173461914]
[0.40631571412086487]
[33.242061614990234]
[0.5711643695831299]
[1.4861204624176025]
[16.716785430908203]
[2.304234504699707]
[0.04987352341413498]
[2.478518486022949]
[63.50346374511719]
[4.030333042144775]
[12.115752220153809]
[8.183918952941895]
[40.4482536315918]
[255.02056884765625]
[18.00667953491211]
[5.829855442047119]
[3.6154842376708984]
[40.245121002197266]
[4.9527506828308105]
[6.85116720199585]
[5.579715728759766]
[0.9528852701187134]
[6.517423629760742]
[1.04690682888031]
[3.5821738243103027]
[3.7907750606536865]
[1.2827790975570679]
[12.843740463256836]
[3.8329544067382812]
[3.905996084213257]
[2.6409311294555664]
[61.352115631103516]
[0.40365657210350037]
[6.052361965179443]
[1.3639063835144043]
[3.935109853744507]
[0.7678201794624329]
[2.9091200828552246]
[1.6870701313018799]
[1.7427253723144531]
[0.6725257039070129]
[1.4624122381210327]
[0.1347469836473465]
[1.8488863706588745]
[0.27461540699005127]
[41.8432731628418]
[2.6202552318573]
[0.14763981103897095]
[0.30891531705856323]
[2.5878055095672607]
[1.150376796722412]
[28.48711585998535]
[26.88616180419922]
[2.1675655841827393]
[1.1049818992614746]
[1.6403144598007202]
[0.5071055293083191]
[2.4452390670776367]
[11.610634803771973]
[36.77126693725586]
[3.79498291015625]
[5.0515217781066895]
[1.7518292665481567]
[9.705850601196289]
[67.04582214355469]
[0.768527090549469]
[4.167911052703857]
[0.1832941770553589]
[37.30154037475586]
[2.2813730239868164]
[0.15081846714019775]
[10.383598327636719]
[1117.274658203125]
[0.19407375156879425]
[2.049801826477051]
[1.1005165576934814]
[0.4386119842529297]
[0.4388000965118408]
[1.703882098197937]
[0.6044106483459473]
[0.1491709202528]
[4.1075544357299805]
[4.437265396118164]
[21.037744522094727]
[90.86128997802734]
[3.084261894226074]
[3.1076979637145996]
[4.1365275382995605]
[2.7194955348968506]
[0.2848217785358429]
[5.8694987297058105]
[9.893932342529297]
[4.122927665710449]
[10.15107536315918]
[192.0339813232422]
[0.6995497941970825]
[0.37207943201065063]
[14.16979694366455]
[537.9637451171875]
[11.116406440734863]
[0.9689314365386963]
[86.46957397460938]
[16.855783462524414]
[8.110353469848633]
[1.6980807781219482]
[7.430895805358887]
[2.815112590789795]
[7.2134175300598145]
[1653.5111083984375]
[27.207841873168945]
[26.226137161254883]
[4.517898082733154]
[4.633770942687988]
[2.8414347171783447]
[76.56854248046875]
[59.30447769165039]
[3.0823168754577637]
[1.3563984632492065]
[1.217900276184082]
[0.7125194072723389]
[190.7548065185547]
[1.3492918014526367]
[1.5875526666641235]
[9.905656814575195]
[0.4911079704761505]
[173.3078155517578]
[3.6705052852630615]
[4.222174644470215]
[3.2066638469696045]
[15.502355575561523]
[2.6935110092163086]
[1.3269665241241455]
[2.961500883102417]
[0.3353651463985443]
[2.9922091960906982]
[12.05457878112793]
[3.7059197425842285]
[2.1224441528320312]
[4.096475124359131]
[2.2037885189056396]
[0.43034863471984863]
[9.231668472290039]
[0.014124240726232529]
[10.22902774810791]
[0.5909563302993774]
[3.4535138607025146]
[1.083005428314209]
[3.612936496734619]
[50.18730163574219]
[4.382900714874268]
[1.6784650087356567]
[1.8942567110061646]
[264.2584228515625]
[3.9651596546173096]
[0.734870195388794]
[3.48127818107605]
[1.1489708423614502]
[15.817861557006836]
[71.74555969238281]
[1.4493441581726074]
[0.3560622036457062]
[1.0623599290847778]
[24.726499557495117]
[0.3394806385040283]
[1.2105463743209839]
[0.4567849338054657]
[2.016937494277954]
[0.5075059533119202]
[1.2471436262130737]
[1.3300482034683228]
[19.234420776367188]
[1.3912229537963867]
[1.8549531698226929]
[15.677094459533691]
[1.8097261190414429]
[0.2846188545227051]
[20.494977951049805]
[0.6092742681503296]
[11.0551176071167]
[0.5979368686676025]
[2.3700571060180664]
[3.0291635990142822]
[2.0325446128845215]
[14.767342567443848]
[1.018249750137329]
[2.346672534942627]
[5.945018291473389]
[2.0146443843841553]
[17.918758392333984]
[3.634930372238159]
[0.8469709157943726]
[5.907482147216797]
[0.3984602689743042]
[1.7823562622070312]
[1.2362006902694702]
[4.728190898895264]
[0.8460950255393982]
[0.49089980125427246]
[2.34930157661438]
[4.543990612030029]
[1.830847144126892]
[0.6061655282974243]
[0.208809494972229]
[16.218202590942383]
[9.408535957336426]
[2.1301138401031494]
[0.502875030040741]
[7.765058994293213]
[20.706192016601562]
[8.230700492858887]
[3.5342495441436768]
[16.136798858642578]
[0.5063723921775818]
[0.550615131855011]
[10.9483642578125]
[106.12809753417969]
[2.456181526184082]
[0.621720552444458]
[0.28480055928230286]
[0.29985538125038147]
[101.46446990966797]
[1.4504207372665405]
[3.0826549530029297]
[7.452390193939209]
[2.519503116607666]
[1.9522202014923096]
[0.678680956363678]
[2.406541109085083]
[0.22354286909103394]
[1896.4464111328125]
[5.841201305389404]
[0.2377525269985199]
[0.7762210369110107]
[2.3649628162384033]
[13.433691024780273]
[3.697072744369507]
[4.156110763549805]
[3.9331252574920654]
[1.3849613666534424]
[2.2477619647979736]
[4.123191833496094]
[0.9090423583984375]
[12.86131477355957]
[109.30035400390625]
[1.9993606805801392]
[1.6416467428207397]
[0.38995224237442017]
[1.0310633182525635]
[0.3047948181629181]
[134.110595703125]
[0.3502982258796692]
[1.4465426206588745]
[20.448726654052734]
[58.43118667602539]
[11.2465181350708]
[2.4195644855499268]
[0.2614847421646118]
[64.40387725830078]
[1.2861361503601074]
[4.346475124359131]
[0.8396497964859009]
[2.6650209426879883]
[5.51273250579834]
[20.279626846313477]
[54.19130325317383]
[0.22064554691314697]
[5.391482353210449]
[17.809154510498047]
[5.671224594116211]
[9.842245101928711]
[25.99471664428711]
[3.3122153282165527]
[14.152963638305664]
[0.7718015313148499]
[0.4682268798351288]
[499.21661376953125]
[6.823078632354736]
[3.362203359603882]
[2.225419759750366]
[1.408595085144043]
[0.0577433779835701]
[0.1386462152004242]
[1.7427908182144165]
[93.29510498046875]
[7.505715370178223]
[2.761350393295288]
[2.605961322784424]
[2.6176509857177734]
[14.402570724487305]
[1.9301238059997559]
[0.8553339242935181]
[0.01169968955218792]
[2.4593677520751953]
[11.968896865844727]
[651.1595458984375]
[13.844971656799316]
[4.226870536804199]
[10.098417282104492]
[11.20752239227295]
[1.3708938360214233]
[454.2825927734375]
[0.47852763533592224]
[4.829226970672607]
[6.592188835144043]
[3.2178914546966553]
[6.5649590492248535]
[4.86905574798584]
[53.59135437011719]
[3.80381441116333]
[51.44242858886719]
[15.086383819580078]
[5.471873760223389]
[3.4793431758880615]
[2.262371778488159]
[4.916952133178711]
[2.237698554992676]
[4.3835062980651855]
[0.27477410435676575]
[0.9129091501235962]
[0.8680703043937683]
[2.178724765777588]
[7.576766490936279]
[1.128012776374817]
[0.691409170627594]
[2.746103286743164]
[163.87765502929688]
[1.5936030149459839]
[7.9580488204956055]
[0.28259238600730896]
[1.6530362367630005]
[0.5237284302711487]
[2.725346565246582]
[3.0027217864990234]
[6.247474193572998]
[1.506807804107666]
[0.8022780418395996]
[2.626119375228882]
[2.2507681846618652]
[1.6501253843307495]
[13.12282943725586]
[0.9955184459686279]
[2.492335081100464]
[0.28076407313346863]
[9.205146789550781]
[5.4628729820251465]
[13.743690490722656]
[12.165626525878906]
[2.84218692779541]
[0.621649980545044]
[0.4579862356185913]
[17.25774574279785]
[4.109068393707275]
[0.678281307220459]
[2.0671091079711914]
[2.4165351390838623]
[2.505807399749756]
[84.1001968383789]
[1.8685187101364136]
[4.617746353149414]
[1.5852808952331543]
[0.2973580062389374]
[1.6516283750534058]
[2.0822784900665283]
[1.3504350185394287]
[8.988068580627441]
[0.3229365646839142]
[3.114853858947754]
[2.644973039627075]
[32.437076568603516]
[3.77580189704895]
[3.1491456031799316]
[4.2583537101745605]
[2.509486436843872]
[0.9193505644798279]
[2.424008369445801]
[0.03832610324025154]
[4.890732288360596]
[14.145885467529297]
[1.4677557945251465]
[3.041475534439087]
[1.7278286218643188]
[44.589725494384766]
[0.1525309681892395]
[0.26834636926651]
[23.999387741088867]
[1.3346749544143677]
[2.1753926277160645]
[1.4310836791992188]
[2.9316954612731934]
[0.7411899566650391]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.9532378911972046]
[0.9963731169700623]
[1.6344609260559082]
[0.8345799446105957]
[1.699269413948059]
[0.5192705988883972]
[2.1329243183135986]
[0.32941827178001404]
[0.8363193273544312]
[30.891847610473633]
[3.2599575519561768]
[0.8226128220558167]
[3.779921293258667]
[0.6130948066711426]
[1.6281161308288574]
[2.5143418312072754]
[6.531388759613037]
[2.1573212146759033]
[0.805440366268158]
[1.4089226722717285]
[2.0752310752868652]
[1.7321841716766357]
[0.4568402171134949]
[0.8899027109146118]
[0.4899562895298004]
[1.1462172269821167]
[0.46890175342559814]
[7.712054252624512]
[16.96617889404297]
[0.19125869870185852]
[0.2713847756385803]
[0.02484985627233982]
[0.7237117886543274]
[1.497246503829956]
[1.5300805568695068]
[2.3237524032592773]
[0.7208598256111145]
[1.7354594469070435]
[0.3888905346393585]
[553.3297119140625]
[37.27299880981445]
[1.2810685634613037]
[86.09454345703125]
[1.385847806930542]
[13.070379257202148]
[2.3414320945739746]
[2.124903440475464]
[0.5097231864929199]
[2.082960367202759]
[1.3393408060073853]
[22.27176284790039]
[2.269374132156372]
[45.625022888183594]
[1.307785987854004]
[103.61836242675781]
[11.297750473022461]
[1.4169540405273438]
[3.2140936851501465]
[2.394099712371826]
[1.0155025720596313]
[1.7158221006393433]
[1.678897738456726]
[0.3183048963546753]
[2.264270067214966]
[1.3016372919082642]
[1.981460452079773]
[1.3026490211486816]
[1.2571239471435547]
[3.8339202404022217]
[2.833677291870117]
[46.56296920776367]
[3.2608108520507812]
[44.6866569519043]
[0.038205042481422424]
[0.5976643562316895]
[4.5325398445129395]
[0.8476251363754272]
[2.216524362564087]
[1.5893179178237915]
[2.1425981521606445]
[5.4561004638671875]
[0.7624958157539368]
[18.842805862426758]
[1.820977807044983]
[0.9085742831230164]
[1.3491804599761963]
[0.6464454531669617]
[1.593663215637207]
[0.37170520424842834]
[0.4518139660358429]
[2.138988971710205]
[1.0459721088409424]
[2.0918471813201904]
[4.873264312744141]
[1.0700148344039917]
[3.0915582180023193]
[3.3278353214263916]
[2.573864221572876]
[0.2692841589450836]
[0.6736562252044678]
[52.69482421875]
[0.6881381273269653]
[3.3305251598358154]
[4.037571907043457]
[1.9695640802383423]
[4.387331008911133]
[0.7584354281425476]
[3.6784827709198]
[64.71477508544922]
[1.2214524745941162]
[1.6445297002792358]
[40.89253234863281]
[2.51962947845459]
[3.345857620239258]
[0.8696727156639099]
[12.6579008102417]
[6.907896518707275]
[145.0045928955078]
[5.4628167152404785]
[4.520875453948975]
[1.3622639179229736]
[3.856961727142334]
[4.180372714996338]
[3.001842737197876]
[2.079932928085327]
[0.29873114824295044]
[1.0515117645263672]
[6.46600341796875]
[1.2131154537200928]
[8.215141296386719]
[82.69245910644531]
[1.7244030237197876]
[0.018031787127256393]
[1.4167661666870117]
[4.411802291870117]
[0.2112266719341278]
[4.131163597106934]
[1.0369975566864014]
[2.7777559757232666]
[1.5051753520965576]
[0.28923743963241577]
[0.3829071521759033]
[1.4790167808532715]
[45.875640869140625]
[1.8237239122390747]
[0.7833940982818604]
[13.433733940124512]
[3.4621384143829346]
[0.22262386977672577]
[39.1635856628418]
[0.5292036533355713]
[0.48604926466941833]
[0.7057586908340454]
[2.208923578262329]
[1.0454392433166504]
[6.421648979187012]
[1.9581025838851929]
[1.3074454069137573]
[0.9023751616477966]
[20.33167266845703]
[19.147153854370117]
[0.7288448810577393]
[4.5413031578063965]
[1.59849214553833]
[0.952206015586853]
[0.49265381693840027]
[0.2475176751613617]
[1.847084403038025]
[1.2637537717819214]
[0.6696382164955139]
[0.5781023502349854]
[43.96170425415039]
[0.4417138993740082]
[78.05023193359375]
[1.0414046049118042]
[11.887286186218262]
[1.2098453044891357]
[3.922886610031128]
[0.3781799077987671]
[1.8228987455368042]
[8.90335464477539]
[4.9218950271606445]
[0.18393899500370026]
[15.841268539428711]
[11.25860595703125]
[0.5925313830375671]
[1.776021122932434]
[20.68475341796875]
[0.4392273724079132]
[4.105079650878906]
[2.8975272178649902]
[2.165348768234253]
[1.9210928678512573]
[3.6951231956481934]
[4.804588794708252]
[9.269601821899414]
[11.210074424743652]
[2.8470993041992188]
[1.1064668893814087]
[1.5141137838363647]
[0.9448119401931763]
[22.597856521606445]
[12.023842811584473]
[0.6583238840103149]
[0.44064751267433167]
[0.668179988861084]
[0.7325894832611084]
[0.3087719976902008]
[0.16812193393707275]
[0.46012428402900696]
[1.4588383436203003]
[0.2127479761838913]
[1.5786880254745483]
[1.9315743446350098]
[1.5812913179397583]
[1.2049025297164917]
[1.800080418586731]
[0.6850818395614624]
[0.8068791031837463]
[13.438607215881348]
[8.231744766235352]
[0.18435786664485931]
[0.9753130078315735]
[1.4856773614883423]
[2.3444793224334717]
[1.5090816020965576]
[2.920736789703369]
[25.022777557373047]
[1.014634370803833]
[0.44771984219551086]
[0.583871066570282]
[1.3395403623580933]
[2.977790594100952]
[0.5396260619163513]
[2.5316615104675293]
[1.3182963132858276]
[0.6869438886642456]
[0.7132278680801392]
[0.16435857117176056]
[0.47240105271339417]
[2.625823736190796]
[6.658891201019287]
[2.588648796081543]
[463.34405517578125]
[0.7250779867172241]
[0.2361047863960266]
[0.5569387674331665]
[0.9147585034370422]
[0.14972950518131256]
[0.9361362457275391]
[7.025641441345215]
[16.120407104492188]
[0.5689797401428223]
[2.596409320831299]
[2.556159496307373]
[0.06307778507471085]
[1.7744708061218262]
[2.449843645095825]
[1.7331359386444092]
[2.1620635986328125]
[1.109120488166809]
[2.3968536853790283]
[6.888726711273193]
[3.3163862228393555]
[32.96739196777344]
[4.539663314819336]
[2.6278226375579834]
[6.527171611785889]
[2.387235403060913]
[0.029224012047052383]
[0.6445028781890869]
[0.838104248046875]
[3.975815534591675]
[0.6901923418045044]
[3.7173264026641846]
[51.656166076660156]
[1.4089285135269165]
[886.8175048828125]
[0.6033703088760376]
[8.930005073547363]
[4.648525238037109]
[1.217262864112854]
[1.6332882642745972]
[0.9720622897148132]
[0.4838120937347412]
[1.01973295211792]
[7.748742580413818]
[0.1216394454240799]
[1.9626736640930176]
[0.9954836964607239]
[0.6689804792404175]
[4.06272029876709]
[3.3113317489624023]
[1.5146348476409912]
[1.2863034009933472]
[2.698678970336914]
[15.3007173538208]
[4.6558146476745605]
[2.1453452110290527]
[4.948444843292236]
[10.180765151977539]
[9.562137603759766]
[4.854002475738525]
[1.0685725212097168]
[0.2179853618144989]
[0.9048413038253784]
[2.025470733642578]
[0.03239991515874863]
[13.335606575012207]
[3.2145795822143555]
[2.334299325942993]
[14.348285675048828]
[2.0533111095428467]
[2.1068735122680664]
[2.1136443614959717]
[11.371728897094727]
[0.19634492695331573]
[0.7117728590965271]
[1.558213472366333]
[1.7926573753356934]
[2.0924549102783203]
[0.4851383864879608]
[0.9302535057067871]
[6.773725509643555]
[0.47486037015914917]
[0.3302994668483734]
[0.02563580498099327]
[1.3676649332046509]
[13.887246131896973]
[2.3693718910217285]
[6.069207191467285]
[1.427364706993103]
[4.095334529876709]
[0.4868895411491394]
[5.587652683258057]
[3.1657369136810303]
[11.505096435546875]
[0.4905213415622711]
[22.770368576049805]
[1.142993450164795]
[0.5592781901359558]
[2.433393955230713]
[0.11097777634859085]
[15.012569427490234]
[0.7771036624908447]
[9.562766075134277]
[1.4699782133102417]
[0.822421669960022]
[1.9540965557098389]
[0.6306714415550232]
[1.2624841928482056]
[1.0521025657653809]
[1.8355554342269897]
[0.26752716302871704]
[1.637944221496582]
[0.9117300510406494]
[5.945448398590088]
[1.94831120967865]
[0.9734774827957153]
[1.2575329542160034]
[9.690044403076172]
[2.54768705368042]
[0.30076050758361816]
[3.4908673763275146]
[1.387903094291687]
[141.5742950439453]
[0.23569256067276]
[0.11409202218055725]
[1.0635823011398315]
[2.140603542327881]
[0.8466804027557373]
[0.6845810413360596]
[2.1652212142944336]
[0.8150388598442078]
[57.345237731933594]
[2.339418888092041]
[17.091276168823242]
[1.5787867307662964]
[13.59354019165039]
[2.45052433013916]
[1.0067766904830933]
[2.37231183052063]
[11.852533340454102]
[0.8205760717391968]
[1.4365484714508057]
[0.698803722858429]
[1.166915774345398]
[2.3976035118103027]
[1.5210537910461426]
[14.870575904846191]
[0.544658899307251]
[0.14027386903762817]
[5.865171432495117]
[0.3426148295402527]
[0.4221576750278473]
[10.083279609680176]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.06723172217607498]
[1.2786610126495361]
[3.9374687671661377]
[0.4412870407104492]
[2.6463119983673096]
[16.513713836669922]
[1.3517615795135498]
[0.8494526743888855]
[3.1238203048706055]
[1.82741117477417]
[2.530259132385254]
[0.1965227723121643]
[1.318565011024475]
[1.09568452835083]
[1.3121964931488037]
[1.2651821374893188]
[0.43561407923698425]
[0.31698429584503174]
[12.332942962646484]
[1.2763843536376953]
[19.379154205322266]
[0.01442943699657917]
[2.7497897148132324]
[5.194385528564453]
[4.6361613273620605]
[1.3505877256393433]
[1.550399661064148]
[1.1487880945205688]
[5.922638416290283]
[0.6492030620574951]
[0.6755760908126831]
[0.3029000759124756]
[1.267330527305603]
[0.8349708318710327]
[12.908943176269531]
[0.7274665832519531]
[3.1964643001556396]
[11.530667304992676]
[1.5920000076293945]
[5.732529163360596]
[0.8170577883720398]
[0.9269768595695496]
[0.2436959594488144]
[4.3507399559021]
[0.6924735903739929]
[0.5958430767059326]
[0.8401830792427063]
[4.158926486968994]
[7.268527030944824]
[0.1090748980641365]
[40.53459548950195]
[0.6068609356880188]
[0.3678445518016815]
[4.120302200317383]
[0.35815802216529846]
[2.2266907691955566]
[2.9702446460723877]
[3.380540370941162]
[0.7590669393539429]
[29.54305648803711]
[0.5145705938339233]
[2.750532627105713]
[0.834388017654419]
[1.9803544282913208]
[0.17524036765098572]
[0.8182689547538757]
[0.4811282753944397]
[1.0571328401565552]
[3.2314271926879883]
[1.2171162366867065]
[40.81747817993164]
[4.769721031188965]
[0.7000293135643005]
[7.531202793121338]
[0.5553902983665466]
[0.8355652689933777]
[1.5459920167922974]
[2.206408977508545]
[0.6001638174057007]
[7.630107879638672]
[2.3239493370056152]
[3.753122329711914]
[1.2289822101593018]
[1.4442111253738403]
[1.2238446474075317]
[1.3722660541534424]
[0.5383586883544922]
[1.5207329988479614]
[0.3986801207065582]
[62.131813049316406]
[12.875662803649902]
[1.2926357984542847]
[2.029212474822998]
[0.5304393172264099]
[5.285344123840332]
[0.9161909222602844]
[0.155657559633255]
[2.6091818809509277]
[69.53800964355469]
[0.8202140927314758]
[1.7471442222595215]
[2.732023000717163]
[0.18429811298847198]
[0.9501386880874634]
[0.9967822432518005]
[0.3722376525402069]
[161.4857177734375]
[1.469994306564331]
[0.42923060059547424]
[1.706328272819519]
[1.3812512159347534]
[1.624729871749878]
[2.0745043754577637]
[2.283834934234619]
[3.092167377471924]
[0.6727603077888489]
[11.003866195678711]
[0.22299900650978088]
[0.7385746836662292]
[4.173203945159912]
[44.148406982421875]
[1.3052023649215698]
[37.85960388183594]
[0.016569480299949646]
[0.5281275510787964]
[0.6224935054779053]
[0.5309089422225952]
[2.8646156787872314]
[1.2488031387329102]
[0.4929996132850647]
[0.9799354076385498]
[4.166447639465332]
[0.7371411919593811]
[2.2479665279388428]
[3.20875883102417]
[69.39910125732422]
[2.642185688018799]
[2.1604528427124023]
[0.6046742796897888]
[6.3430657386779785]
[0.6998374462127686]
[0.5620866417884827]
[0.022611748427152634]
[0.6175116896629333]
[0.5277926325798035]
[1.3770426511764526]
[11.618470191955566]
[0.3557148873806]
[13.854561805725098]
[0.5970316529273987]
[2.3657376766204834]
[8.357368469238281]
[1.0571175813674927]
[0.4084263741970062]
[1.4236334562301636]
[0.7047612071037292]
[2.0976052284240723]
[8.337194442749023]
[0.884151816368103]
[0.8496513962745667]
[0.6388325691223145]
[1.2154909372329712]
[93.84367370605469]
[1.1231141090393066]
[0.017311882227659225]
[3.1885688304901123]
[74.26575469970703]
[2.507728338241577]
[2.5296874046325684]
[3.694859266281128]
[0.9763286113739014]
[66.6759033203125]
[8.238465309143066]
[0.6153711080551147]
[1.4008861780166626]
[0.022774992510676384]
[0.538281261920929]
[31.682310104370117]
[3.6704459190368652]
[1.9080438613891602]
[0.8928500413894653]
[11.673632621765137]
[0.48766353726387024]
[1512.3536376953125]
[2.277803897857666]
[1.7129820585250854]
[25.576074600219727]
[3.3744516372680664]
[2.1489717960357666]
[1.615639090538025]
[1.6814706325531006]
[0.37075912952423096]
[3.454902410507202]
[85.5823745727539]
[182.9102783203125]
[9.429401397705078]
[30.562681198120117]
[3.54935359954834]
[0.9438106417655945]
[3.652982711791992]
[3.1740617752075195]
[3.1398568153381348]
[32.60173416137695]
[88.39075469970703]
[1.070732831954956]
[2.271425724029541]
[0.21982745826244354]
[12.666107177734375]
[1.4867312908172607]
[0.2521897554397583]
[4.7252116203308105]
[16.54231071472168]
[2.7671031951904297]
[6.529773712158203]
[9.424829483032227]
[12.21136474609375]
[138.73004150390625]
[5.952288627624512]
[56.406776428222656]
[1.3565689325332642]
[11.980949401855469]
[0.13623464107513428]
[12.433021545410156]
[18.89301300048828]
[1.0499391555786133]
[3.5439724922180176]
[1.87772536277771]
[45.177398681640625]
[3.4406919479370117]
[8.178556442260742]
[1.7520647048950195]
[14.10742473602295]
[3.3205606937408447]
[6.024916172027588]
[16.884496688842773]
[1.1513537168502808]
[3.2929415702819824]
[1.954932689666748]
[12.324077606201172]
[0.9766765832901001]
[3.358276128768921]
[2.9353020191192627]
[1.6584750413894653]
[0.26136672496795654]
[1.6856516599655151]
[2.629368305206299]
[0.19569140672683716]
[2.6115500926971436]
[2.7078604698181152]
[0.5251621007919312]
[0.8924343585968018]
[0.9039404392242432]
[1.6980630159378052]
[1.6190277338027954]
[1.5805344581604004]
[3.263261079788208]
[1.8881169557571411]
[2.886723041534424]
[1.9362791776657104]
[1.664131760597229]
[1.0014482736587524]
[11.076111793518066]
[175.8450927734375]
[0.9945684671401978]
[1.9618526697158813]
[0.5353246927261353]
[8.572508811950684]
[0.7796823978424072]
[6.044403553009033]
[1.2194100618362427]
[2.095637083053589]
[2.718940019607544]
[7.4023542404174805]
[8.851886749267578]
[1.0558274984359741]
[6.4518842697143555]
[0.288928747177124]
[0.8254821300506592]
[2.6970555782318115]
[0.5557004809379578]
[2.0155551433563232]
[0.09845835715532303]
[2.1452600955963135]
[1.915259838104248]
[0.12215364724397659]
[7.843929290771484]
[10.472431182861328]
[1.930983304977417]
[1.1398824453353882]
[1.2215951681137085]
[3.273085117340088]
[10.444108009338379]
[1.484961986541748]
[3.6607143878936768]
[1.479821801185608]
[0.6754578351974487]
[1.0535577535629272]
[1.587929368019104]
[1.3120783567428589]
[10.526850700378418]
[0.6148314476013184]
[1.2506873607635498]
[12.243075370788574]
[4.2268171310424805]
[1.114274501800537]
[3.8752260208129883]
[3.9185984134674072]
[2.546257495880127]
[1.862654209136963]
[110.26040649414062]
[3.652710199356079]
[1.2829923629760742]
[0.2975555658340454]
[0.9907954335212708]
[16.950124740600586]
[0.17061519622802734]
[0.025672530755400658]
[1.5318214893341064]
[2.2793378829956055]
[3.9863369464874268]
[0.24356500804424286]
[10.170077323913574]
[1.3262124061584473]
[0.7670162320137024]
[0.9219053387641907]
[0.5638203620910645]
[1.6682401895523071]
[0.17290382087230682]
[58.03437042236328]
[3.24288272857666]
[0.7191758751869202]
[8.18049430847168]
[9.227088928222656]
[0.5341219305992126]
[1.129058837890625]
[22.937166213989258]
[20.868244171142578]
[0.7235919833183289]
[2.2444939613342285]
[1.3747919797897339]
[1.9738705158233643]
[38.31962966918945]
[0.5956372618675232]
[13.247262954711914]
[0.42131203413009644]
[2.811436176300049]
[0.8867427706718445]
[1.776720404624939]
[0.13381929695606232]
[3.96797251701355]
[1.3157129287719727]
[6.561089515686035]
[0.547807514667511]
[28.412109375]
[1.3016685247421265]
[1.6018359661102295]
[0.7564711570739746]
[0.14938151836395264]
[396.302734375]
[38.375083923339844]
[0.741027295589447]
[2.9417974948883057]
[0.927121102809906]
[0.6059244871139526]
[1.5980387926101685]
[1.424997091293335]
[4.549417495727539]
[0.8161267042160034]
[0.7718248963356018]
[3.9758572578430176]
[1.0613830089569092]
[21.056396484375]
[0.8505865335464478]
[9.517769813537598]
[2.5219480991363525]
[2.310861587524414]
[4.184615612030029]
[0.8658581376075745]
[0.8610742688179016]
[1.1948622465133667]
[5.228326320648193]
[0.3925863206386566]
[3.4574239253997803]
[32.20949935913086]
[3.3840456008911133]
[9.358946800231934]
[1.6399823427200317]
[2.252389907836914]
[0.5685962438583374]
[1.2153006792068481]
[1.7310142517089844]
[1.4581170082092285]
[0.20522429049015045]
[2.9420981407165527]
[0.7778831720352173]
[1.1353093385696411]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[45.52969741821289]
[3.1890902519226074]
[5.604707717895508]
[1.121181845664978]
[7.082478046417236]
[1.1081843376159668]
[1.2365944385528564]
[1.271598219871521]
[0.4223380386829376]
[1.6986035108566284]
[3.00445556640625]
[1.6045951843261719]
[1.238275408744812]
[0.05974150076508522]
[2.5553107261657715]
[3.1415414810180664]
[1.0349959135055542]
[5.516915798187256]
[14.006782531738281]
[47.908260345458984]
[1.3486735820770264]
[1.1952087879180908]
[0.5873156785964966]
[1.6525542736053467]
[4.551875114440918]
[3.4114692211151123]
[1.460831880569458]
[1.4256380796432495]
[142.4779510498047]
[1.2698646783828735]
[6.808954238891602]
[7.978353977203369]
[2.595688819885254]
[1.6878471374511719]
[18.285890579223633]
[8.715737342834473]
[1.7523002624511719]
[38.295005798339844]
[0.9103672504425049]
[1.838729739189148]
[3.821134090423584]
[0.795840859413147]
[2.133361339569092]
[411.55841064453125]
[13.204689025878906]
[2.5007448196411133]
[2.4382638931274414]
[2.3376197814941406]
[2850.190673828125]
[3.791891574859619]
[2.8338122367858887]
[38.47929382324219]
[1.4429690837860107]
[0.12337442487478256]
[1.0159136056900024]
[22.556865692138672]
[7.363994121551514]
[3.6391685009002686]
[1.5436158180236816]
[13.91826057434082]
[27.31171417236328]
[3.300952196121216]
[2.854196786880493]
[6.165448188781738]
[4.508278846740723]
[19.399333953857422]
[5.550366401672363]
[14.903472900390625]
[122.52973937988281]
[38.118473052978516]
[95.072021484375]
[87.31249237060547]
[7.3314080238342285]
[17.248464584350586]
[17.495630264282227]
[26.617450714111328]
[68.04473876953125]
[2.032801866531372]
[23.098648071289062]
[11.7647066116333]
[2.162476062774658]
[3.7027084827423096]
[7.5101518630981445]
[24.588289260864258]
[9.86081314086914]
[1.1032849550247192]
[7.204257965087891]
[6.694059371948242]
[0.8892508745193481]
[1.1032977104187012]
[6.871301174163818]
[3.51539945602417]
[0.43134117126464844]
[1.5454539060592651]
[49.069000244140625]
[175.00779724121094]
[4.183151721954346]
[2.9227592945098877]
[7.442104339599609]
[3.2475945949554443]
[1.5819679498672485]
[6.134680271148682]
[4.04411506652832]
[112.23187255859375]
[0.1502138078212738]
[1.8267054557800293]
[3.4834935665130615]
[2.185128927230835]
[6.309539794921875]
[31.15276336669922]
[2.613299608230591]
[5.723080635070801]
[3.8671517372131348]
[1.0336521863937378]
[1.1303972005844116]
[0.35111960768699646]
[3.712594509124756]
[2.805614709854126]
[21.730260848999023]
[105.5594711303711]
[3.562321424484253]
[3.5450515747070312]
[2.708519697189331]
[4.727842807769775]
[4.349966526031494]
[335.69140625]
[26.72179412841797]
[6.863999843597412]
[3.4054720401763916]
[1.2007287740707397]
[1.088148593902588]
[36.75981140136719]
[102.1669692993164]
[2.638582229614258]
[1.1319990158081055]
[1.5468167066574097]
[0.8205875158309937]
[3.7948174476623535]
[4.287974834442139]
[12.285996437072754]
[18.090383529663086]
[20.694475173950195]
[2.621062994003296]
[5.659858226776123]
[4.219304084777832]
[2.841926336288452]
[8.952291488647461]
[0.6532249450683594]
[6.421388626098633]
[0.37156280875205994]
[0.2699007987976074]
[1.3671364784240723]
[4.155879020690918]
[45.566532135009766]
[3.365628242492676]
[7.247259616851807]
[14.22217082977295]
[1.479384183883667]
[0.8155013918876648]
[1.6233521699905396]
[0.9686951637268066]
[1.1137850284576416]
[1.8354922533035278]
[2.9833028316497803]
[4.729721546173096]
[20.225069046020508]
[2.9796059131622314]
[1.557271122932434]
[15.186561584472656]
[2.0052907466888428]
[1.788455843925476]
[1.4611258506774902]
[1.111290454864502]
[2.3637945652008057]
[16.25718116760254]
[1.8750295639038086]
[0.7849804759025574]
[1.5575015544891357]
[8.925893783569336]
[7.070738315582275]
[0.6848810315132141]
[9.833504676818848]
[40.72020721435547]
[0.22867688536643982]
[0.8613348603248596]
[1.2094058990478516]
[0.22994355857372284]
[1.1369502544403076]
[2.765467643737793]
[0.2923887073993683]
[20.809032440185547]
[1.879908561706543]
[2.9435508251190186]
[2.741286039352417]
[1.1836557388305664]
[2.401089668273926]
[10.860703468322754]
[2.4000627994537354]
[21.831275939941406]
[0.295316219329834]
[1.6232402324676514]
[1.0597832202911377]
[1.6761443614959717]
[1.0617458820343018]
[6.399144172668457]
[0.587571382522583]
[1.3489041328430176]
[1.8560672998428345]
[7.680837631225586]
[1.7402687072753906]
[0.029350465163588524]
[1.680505394935608]
[2.63576602935791]
[1.640285611152649]
[1.1250622272491455]
[1.6925222873687744]
[6.5517683029174805]
[1.7043266296386719]
[0.8343056440353394]
[0.768379807472229]
[0.6986457705497742]
[1.9355719089508057]
[1.1078962087631226]
[0.8557047247886658]
[1.1051758527755737]
[2.3046698570251465]
[17.761781692504883]
[1.699711799621582]
[0.534008264541626]
[0.934904932975769]
[69.88211059570312]
[1.7788302898406982]
[3.612860918045044]
[2.0342884063720703]
[1.3034510612487793]
[0.6051410436630249]
[1.974416971206665]
[0.12398198992013931]
[753.5671997070312]
[2.0290720462799072]
[14.641132354736328]
[9.564558982849121]
[2.924880266189575]
[0.7750054001808167]
[1.2731528282165527]
[21.360820770263672]
[1.6809206008911133]
[2.4843626022338867]
[3.612410545349121]
[16.736652374267578]
[1.2953251600265503]
[1.2611916065216064]
[1.222314476966858]
[11.519731521606445]
[166.1781768798828]
[1.124975562095642]
[2.259995222091675]
[3.215625524520874]
[2.4135384559631348]
[6.296731948852539]
[0.4876759648323059]
[0.31619834899902344]
[0.3434177339076996]
[1.5654857158660889]
[3.7465009689331055]
[0.768938422203064]
[5.068394184112549]
[1.215951681137085]
[5.258904457092285]
[0.19735480844974518]
[1.3714087009429932]
[0.6594217419624329]
[5.561661243438721]
[1.773087739944458]
[4.564038276672363]
[2.297630548477173]
[6.8390727043151855]
[0.9643511772155762]
[1.4415702819824219]
[116.00442504882812]
[0.20370179414749146]
[0.559264063835144]
[1.6777032613754272]
[136.75685119628906]
[7.104870796203613]
[0.1880292445421219]
[42.10763168334961]
[13.320155143737793]
[1.5093128681182861]
[4.872127532958984]
[2.6403212547302246]
[0.6265652179718018]
[1.6350562572479248]
[0.8627561926841736]
[1.7213373184204102]
[3.4578444957733154]
[0.6238262057304382]
[74.68409729003906]
[20.790590286254883]
[6.211812973022461]
[1.0840017795562744]
[0.2353922724723816]
[0.060650166124105453]
[1.2711223363876343]
[1.7451171875]
[2.837662935256958]
[1.0137717723846436]
[1.3383941650390625]
[112.36471557617188]
[6.041470527648926]
[6.158702850341797]
[0.9733376502990723]
[1.0880117416381836]
[1.2077648639678955]
[15.40695571899414]
[0.6787071228027344]
[12.234613418579102]
[0.7259404063224792]
[0.7288513779640198]
[0.04821912944316864]
[387.12615966796875]
[3.3250246047973633]
[1.115351676940918]
[3.220810651779175]
[0.40100523829460144]
[3.27437162399292]
[0.4903140664100647]
[1.1980137825012207]
[3.906911849975586]
[161.17221069335938]
[76.12840270996094]
[3.0765345096588135]
[3.796433210372925]
[11.499239921569824]
[1.7483875751495361]
[1.6652129888534546]
[0.08651362359523773]
[1.453972578048706]
[2.067814350128174]
[4.317309379577637]
[1.7618366479873657]
[4.247997760772705]
[11.419763565063477]
[0.8035363554954529]
[0.9153363108634949]
[3.3391497135162354]
[8.583174705505371]
[1.2079346179962158]
[9.360995292663574]
[2510.9384765625]
[1.1150121688842773]
[2.1209323406219482]
[4.346966743469238]
[3.680530309677124]
[61.52945327758789]
[0.21248702704906464]
[4.993544101715088]
[8.3366117477417]
[20.201284408569336]
[0.6892342567443848]
[2.835162878036499]
[0.12169380486011505]
[16.991405487060547]
[9.702149391174316]
[33.96725082397461]
[0.06616717576980591]
[15.923759460449219]
[5.322542667388916]
[8.295616149902344]
[1.373356819152832]
[6.962452411651611]
[25.764665603637695]
[1.5902553796768188]
[5.838250637054443]
[19.573705673217773]
[13.952728271484375]
[2.1316592693328857]
[8.951318740844727]
[51.9543342590332]
[0.13860823214054108]
[0.8050518035888672]
[8.078529357910156]
[0.6159964203834534]
[26.166828155517578]
[23.386056900024414]
[34.08634948730469]
[0.05474269390106201]
[33.90618896484375]
[17.362350463867188]
[105.55426025390625]
[42.894351959228516]
[0.14740124344825745]
[5.442249774932861]
[12.380130767822266]
[6.212191104888916]
[34.156803131103516]
[7.0510759353637695]
[3.3304977416992188]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[9.267647743225098]
[3.5608103275299072]
[73.58792114257812]
[7.586525917053223]
[1.452337384223938]
[16.316499710083008]
[11.730705261230469]
[4.52949333190918]
[14.902246475219727]
[1.0677720308303833]
[0.7447013854980469]
[31.439453125]
[5.538897514343262]
[11.363094329833984]
[1.243657112121582]
[0.13751018047332764]
[36.87623596191406]
[4.650670051574707]
[3.6898529529571533]
[0.07314364612102509]
[233.61705017089844]
[0.5383912920951843]
[0.7982156872749329]
[3.6565489768981934]
[5.2924981117248535]
[0.559413492679596]
[1.3417565822601318]
[43.86204147338867]
[5.3437299728393555]
[2.273700475692749]
[8.510233879089355]
[19.5924015045166]
[4.510683536529541]
[38.342620849609375]
[0.10501109063625336]
[21.96035385131836]
[1.842132568359375]
[3.691234827041626]
[6.8792572021484375]
[3.9987740516662598]
[7.402195930480957]
[13.799180030822754]
[1.6115208864212036]
[2.2993433475494385]
[4.311504364013672]
[35.05049133300781]
[1.7435662746429443]
[0.1105184555053711]
[2.4144136905670166]
[1.9397172927856445]
[56.770755767822266]
[3.4997243881225586]
[0.012196634896099567]
[15.7053861618042]
[2.3311350345611572]
[1.810603141784668]
[1.136419653892517]
[1.9520258903503418]
[0.3229881227016449]
[1.3223888874053955]
[1.2404097318649292]
[11.73539924621582]
[3.654060125350952]
[3.5095126628875732]
[1.6597784757614136]
[34.00244140625]
[3.6139402389526367]
[0.875205934047699]
[0.9520599842071533]
[1.770642876625061]
[1.1676119565963745]
[2.5491559505462646]
[17.923805236816406]
[0.8661681413650513]
[1.0242390632629395]
[13.136898040771484]
[2.765439987182617]
[0.7066934108734131]
[2.4021637439727783]
[3.717203378677368]
[2.8804731369018555]
[0.028619907796382904]
[1.9784497022628784]
[1.5605281591415405]
[0.767096757888794]
[8.828531265258789]
[2.6387808322906494]
[1.838932991027832]
[1.754940390586853]
[1.7802519798278809]
[14.788213729858398]
[0.37797850370407104]
[4.695797443389893]
[8.365601539611816]
[6.172338485717773]
[1.9454524517059326]
[0.8058445453643799]
[0.9930951595306396]
[0.24585485458374023]
[1.62202787399292]
[4.339930534362793]
[0.18036772310733795]
[0.7864526510238647]
[2.8223180770874023]
[16.07439422607422]
[1.7874398231506348]
[2.7088143825531006]
[0.011692604050040245]
[0.18413950502872467]
[16.123567581176758]
[2.5037472248077393]
[1.2053818702697754]
[1.6065860986709595]
[0.6942322254180908]
[1.938967227935791]
[1.8443788290023804]
[5.674686908721924]
[8.828246116638184]
[0.8232470154762268]
[0.625069797039032]
[0.39099839329719543]
[5.078414440155029]
[41.34248352050781]
[1.2801306247711182]
[2.2694993019104004]
[0.5204536318778992]
[2.2068259716033936]
[11.929084777832031]
[2.3081088066101074]
[7.215459823608398]
[22.922813415527344]
[1.4298509359359741]
[4.607653617858887]
[0.32526126503944397]
[2.641587734222412]
[1.6266330480575562]
[3.267188787460327]
[2.8296029567718506]
[3.663006544113159]
[0.1881089210510254]
[3.2731237411499023]
[2.6799633502960205]
[42.835060119628906]
[2.373351812362671]
[7.5097503662109375]
[1.8010890483856201]
[1.470900297164917]
[1.5279171466827393]
[0.820274829864502]
[1.391262173652649]
[6.218561172485352]
[1.8958700895309448]
[3.1861865520477295]
[2.0181937217712402]
[1.5598636865615845]
[0.10686568915843964]
[3.196734666824341]
[1.2518117427825928]
[0.15798306465148926]
[0.9261444807052612]
[0.6350604891777039]
[4.3094048500061035]
[24.78341293334961]
[4.311764717102051]
[0.07214964181184769]
[0.8591046333312988]
[0.5022831559181213]
[0.41324999928474426]
[2.8804574012756348]
[1.3645797967910767]
[0.6684197187423706]
[1.919023036956787]
[0.04974190890789032]
[9.674958229064941]
[1.1953541040420532]
[9.408102035522461]
[0.63514643907547]
[1.2436879873275757]
[1.0232845544815063]
[2.132711410522461]
[1.3769420385360718]
[62.307315826416016]
[4.241223335266113]
[1.2445085048675537]
[0.5216463208198547]
[0.6397687792778015]
[0.6395916938781738]
[1.6992807388305664]
[2.9973483085632324]
[0.1393963098526001]
[2.065964937210083]
[0.6742891669273376]
[1.6256091594696045]
[0.2174721211194992]
[0.6230157613754272]
[0.18870021402835846]
[0.7369827032089233]
[0.5678113102912903]
[0.5977259278297424]
[4.1711039543151855]
[14.391674995422363]
[11.21864128112793]
[1.5834118127822876]
[1.5390859842300415]
[0.7712095379829407]
[10.008842468261719]
[0.9378703236579895]
[0.5292996764183044]
[0.5758087038993835]
[0.5099954605102539]
[4.660390377044678]
[0.4498022496700287]
[1.461665153503418]
[5.916083812713623]
[0.7215543389320374]
[2.8467562198638916]
[10.965755462646484]
[2.879103899002075]
[0.7838614583015442]
[0.58070969581604]
[1.812829613685608]
[3.1689584255218506]
[1.8670573234558105]
[0.010964492335915565]
[0.6932035684585571]
[1.4712769985198975]
[1.2288975715637207]
[48.19681167602539]
[0.19948045909404755]
[1.0768524408340454]
[0.8687770962715149]
[3.258780002593994]
[0.9946142435073853]
[0.8389943838119507]
[0.5204660296440125]
[5.735416889190674]
[0.6027640700340271]
[3.3793587684631348]
[1.8300431966781616]
[0.6119909882545471]
[0.5123947858810425]
[0.630267322063446]
[1.5117809772491455]
[0.6570792198181152]
[1.5902105569839478]
[0.9090006351470947]
[1.1556482315063477]
[169.18685913085938]
[0.4725949168205261]
[2.2337286472320557]
[0.40345972776412964]
[19.655235290527344]
[0.7825263142585754]
[1.4473724365234375]
[13.474408149719238]
[0.6046692132949829]
[0.6584082245826721]
[15.243202209472656]
[1.6795936822891235]
[0.8805702924728394]
[8.307685852050781]
[0.5455242395401001]
[1.2030608654022217]
[1.6725420951843262]
[1.180112600326538]
[0.08155285567045212]
[1.1266582012176514]
[2.8427562713623047]
[1.1122939586639404]
[2.7110347747802734]
[1.984046459197998]
[7.407744884490967]
[0.42265576124191284]
[0.4089372754096985]
[1.748841404914856]
[144.03050231933594]
[1.0243046283721924]
[6.590421199798584]
[150.5200653076172]
[2.8516767024993896]
[2.336909055709839]
[4.393377780914307]
[0.9722619652748108]
[4.553899765014648]
[1.2340693473815918]
[1.6840449571609497]
[0.19977495074272156]
[0.7769925594329834]
[1.6863633394241333]
[3.7541697025299072]
[2.324862480163574]
[0.7997739315032959]
[7.335561752319336]
[9.878925323486328]
[1.2190042734146118]
[0.2378847450017929]
[0.10386913269758224]
[1.1207473278045654]
[0.4140251576900482]
[0.06292750686407089]
[4.403031349182129]
[0.021076951175928116]
[0.2948703169822693]
[1.1163657903671265]
[0.6826751828193665]
[0.5795078873634338]
[0.8175007700920105]
[0.7240680456161499]
[14.587345123291016]
[0.41573411226272583]
[0.4196407198905945]
[0.3870229423046112]
[0.48542916774749756]
[0.3871220052242279]
[0.5507960319519043]
[3.635526180267334]
[18.59260368347168]
[1.7551246881484985]
[2.963031053543091]
[2.101635217666626]
[0.5827332735061646]
[6.57553768157959]
[1.1978611946105957]
[8.16073226928711]
[0.43971017003059387]
[8.053979873657227]
[1.3385133743286133]
[772.3585205078125]
[0.10404637455940247]
[5.586191177368164]
[50.864437103271484]
[15.847084045410156]
[3.879594087600708]
[0.9048304557800293]
[0.9228517413139343]
[0.7354977130889893]
[18.908145904541016]
[2.1739706993103027]
[6.266613960266113]
[9.64883804321289]
[4.683699131011963]
[4.875270366668701]
[2.3067433834075928]
[3.0002410411834717]
[0.59671950340271]
[2.3721745014190674]
[0.6949934959411621]
[0.798561155796051]
[14.839461326599121]
[0.6870482563972473]
[3.3323142528533936]
[27.254928588867188]
[0.12222279608249664]
[2.3031835556030273]
[1.537460207939148]
[0.3423711657524109]
[0.6805717349052429]
[6.0703558921813965]
[0.41454359889030457]
[0.41579583287239075]
[1.1857271194458008]
[2.974838972091675]
[2.4166154861450195]
[11.081568717956543]
[0.23656687140464783]
[1.881709337234497]
[24.913759231567383]
[1.5989848375320435]
[0.3988003432750702]
[4.41634464263916]
[0.4684375822544098]
[3.348344087600708]
[0.2779104709625244]
[1.0832775831222534]
[1.8386982679367065]
[83.36592864990234]
[0.04505850374698639]
[2.3974311351776123]
[0.8621807098388672]
[0.7638960480690002]
[15.089552879333496]
[2.0723485946655273]
[0.8740791082382202]
[1.1129695177078247]
[78.57159423828125]
[1.3659652471542358]
[86.66751098632812]
[0.3802449107170105]
[3.149993658065796]
[14.642463684082031]
[13.501596450805664]
[0.19712425768375397]
[2.973679780960083]
[9.286349296569824]
[1.2063804864883423]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.217877149581909]
[1.706335186958313]
[2.2989559173583984]
[1.401411771774292]
[0.9352219104766846]
[0.43541786074638367]
[0.6973919868469238]
[3.5804848670959473]
[1.2634971141815186]
[1.0252033472061157]
[0.1299213320016861]
[0.35572364926338196]
[42.7406120300293]
[9.399723052978516]
[13.352066993713379]
[29.95397186279297]
[5.065858364105225]
[5.950198173522949]
[0.5727316737174988]
[3.4273459911346436]
[1.2342795133590698]
[10.681794166564941]
[1.6348692178726196]
[23.194725036621094]
[0.7369043231010437]
[0.651703953742981]
[6.35824728012085]
[1.5291998386383057]
[9.006121635437012]
[0.22264140844345093]
[11.106945991516113]
[23.393190383911133]
[1.2778815031051636]
[0.5665327310562134]
[0.6083885431289673]
[1.3867864608764648]
[1.3683964014053345]
[0.9390860795974731]
[0.6114042401313782]
[150.74765014648438]
[77.04444122314453]
[37.937129974365234]
[1.6728243827819824]
[26.833555221557617]
[3.3911120891571045]
[2.1311521530151367]
[2.3286664485931396]
[25.636127471923828]
[0.9062243700027466]
[2.1267318725585938]
[5.631558895111084]
[1.2630866765975952]
[1.0194041728973389]
[2.003883123397827]
[0.8991551995277405]
[11.323921203613281]
[8.183548927307129]
[0.5242793560028076]
[1.4970875978469849]
[0.059826284646987915]
[4.226722717285156]
[1.6414330005645752]
[1.464200496673584]
[1.0022310018539429]
[0.6956002116203308]
[1.777276635169983]
[0.7570904493331909]
[1.1159868240356445]
[0.5940911769866943]
[0.13633625209331512]
[1.656260371208191]
[0.31658801436424255]
[2.7519800662994385]
[0.12094341218471527]
[0.5644795894622803]
[9.310534477233887]
[200.3719482421875]
[10.228226661682129]
[12.020545959472656]
[5.46772575378418]
[3.2286455631256104]
[1168.375732421875]
[135.1232147216797]
[3.1782641410827637]
[2.032870054244995]
[0.47072774171829224]
[1.5624297857284546]
[80.58332824707031]
[4.83729887008667]
[19.915651321411133]
[4.466242790222168]
[2.8691108226776123]
[0.7950488924980164]
[5.667622089385986]
[0.4276309609413147]
[2.0359513759613037]
[4.614977836608887]
[13.525498390197754]
[3.7354013919830322]
[7.715371131896973]
[0.9801613092422485]
[5.908046722412109]
[3.9423882961273193]
[4.555499076843262]
[3.67580509185791]
[3.1088199615478516]
[0.20370686054229736]
[0.8360525369644165]
[6.835735321044922]
[8.404718399047852]
[4.941011428833008]
[0.5608910918235779]
[4188.5927734375]
[2.797123908996582]
[11.497453689575195]
[14.468086242675781]
[6.833805084228516]
[7.729403495788574]
[4.623416423797607]
[0.12710575759410858]
[4.99098014831543]
[13.725434303283691]
[8.952503204345703]
[6.660130023956299]
[1.1260722875595093]
[65.48983001708984]
[22.667573928833008]
[235.8296661376953]
[3.001674175262451]
[109.33325958251953]
[87.00945281982422]
[26.88846206665039]
[22.680683135986328]
[80.77330017089844]
[26.106952667236328]
[12.267107009887695]
[18.606510162353516]
[24.762609481811523]
[27.429283142089844]
[64.72168731689453]
[16.251489639282227]
[17.46540641784668]
[14.372393608093262]
[0.6829738020896912]
[12.079626083374023]
[16.950349807739258]
[7.2371506690979]
[7.240187168121338]
[12.393669128417969]
[4.019033908843994]
[1.186691164970398]
[11.931078910827637]
[36.40729904174805]
[14.546025276184082]
[10.389535903930664]
[12.854665756225586]
[35.21411895751953]
[14.79970932006836]
[59.705101013183594]
[29.108980178833008]
[5.026330947875977]
[6.406160354614258]
[221.56517028808594]
[3.337184190750122]
[2.9614343643188477]
[11.51917839050293]
[30.803329467773438]
[4.310989856719971]
[9.67817497253418]
[0.4968986213207245]
[4.741030216217041]
[4.088624477386475]
[12.866044998168945]
[1.6822177171707153]
[4.855789661407471]
[3.516772985458374]
[1.1844218969345093]
[4.711619853973389]
[1188.6510009765625]
[5.027735710144043]
[1.643467664718628]
[26.064197540283203]
[5.849102973937988]
[16.25223731994629]
[0.551449716091156]
[2.9436557292938232]
[1.2783585786819458]
[5.068310737609863]
[0.8559621572494507]
[1.5158531665802002]
[1.142175555229187]
[6.967666149139404]
[4.599039077758789]
[1.0378048419952393]
[3.996692419052124]
[3.829435110092163]
[71.2495346069336]
[29.755746841430664]
[8.669260025024414]
[4.270733833312988]
[27.149274826049805]
[23.307418823242188]
[4.143838405609131]
[1.7183459997177124]
[23.663854598999023]
[4.93051290512085]
[2.528596878051758]
[0.12406712770462036]
[11.433385848999023]
[16.312488555908203]
[24.441102981567383]
[0.6218346953392029]
[9.25178337097168]
[0.44871994853019714]
[9.13757038116455]
[2.000778913497925]
[4.197485446929932]
[31.564889907836914]
[5.2239885330200195]
[2.8147518634796143]
[11.172513008117676]
[2.5294716358184814]
[3.774069309234619]
[1.2187963724136353]
[3.681777000427246]
[2.1928412914276123]
[0.5966247916221619]
[3.023824453353882]
[5.3303141593933105]
[3.6898272037506104]
[1.5632110834121704]
[3.0666213035583496]
[1.6379300355911255]
[0.5580824017524719]
[10.876116752624512]
[1.1059988737106323]
[1.8161396980285645]
[1.9668526649475098]
[4.480020523071289]
[10.587957382202148]
[0.38262298703193665]
[0.1990269422531128]
[1.4594024419784546]
[4.0620927810668945]
[4.430251121520996]
[0.9090120196342468]
[1.811489224433899]
[18.238365173339844]
[15.663410186767578]
[18.686464309692383]
[0.14969255030155182]
[1.5285075902938843]
[0.17223158478736877]
[0.14463576674461365]
[0.869570255279541]
[2.921539306640625]
[0.5243927240371704]
[0.9851087331771851]
[1.3950207233428955]
[5.443573474884033]
[4.062386512756348]
[0.14697188138961792]
[0.948545515537262]
[2.183464288711548]
[2.5808990001678467]
[0.9898224472999573]
[1.1836514472961426]
[0.11804059892892838]
[5.031655788421631]
[0.9386806488037109]
[0.9591150879859924]
[0.15690410137176514]
[1.4568061828613281]
[2.1989834308624268]
[5.470084190368652]
[0.5591288208961487]
[0.5389713048934937]
[6.840219020843506]
[0.31662359833717346]
[2.265491247177124]
[5.604030609130859]
[11.334051132202148]
[0.12179813534021378]
[1.0499656200408936]
[0.5557079315185547]
[9.14837646484375]
[7.890180587768555]
[0.7817864418029785]
[0.7609291076660156]
[1.1942168474197388]
[71.0576400756836]
[0.3309905529022217]
[0.4784218668937683]
[0.44910120964050293]
[62.9813232421875]
[1.3360882997512817]
[0.8989936113357544]
[1.8860899209976196]
[0.2765175700187683]
[1.1042946577072144]
[0.8343609571456909]
[1.8786369562149048]
[0.64373379945755]
[0.9508957862854004]
[10.215492248535156]
[0.0093046510592103]
[0.35041576623916626]
[4.767539978027344]
[14.889508247375488]
[0.6129423975944519]
[0.7838432192802429]
[0.7138317823410034]
[0.033367302268743515]
[0.14037548005580902]
[1.64393949508667]
[1.7442513704299927]
[0.4763689935207367]
[2.0535428524017334]
[1.0847257375717163]
[167.9338836669922]
[9.733796119689941]
[1.0284278392791748]
[1.4657537937164307]
[1.3480305671691895]
[1.4121965169906616]
[3.2720894813537598]
[3.658735752105713]
[9.381032943725586]
[4.327647686004639]
[0.3931902348995209]
[1.2544156312942505]
[0.8325722217559814]
[12.567962646484375]
[23.933273315429688]
[149.09344482421875]
[15.499149322509766]
[0.8789588809013367]
[14.614954948425293]
[2.235051393508911]
[0.8616201877593994]
[0.0257201436907053]
[0.13980267941951752]
[6.91092586517334]
[0.13428747653961182]
[0.1426210105419159]
[1.7888489961624146]
[0.12735983729362488]
[0.507741391658783]
[1.7948721647262573]
[0.653434157371521]
[1.0458754301071167]
[1.4075169563293457]
[0.7512085437774658]
[0.7338482737541199]
[2.944793701171875]
[1.7720260620117188]
[15.455486297607422]
[0.8034714460372925]
[2.1785998344421387]
[1322.719970703125]
[2.073544979095459]
[5.3802971839904785]
[1.240485429763794]
[2.6519625186920166]
[0.21953751146793365]
[2.4246225357055664]
[0.39329037070274353]
[0.07585759460926056]
[0.8228024244308472]
[0.30298030376434326]
[0.2072184532880783]
[2.9573965072631836]
[5.789877414703369]
[4.020171642303467]
[32.820167541503906]
[5.795332431793213]
[0.6368277072906494]
[0.5692700147628784]
[5.704020977020264]
[4.661009311676025]
[2.260284185409546]
[6.434456825256348]
[3.774531602859497]
[7.626274585723877]
[0.16174465417861938]
[42.31367492675781]
[3.012505531311035]
[2.7352118492126465]
[3.1568236351013184]
[3.3024098873138428]
[6.064047336578369]
[4.830827713012695]
[10.490601539611816]
[19.66082000732422]
[0.6010234951972961]
[0.8593886494636536]
[16.780309677124023]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.2224719524383545]
[14.85658073425293]
[19.80859375]
[2.6618716716766357]
[0.45083069801330566]
[18.920215606689453]
[6.770114898681641]
[12.678797721862793]
[2.709721326828003]
[0.4148821234703064]
[0.17575381696224213]
[1.486134648323059]
[3.3072433471679688]
[5.845933437347412]
[3.6286356449127197]
[2.2260539531707764]
[4.506772041320801]
[0.7866175174713135]
[2.502154588699341]
[0.30303794145584106]
[2.2694005966186523]
[24.4044189453125]
[1.9513293504714966]
[0.21402929723262787]
[31.04633331298828]
[2.7227261066436768]
[1.200432538986206]
[135.9783172607422]
[3.1859230995178223]
[0.6996508836746216]
[1.8501591682434082]
[0.17829066514968872]
[0.2019222229719162]
[3.6621506214141846]
[0.47472962737083435]
[2.0930047035217285]
[14.310236930847168]
[3.813767194747925]
[1.1056742668151855]
[2.6011877059936523]
[2.912062883377075]
[0.42950862646102905]
[15.36288833618164]
[4.406371593475342]
[2.489170789718628]
[6.735649585723877]
[12.756291389465332]
[66.21037292480469]
[13.170583724975586]
[15.430402755737305]
[7.045541763305664]
[3.32094669342041]
[1.5674738883972168]
[1.4007599353790283]
[76.43692016601562]
[0.935016393661499]
[2.749688148498535]
[2.0682992935180664]
[6.863544464111328]
[1.048030138015747]
[2.4006495475769043]
[26.263578414916992]
[2.0152459144592285]
[0.17054611444473267]
[0.16522282361984253]
[0.9377812743186951]
[1.1430866718292236]
[1.501045823097229]
[1.6979995965957642]
[1.1761674880981445]
[0.8164467811584473]
[5.221895217895508]
[2.4186582565307617]
[0.3776673376560211]
[2.401211977005005]
[2.0986876487731934]
[0.14757151901721954]
[1.097976803779602]
[2.7833850383758545]
[9.793571472167969]
[1.1112676858901978]
[79.33219909667969]
[1.8690037727355957]
[3.386559247970581]
[2.8869130611419678]
[1.0328603982925415]
[1.331230878829956]
[0.7290351986885071]
[0.8976725935935974]
[60.91695785522461]
[0.9503756761550903]
[104.9714584350586]
[1.9320319890975952]
[1.7707687616348267]
[8.240379333496094]
[0.99570631980896]
[2.296947956085205]
[2.16739559173584]
[1.063389539718628]
[1.3907043933868408]
[3.725090742111206]
[6.930997371673584]
[1.2529164552688599]
[1.3207025527954102]
[1.7055059671401978]
[0.1882713884115219]
[144.53097534179688]
[0.16451495885849]
[0.39805397391319275]
[1.4294737577438354]
[13.897900581359863]
[3.1102283000946045]
[2.695406198501587]
[1.9850795269012451]
[1.086148738861084]
[89.77344512939453]
[4.926412105560303]
[1.4459311962127686]
[13.916180610656738]
[14.938664436340332]
[1.3727961778640747]
[0.8390786647796631]
[5.893916130065918]
[2.553304672241211]
[0.8061444163322449]
[0.6054897308349609]
[0.9166535139083862]
[8.659788131713867]
[0.8363045454025269]
[0.0556446872651577]
[2209.1279296875]
[2.069178819656372]
[0.1971014142036438]
[0.9624443054199219]
[0.026970982551574707]
[40.11140441894531]
[0.8556036353111267]
[25.742952346801758]
[3.1491482257843018]
[23.084260940551758]
[11.88687515258789]
[0.3488394021987915]
[7.3046956062316895]
[5.639975070953369]
[1.1058903932571411]
[2.457209825515747]
[5.2341790199279785]
[1.291293978691101]
[1.606429100036621]
[0.2558349072933197]
[0.6693836450576782]
[6.640283107757568]
[7.9430084228515625]
[4.378265857696533]
[1.8676609992980957]
[31.569581985473633]
[13.992679595947266]
[8.495237350463867]
[3.314854621887207]
[0.20193439722061157]
[6.678731918334961]
[0.012693917378783226]
[7.973688125610352]
[0.9602364897727966]
[1.9052414894104004]
[2.834254264831543]
[4.078100204467773]
[25.819334030151367]
[0.29417121410369873]
[37.1068229675293]
[5.518582820892334]
[0.7628495693206787]
[87.87155151367188]
[2.9967780113220215]
[0.2895846664905548]
[4.81127405166626]
[8.76778793334961]
[2.6419503688812256]
[1.153472900390625]
[7.995476722717285]
[8.932886123657227]
[0.9113658666610718]
[3.922373056411743]
[8.802824974060059]
[1.5138757228851318]
[0.5519194602966309]
[1.154526948928833]
[8.9738187789917]
[0.375517338514328]
[38.867156982421875]
[52.88188934326172]
[4269.9326171875]
[4.649317264556885]
[0.8189705014228821]
[10.537924766540527]
[404.53082275390625]
[1.235145092010498]
[74.74324035644531]
[4.501256942749023]
[140.8179473876953]
[53.91773986816406]
[4.505849361419678]
[248.96923828125]
[43.44677734375]
[3.3679497241973877]
[1.216549277305603]
[58.27070617675781]
[25.301464080810547]
[26.699325561523438]
[8.72580337524414]
[13.34131145477295]
[20.906774520874023]
[4.6770524978637695]
[13.876461029052734]
[60.82973098754883]
[34.562137603759766]
[7.059427261352539]
[1.9013622999191284]
[2.759587287902832]
[6.9903130531311035]
[5.6013031005859375]
[8.48388957977295]
[4.940446376800537]
[8.375510215759277]
[1.8895840644836426]
[8.728641510009766]
[64.11155700683594]
[11.815596580505371]
[6.3835272789001465]
[2.7473039627075195]
[5.032687187194824]
[4.9702534675598145]
[5.519321918487549]
[5.852878570556641]
[1.6973786354064941]
[0.3275313675403595]
[9.251023292541504]
[0.050664231181144714]
[6.602268695831299]
[0.6959448456764221]
[10.858733177185059]
[7.678583145141602]
[1.704966425895691]
[0.8206081390380859]
[10.1605863571167]
[2.438638687133789]
[47.45244216918945]
[2.659491539001465]
[1.2548211812973022]
[11.959314346313477]
[1.493533968925476]
[7.544459819793701]
[2.3968358039855957]
[2.131995439529419]
[2.0671656131744385]
[2.036606788635254]
[0.051565371453762054]
[1.6810650825500488]
[1.1183100938796997]
[3.8641397953033447]
[0.1312216967344284]
[2.6085262298583984]
[25.07489776611328]
[2.6070144176483154]
[3.0705599784851074]
[1.5986964702606201]
[3.525162935256958]
[8.059188842773438]
[2.864896774291992]
[3.2724997997283936]
[0.8585817813873291]
[20.667160034179688]
[1.1511602401733398]
[4.441762924194336]
[4.774056911468506]
[0.010271835140883923]
[8.928276062011719]
[8.007380485534668]
[4.269495010375977]
[2.1980462074279785]
[3.832092046737671]
[1.3941305875778198]
[1.70481276512146]
[0.2358885556459427]
[92.36400604248047]
[18.950519561767578]
[2.410440444946289]
[4.030611991882324]
[3.37467622756958]
[1.1626694202423096]
[2.862760543823242]
[0.4845912456512451]
[88.12273406982422]
[151.94252014160156]
[5.8893513679504395]
[0.2325291782617569]
[2.4409430027008057]
[3.529855251312256]
[0.560255229473114]
[5.041253089904785]
[0.14044742286205292]
[2.229489326477051]
[7.803339004516602]
[0.2441941648721695]
[0.5187730193138123]
[1.131795883178711]
[4.903428077697754]
[77.84796905517578]
[0.7118394374847412]
[1.1501522064208984]
[9.123106956481934]
[2.224870204925537]
[49.7482795715332]
[0.7713718414306641]
[1.8670823574066162]
[1.712244987487793]
[1.2263669967651367]
[188.21444702148438]
[0.35484248399734497]
[0.8193603754043579]
[0.5784335732460022]
[1.4541327953338623]
[0.44834625720977783]
[1.005963683128357]
[3.4723165035247803]
[0.5630762577056885]
[0.02275513857603073]
[6.039157867431641]
[2.7464370727539062]
[1.2997456789016724]
[2.5542595386505127]
[1.469048261642456]
[1.7372933626174927]
[0.5167438387870789]
[2.838259220123291]
[1.6537212133407593]
[1.4353489875793457]
[3.3858816623687744]
[0.4418427348136902]
[22.761402130126953]
[1.9512156248092651]
[24.283960342407227]
[0.5627220273017883]
[2.1793606281280518]
[5.670435905456543]
[0.9550489187240601]
[0.1807628870010376]
[1.4227899312973022]
[2.361767053604126]
[1.1827048063278198]
[2.125086784362793]
[0.4059171676635742]
[21.325939178466797]
[12.66397476196289]
[4.539114475250244]
[83.5223617553711]
[2.5236213207244873]
[1.4052249193191528]
[0.5289661288261414]
[0.4745665490627289]
[0.16581720113754272]
[5.161065578460693]
[0.995826780796051]
[1.7015397548675537]
[2.2056002616882324]
[0.6262421607971191]
[0.10857993364334106]
[0.495572954416275]
[10.077515602111816]
[96.21623992919922]
[1.516451120376587]
[31.118364334106445]
[17.049726486206055]
[2.0195486545562744]
[0.027832629159092903]
[0.9928261041641235]
[0.7190112471580505]
[0.8809239864349365]
[8.483296394348145]
[0.09866981208324432]
[1.6585323810577393]
[11.61961555480957]
[77.58148193359375]
[5.0121073722839355]
[1.68376886844635]
[15.816289901733398]
[1.3435341119766235]
[0.6235018372535706]
[3.55116605758667]
[4.552749156951904]
[1.067470669746399]
[5.964481830596924]
[9.766085624694824]
[11.2485933303833]
[3.886565923690796]
[1.713758111000061]
[0.5579257607460022]
[1.3502535820007324]
[0.5155432820320129]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.1707574725151062]
[1.1251132488250732]
[0.6591224074363708]
[0.6048014163970947]
[0.1378408968448639]
[0.14105179905891418]
[0.37275147438049316]
[0.5032225251197815]
[0.1297851800918579]
[1.9017739295959473]
[0.04249487817287445]
[0.7670100927352905]
[1.0519264936447144]
[4.717440128326416]
[0.25844845175743103]
[1.9916481971740723]
[1.0234264135360718]
[48.37550735473633]
[1.2442108392715454]
[11.191950798034668]
[0.40045174956321716]
[0.624735951423645]
[3.261514663696289]
[121.97525024414062]
[0.11801863461732864]
[6.7415971755981445]
[0.46738311648368835]
[22.73719024658203]
[140.54393005371094]
[3.139416217803955]
[0.2552720606327057]
[5.82600212097168]
[12.8858003616333]
[5.981201171875]
[0.8860843181610107]
[40.594764709472656]
[1.0427607297897339]
[0.12531419098377228]
[1.9065840244293213]
[0.21804971992969513]
[0.8087796568870544]
[6.2919416427612305]
[6.0253801345825195]
[0.5481323599815369]
[0.6719024777412415]
[2.189295768737793]
[0.2545660734176636]
[0.15369701385498047]
[0.4897673428058624]
[0.435133695602417]
[0.5648136138916016]
[0.22030939161777496]
[0.8641571998596191]
[1.0072174072265625]
[8.223152160644531]
[0.11939266324043274]
[0.8798763751983643]
[13.653977394104004]
[8.88628101348877]
[21.902738571166992]
[8.442045211791992]
[67.80760955810547]
[0.8078148365020752]
[2.9769082069396973]
[0.9444255828857422]
[44.45054626464844]
[0.23021477460861206]
[3.5871829986572266]
[7.360347270965576]
[0.44388896226882935]
[0.5853137969970703]
[16.358882904052734]
[1.109824538230896]
[1.8531955480575562]
[0.5575440526008606]
[10.691140174865723]
[2.4727134704589844]
[12.975186347961426]
[3.5293571949005127]
[1.0115764141082764]
[1.0630061626434326]
[4.009302139282227]
[7.154170513153076]
[0.31075647473335266]
[2.965939998626709]
[0.18731528520584106]
[0.5133913159370422]
[0.05925572291016579]
[0.42274948954582214]
[4.87251091003418]
[0.5154756307601929]
[82.87468719482422]
[0.1305544078350067]
[6.179946422576904]
[1.4060063362121582]
[5.172250747680664]
[0.8425371050834656]
[1.0535223484039307]
[0.4929870665073395]
[0.6755734086036682]
[0.06381873041391373]
[0.021819276735186577]
[12.373896598815918]
[22.815818786621094]
[0.40250059962272644]
[2.341041326522827]
[37.621925354003906]
[351.4877014160156]
[14.2796049118042]
[64.75715637207031]
[0.7515606880187988]
[0.5437927842140198]
[0.6176873445510864]
[1.451117753982544]
[1.0468244552612305]
[1.560171365737915]
[0.7597582936286926]
[2.9273223876953125]
[0.8113173842430115]
[0.8250774145126343]
[0.3061192035675049]
[1.4887984991073608]
[4.704961776733398]
[1.0437321662902832]
[1.264567255973816]
[0.7878760695457458]
[0.832905113697052]
[15.840462684631348]
[2.3940000534057617]
[0.2400204986333847]
[2.963632583618164]
[0.9121987819671631]
[71.90447998046875]
[3.0998523235321045]
[0.9808584451675415]
[6.251249313354492]
[2.1396169662475586]
[1.796562671661377]
[9.815552711486816]
[3.638962745666504]
[0.6243957281112671]
[2.897489070892334]
[44.96482849121094]
[1.0452728271484375]
[0.7630353569984436]
[0.6061753630638123]
[3.516404151916504]
[0.5966519713401794]
[0.6117021441459656]
[6.241431713104248]
[0.45966288447380066]
[0.27877333760261536]
[0.8885113596916199]
[0.5791255831718445]
[1.041603684425354]
[92.72042083740234]
[1.307745337486267]
[1.6442303657531738]
[3.871230125427246]
[0.7516716718673706]
[8.659189224243164]
[10.900069236755371]
[0.32293781638145447]
[0.3492636978626251]
[1.7893273830413818]
[4.916513442993164]
[0.9786380529403687]
[6.988654613494873]
[9.16290283203125]
[0.6935470104217529]
[5.675410747528076]
[0.585479736328125]
[0.41453638672828674]
[0.3650488555431366]
[2.2004315853118896]
[19.30885124206543]
[17.41071891784668]
[1.5733511447906494]
[0.14252561330795288]
[0.7942032814025879]
[4.5963358879089355]
[0.6420285105705261]
[1.4477324485778809]
[3.4486780166625977]
[1.1501673460006714]
[1.7535908222198486]
[1550.5626220703125]
[0.46160152554512024]
[8.30180549621582]
[0.790973424911499]
[6.350736141204834]
[0.5605995059013367]
[1.5541006326675415]
[0.17862850427627563]
[0.9339447617530823]
[1.5091862678527832]
[10.506885528564453]
[4.0956645011901855]
[1.0514239072799683]
[170.3609619140625]
[5.074447154998779]
[11.190272331237793]
[2.438891887664795]
[2.8272829055786133]
[1.820387601852417]
[3.7895009517669678]
[17.02772331237793]
[52.443634033203125]
[0.20116958022117615]
[0.027738044038414955]
[13.200050354003906]
[11.565515518188477]
[13.6144380569458]
[1.0130615234375]
[131.36842346191406]
[4.037935256958008]
[0.7267518639564514]
[0.3366113305091858]
[0.6890065670013428]
[0.2830425798892975]
[1.174250841140747]
[2.465487003326416]
[0.23271705210208893]
[5.580008506774902]
[0.30033382773399353]
[0.13109682500362396]
[1.3793177604675293]
[2.845663070678711]
[1.0549618005752563]
[0.6319029927253723]
[2.4263932704925537]
[22.6341609954834]
[0.07958883047103882]
[1.9387879371643066]
[13.105030059814453]
[0.8968567848205566]
[1.1336270570755005]
[7.088067531585693]
[15.312824249267578]
[0.5263662338256836]
[119.93192291259766]
[0.07576780021190643]
[2.445706367492676]
[6.394192695617676]
[0.3694505989551544]
[7.193920135498047]
[4.183281898498535]
[3.4599196910858154]
[9.150287628173828]
[7.316286087036133]
[0.9496059417724609]
[12.063584327697754]
[3.1560168266296387]
[1.2057969570159912]
[1.196800947189331]
[21.520235061645508]
[2.796555280685425]
[0.6368992924690247]
[4.956019401550293]
[1.4788997173309326]
[1.5354286432266235]
[7.982655048370361]
[7.700963973999023]
[0.703972339630127]
[0.5496686697006226]
[0.9872098565101624]
[0.02795856073498726]
[8.088224411010742]
[1.804357886314392]
[1.8746440410614014]
[0.8420842885971069]
[4.103601455688477]
[1.028756856918335]
[10.145414352416992]
[7.160256385803223]
[3.535557508468628]
[1.8105849027633667]
[3.6745080947875977]
[5.8332953453063965]
[6.44235372543335]
[143.52862548828125]
[0.35359546542167664]
[1.25713312625885]
[0.2503562867641449]
[1.7572673559188843]
[132.03817749023438]
[7.295804023742676]
[2.114938259124756]
[0.795361340045929]
[2.742556095123291]
[1.8110355138778687]
[2.003899097442627]
[110.95323181152344]
[14.430850982666016]
[0.010946981608867645]
[6.115952014923096]
[10.892338752746582]
[7.098916530609131]
[8.786250114440918]
[2.7543249130249023]
[2.9558990001678467]
[0.89798903465271]
[0.5668952465057373]
[4.927204132080078]
[8.098027229309082]
[123.79057312011719]
[18.199100494384766]
[0.10822156816720963]
[8.239423751831055]
[7.972212314605713]
[0.9345115423202515]
[8.22736930847168]
[0.9986119270324707]
[11.107452392578125]
[1.1124268770217896]
[0.5201208591461182]
[5.990256309509277]
[0.7200367450714111]
[9.430968284606934]
[0.9142047166824341]
[13.346522331237793]
[0.7200502753257751]
[0.6073485612869263]
[6.989590644836426]
[68.4812240600586]
[0.6721682548522949]
[0.8303097486495972]
[0.5438775420188904]
[1.2699958086013794]
[76.46735382080078]
[7.514695644378662]
[1.2070046663284302]
[0.6945783495903015]
[0.48403865098953247]
[1.1734813451766968]
[1.5491563081741333]
[1.1636055707931519]
[12.8735990524292]
[1.5120846033096313]
[0.7135688662528992]
[3.8805108070373535]
[7.773138999938965]
[1.9317148923873901]
[48.140567779541016]
[7.93044376373291]
[1.003638505935669]
[1.8781991004943848]
[0.8480933904647827]
[0.2767125368118286]
[0.8444350957870483]
[1.5236761569976807]
[0.851470410823822]
[1.5360051393508911]
[43.18696594238281]
[1.5609737634658813]
[3.1531362533569336]
[0.8987385630607605]
[0.12394063919782639]
[5.364992618560791]
[11.103021621704102]
[6.634153366088867]
[3.546738386154175]
[6.480213642120361]
[0.17423230409622192]
[9.243691444396973]
[1.1081383228302002]
[1.4137983322143555]
[1.6009043455123901]
[2.6090755462646484]
[0.13793206214904785]
[0.9640080332756042]
[145.13880920410156]
[3.119093894958496]
[6.925284385681152]
[0.9341060519218445]
[16.704833984375]
[0.16157373785972595]
[0.39791759848594666]
[2.062906265258789]
[1.7304322719573975]
[0.6445775628089905]
[9.23941421508789]
[4.2626051902771]
[40.0889778137207]
[0.43927931785583496]
[19.627586364746094]
[7.573513984680176]
[1.1920979022979736]
[4.253292560577393]
[9.493122100830078]
[8.11820125579834]
[0.07649146765470505]
[1.6073505878448486]
[2.551339626312256]
[5.420403480529785]
[5.927228927612305]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.304194450378418]
[0.7891873121261597]
[0.6504489183425903]
[4.813124656677246]
[2.0695910453796387]
[7.027053356170654]
[0.9603168368339539]
[0.7183758616447449]
[0.2811677157878876]
[1.3236831426620483]
[9.734623908996582]
[11.087841987609863]
[1.0670981407165527]
[0.8318330645561218]
[1.4275686740875244]
[12.522790908813477]
[2.9761221408843994]
[1.2945095300674438]
[0.7557274103164673]
[8.156059265136719]
[5.495649814605713]
[0.12737277150154114]
[7.062337875366211]
[4.931329727172852]
[39.934326171875]
[0.544923722743988]
[0.49183714389801025]
[1.9329761266708374]
[3.187011957168579]
[0.32924655079841614]
[0.8531546592712402]
[0.4720957577228546]
[75.8517837524414]
[1.8635786771774292]
[0.3380524814128876]
[0.7851558923721313]
[1.4510557651519775]
[0.6193904876708984]
[2.307034730911255]
[0.17278534173965454]
[4.352005481719971]
[0.8899534344673157]
[0.9568073153495789]
[8.594593048095703]
[0.22251495718955994]
[0.6686084866523743]
[7.5035858154296875]
[3.7730932235717773]
[0.5316092371940613]
[0.33010825514793396]
[2.0751960277557373]
[92.42202758789062]
[0.9019036889076233]
[0.08907682448625565]
[5.721750259399414]
[26.57275390625]
[0.29802456498146057]
[10.293508529663086]
[0.3932510018348694]
[1.9779345989227295]
[3.6961002349853516]
[0.14816662669181824]
[1.6454097032546997]
[0.5260687470436096]
[3.243609666824341]
[0.58437579870224]
[3.464193344116211]
[6.937926769256592]
[0.3213375210762024]
[4.292104244232178]
[0.01223582960665226]
[1.6869375705718994]
[1.2764055728912354]
[1.2955418825149536]
[0.3774350881576538]
[0.28990602493286133]
[1.1432979106903076]
[1.8933442831039429]
[0.4095786213874817]
[7.270549297332764]
[0.08265505731105804]
[0.5817622542381287]
[1.3999098539352417]
[2.6383020877838135]
[14.867829322814941]
[6.452386379241943]
[0.1847703605890274]
[0.5165125727653503]
[1.3089828491210938]
[6.757972240447998]
[0.3815903067588806]
[0.7213132977485657]
[0.14361366629600525]
[3.3112194538116455]
[8.527528762817383]
[0.2599075436592102]
[1.0479369163513184]
[6.547639846801758]
[0.2693023085594177]
[28.437814712524414]
[0.28033503890037537]
[0.39064842462539673]
[2.466351270675659]
[12.178635597229004]
[82.1117172241211]
[26.294517517089844]
[8.936698913574219]
[0.6931005716323853]
[1.205766201019287]
[13.709224700927734]
[6.932296276092529]
[1.6701136827468872]
[0.9150989651679993]
[3.990037202835083]
[3.468818426132202]
[5.0455732345581055]
[2.1465933322906494]
[3.61458158493042]
[16.62688446044922]
[0.056418873369693756]
[0.9019023180007935]
[0.3795899450778961]
[0.5684678554534912]
[0.17814059555530548]
[0.6202642917633057]
[9.426698684692383]
[6.1129350662231445]
[7.688067436218262]
[0.15528017282485962]
[0.8073704242706299]
[2.820863723754883]
[0.2865631580352783]
[2.7609636783599854]
[0.2566623091697693]
[5.228433132171631]
[56.7017936706543]
[0.5181970596313477]
[4.2028069496154785]
[2.260655403137207]
[1.3069287538528442]
[0.4243853688240051]
[0.100823774933815]
[13.623895645141602]
[3.955263376235962]
[0.22597955167293549]
[0.9113614559173584]
[0.3116358816623688]
[2.7058238983154297]
[3.2531402111053467]
[4.8669281005859375]
[6.51069450378418]
[0.3811570703983307]
[0.11419564485549927]
[0.28844714164733887]
[1.2570656538009644]
[1.098469614982605]
[136.70083618164062]
[0.009725545533001423]
[1.0263851881027222]
[0.8260760307312012]
[0.14556224644184113]
[0.09558112919330597]
[5.767914295196533]
[1.7692533731460571]
[0.6675301194190979]
[1.0522938966751099]
[4.488806247711182]
[0.3822709023952484]
[3.9565987586975098]
[1.029889464378357]
[2.901003122329712]
[276.5582275390625]
[0.7382758259773254]
[3.954946994781494]
[1.4638043642044067]
[1.7377045154571533]
[3.1680688858032227]
[0.7615484595298767]
[0.015126917511224747]
[6.790374755859375]
[0.9586480855941772]
[6.880286693572998]
[0.5102208852767944]
[0.284071147441864]
[6.630054473876953]
[1.6281417608261108]
[2.471315860748291]
[145.23110961914062]
[18.328365325927734]
[2.836289405822754]
[2.867701530456543]
[4.192157745361328]
[3.6692256927490234]
[0.5454399585723877]
[0.6172314286231995]
[11.45640754699707]
[0.41976168751716614]
[13.901227951049805]
[0.5882076025009155]
[1.3252084255218506]
[2.878094434738159]
[1.333394169807434]
[1.0006654262542725]
[3.9104394912719727]
[6.145618915557861]
[15.611089706420898]
[4.219650745391846]
[0.7907941341400146]
[1.8166011571884155]
[0.8377769589424133]
[11.082685470581055]
[0.6132964491844177]
[0.23613938689231873]
[0.6297264695167542]
[1.6073459386825562]
[1.787001371383667]
[2.773237705230713]
[0.8804097175598145]
[43.25282669067383]
[0.520910382270813]
[1.0744975805282593]
[10.43577766418457]
[0.42373767495155334]
[0.7297562956809998]
[1877.3187255859375]
[1987.09423828125]
[1.3191866874694824]
[5.262999057769775]
[1.5064282417297363]
[181.17105102539062]
[25.105998992919922]
[8.288919448852539]
[2.349726676940918]
[0.7375690340995789]
[1.8394213914871216]
[1.497957706451416]
[2.8294155597686768]
[5.7280659675598145]
[5.515740394592285]
[37.88679504394531]
[24.898941040039062]
[11.29050064086914]
[4.143118381500244]
[38.714385986328125]
[6.274166107177734]
[52.69023895263672]
[19.987903594970703]
[4.241711616516113]
[57.723533630371094]
[0.24895399808883667]
[4.813911437988281]
[0.3837159276008606]
[49.088096618652344]
[23.354406356811523]
[7.974121570587158]
[1.8931907415390015]
[1.484848976135254]
[40.52136993408203]
[5.29156494140625]
[9.65603256225586]
[31.799375534057617]
[0.9862648844718933]
[28.416881561279297]
[1.1439542770385742]
[27.647783279418945]
[1.1776041984558105]
[3.4934496879577637]
[10.085752487182617]
[7.705568313598633]
[0.17843303084373474]
[12.225630760192871]
[73.26892852783203]
[91.15934753417969]
[42.71476745605469]
[0.07588639855384827]
[1.8802123069763184]
[4.056607246398926]
[33.12899398803711]
[14.236520767211914]
[29.205055236816406]
[26.20208168029785]
[2.905224084854126]
[14.027579307556152]
[0.5730106234550476]
[4.242260932922363]
[329.4627685546875]
[1.481523036956787]
[14.348175048828125]
[15.654562950134277]
[11.069591522216797]
[0.568555474281311]
[3.765011787414551]
[10.914383888244629]
[0.1947299987077713]
[5.900726795196533]
[6.495766639709473]
[14.532301902770996]
[1.9651196002960205]
[14.76518440246582]
[2.0936737060546875]
[5.7292985916137695]
[0.37953346967697144]
[6.294366359710693]
[7.699911117553711]
[6.953607082366943]
[17.887601852416992]
[5.412673473358154]
[15.477272987365723]
[1.4197611808776855]
[1.7602665424346924]
[6.010931968688965]
[12.175196647644043]
[0.539284348487854]
[12.428038597106934]
[0.016570687294006348]
[1.0270414352416992]
[0.29001879692077637]
[3.5713279247283936]
[1.9385205507278442]
[2.3052408695220947]
[7.869150161743164]
[83.68251037597656]
[0.3980317711830139]
[5.423507213592529]
[2.157961368560791]
[10.475456237792969]
[0.3584841191768646]
[3.8424439430236816]
[5.6923508644104]
[0.19533953070640564]
[6.187649726867676]
[1.4413436651229858]
[0.4599630832672119]
[3.883183002471924]
[1.183321237564087]
[0.4614199101924896]
[4.364816665649414]
[2.383349657058716]
[3.0394396781921387]
[6.168355941772461]
[0.46508610248565674]
[1.0995599031448364]
[12.305095672607422]
[10.610572814941406]
[7.841402053833008]
[0.5670493245124817]
[10.878451347351074]
[0.9872096180915833]
[1.6233863830566406]
[0.6023321747779846]
[3.4182207584381104]
[4.457310676574707]
[0.5899332165718079]
[1.460882306098938]
[21.84225082397461]
[18.432527542114258]
[86.55144500732422]
[1.6882177591323853]
[1.3076258897781372]
[47.8012809753418]
[1.3210041522979736]
[0.5971357226371765]
[9.809730529785156]
[5.389759063720703]
[1.3526525497436523]
[0.41456690430641174]
[3.3671092987060547]
[1.09434175491333]
[1.544404149055481]
[11.298584938049316]
[1.0874122381210327]
[0.06174064055085182]
[0.4881139099597931]
[0.02489861287176609]
[1.1229323148727417]
[1708.6790771484375]
[1.2182005643844604]
[0.8477827310562134]
[26.11345672607422]
[1.4232985973358154]
[1.74565851688385]
[38.96931457519531]
[8.207415580749512]
[6.635915756225586]
[3.5899198055267334]
[1.539537787437439]
[1.8984038829803467]
[3.7036798000335693]
[1.1043418645858765]
[0.7478567361831665]
[0.9118282198905945]
[25.64600372314453]
[2.469306230545044]
[5.936964511871338]
[24.911073684692383]
[0.0982615277171135]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.399928331375122]
[5.590794086456299]
[0.28334492444992065]
[0.41978615522384644]
[8.280320167541504]
[5.73836612701416]
[1.856316089630127]
[11.385522842407227]
[0.584064781665802]
[1.5903294086456299]
[16.8230037689209]
[21.48259735107422]
[0.6323683261871338]
[1.5837739706039429]
[2.7373178005218506]
[36.8637809753418]
[20.33381462097168]
[12.138017654418945]
[2.696974754333496]
[0.6826278567314148]
[1.7516976594924927]
[4.652886867523193]
[6.116359233856201]
[19.636117935180664]
[28.011615753173828]
[26.63243865966797]
[3.052666664123535]
[10.101218223571777]
[10.753264427185059]
[1.3441402912139893]
[15.8256196975708]
[1.0635695457458496]
[1.8941068649291992]
[1.0096192359924316]
[825.533935546875]
[2.895426034927368]
[19.959503173828125]
[0.8884058594703674]
[5.7460784912109375]
[0.44066646695137024]
[0.24687446653842926]
[43.892826080322266]
[4.980255603790283]
[5.414029598236084]
[6.025639057159424]
[1.4878860712051392]
[1.0334105491638184]
[5.670058727264404]
[2.6385936737060547]
[3.9109323024749756]
[1.3368169069290161]
[3.2674689292907715]
[0.27008235454559326]
[2.278898239135742]
[17.474536895751953]
[0.04531722888350487]
[2.8252835273742676]
[15.437457084655762]
[1.9758284091949463]
[0.18283939361572266]
[1.1034367084503174]
[1.6474745273590088]
[3.6892828941345215]
[0.7777488231658936]
[0.391779363155365]
[0.0777655690908432]
[1.0514955520629883]
[0.5433176159858704]
[2.4141287803649902]
[30.830421447753906]
[1.7462267875671387]
[156.5788116455078]
[2.1507325172424316]
[0.5259097218513489]
[2.0170371532440186]
[9.728667259216309]
[125.99873352050781]
[1.1880919933319092]
[16.045351028442383]
[115.1036605834961]
[7.8852739334106445]
[1.3292289972305298]
[5.426441192626953]
[0.6283951997756958]
[95.67587280273438]
[0.9653077125549316]
[10.2147798538208]
[8.469256401062012]
[4.9666337966918945]
[0.8565444946289062]
[6.108315944671631]
[5.906944751739502]
[0.3140236735343933]
[20.094758987426758]
[24.480300903320312]
[12.511865615844727]
[1.0290958881378174]
[3.3286736011505127]
[1.6817811727523804]
[5.001436233520508]
[6.472277641296387]
[0.30888089537620544]
[0.05555122718214989]
[27.15203285217285]
[1.1006019115447998]
[0.841474175453186]
[4.831593990325928]
[77.61029815673828]
[7.944098472595215]
[3.2818233966827393]
[4.961956024169922]
[2.828578472137451]
[5.618440628051758]
[13.28027057647705]
[14.738849639892578]
[58.921810150146484]
[0.8152307271957397]
[0.8289194703102112]
[0.010212876833975315]
[24.21167755126953]
[7.811304092407227]
[6.019317626953125]
[1.583255410194397]
[2.8901174068450928]
[7.262265205383301]
[0.932456374168396]
[7.5014543533325195]
[15.427087783813477]
[6.949822902679443]
[2.7196545600891113]
[316.7476806640625]
[126.86592102050781]
[9.354094505310059]
[50.68659973144531]
[0.9847084879875183]
[0.44847938418388367]
[0.4113025963306427]
[5.137300491333008]
[1.933254361152649]
[92.10822296142578]
[0.6531444787979126]
[2.7141027450561523]
[0.08929573744535446]
[0.7906221747398376]
[10.060232162475586]
[8.557546615600586]
[2.1171441078186035]
[5.9378886222839355]
[1.1667606830596924]
[0.552385151386261]
[0.25837603211402893]
[7.0532026290893555]
[2.4639649391174316]
[8.279041290283203]
[1.3503966331481934]
[2.7852115631103516]
[0.6235646605491638]
[0.952992856502533]
[0.1708322912454605]
[2.273707628250122]
[4.478537559509277]
[0.3594411611557007]
[0.46959736943244934]
[3.461160659790039]
[0.7650249600410461]
[11.238844871520996]
[0.8419537544250488]
[74.2526626586914]
[45.024383544921875]
[6.601101875305176]
[0.2711930572986603]
[10.312358856201172]
[26.967500686645508]
[8.323335647583008]
[1.017040729522705]
[3.9788942337036133]
[3.700873374938965]
[1.2717945575714111]
[1.4393805265426636]
[2.1158504486083984]
[6.740472793579102]
[1.872620701789856]
[4.5637617111206055]
[0.3725874722003937]
[0.5977848172187805]
[3.672623872756958]
[3.2685177326202393]
[1.9657710790634155]
[0.21936507523059845]
[0.34148240089416504]
[0.6566953063011169]
[1.342158555984497]
[1.0867913961410522]
[0.8183972835540771]
[71.9360580444336]
[0.478094220161438]
[1.4562251567840576]
[22.209257125854492]
[5.260761737823486]
[1.0624682903289795]
[4.280726909637451]
[1.3442858457565308]
[0.8683291077613831]
[0.7784914374351501]
[3.863215684890747]
[6.878075122833252]
[0.4950679838657379]
[13.879467010498047]
[0.16234011948108673]
[0.6122300028800964]
[1.9810991287231445]
[4.536693572998047]
[1.2505872249603271]
[0.05651376396417618]
[0.4562361538410187]
[1.4213517904281616]
[1.0122599601745605]
[0.9525864124298096]
[41.778106689453125]
[0.3361523151397705]
[1.1530895233154297]
[1.2585796117782593]
[0.07868023961782455]
[7.782329082489014]
[1.0881696939468384]
[0.638525128364563]
[0.4304315447807312]
[0.38554346561431885]
[6.31538200378418]
[0.594284176826477]
[4.87996768951416]
[0.5129164457321167]
[0.7279127240180969]
[3.752657890319824]
[36.98261642456055]
[120.16954040527344]
[0.8135471940040588]
[5.838881015777588]
[0.4171985685825348]
[0.262376070022583]
[3.3316664695739746]
[0.012430117465555668]
[12.110112190246582]
[0.12205877155065536]
[81.63699340820312]
[5.358540058135986]
[1.23714017868042]
[0.5549432039260864]
[2.299736261367798]
[0.43543297052383423]
[10.66006088256836]
[6.1983256340026855]
[0.048936840146780014]
[6.163634777069092]
[0.2856772541999817]
[0.7670593857765198]
[5.477080821990967]
[5.287505626678467]
[0.9174826145172119]
[0.8920201063156128]
[1.9057855606079102]
[0.9380611181259155]
[16.157514572143555]
[0.7818183898925781]
[0.2412784993648529]
[5.596435546875]
[0.7256914377212524]
[0.6351730227470398]
[2.2722373008728027]
[2.5703606605529785]
[0.9401669502258301]
[0.14396190643310547]
[2.2334558963775635]
[6.681183338165283]
[0.23842035233974457]
[0.8527793288230896]
[8.54841136932373]
[45.186222076416016]
[1.1957197189331055]
[12.12911605834961]
[0.01481960155069828]
[1.5964646339416504]
[2.6389310359954834]
[2.74253511428833]
[0.6170202493667603]
[0.5146934986114502]
[339.2851867675781]
[0.13075435161590576]
[1.9128286838531494]
[2.5556602478027344]
[6.903102397918701]
[80.17628479003906]
[0.49762725830078125]
[0.2186232954263687]
[0.41019073128700256]
[0.6467369794845581]
[0.44040247797966003]
[5.962231636047363]
[0.27215954661369324]
[0.041041165590286255]
[2.931032180786133]
[0.41543418169021606]
[0.11965101957321167]
[7.593527317047119]
[3.075913906097412]
[1.1165919303894043]
[0.24238327145576477]
[6.636864185333252]
[0.44289204478263855]
[0.7331069707870483]
[1.069344401359558]
[0.8963260650634766]
[0.1178157776594162]
[65.5374526977539]
[3.9259331226348877]
[0.7131717801094055]
[12.856254577636719]
[0.38945022225379944]
[1.0851130485534668]
[8.737421035766602]
[3.343092918395996]
[41.856529235839844]
[0.14798922836780548]
[0.4451657235622406]
[4.407499313354492]
[1.1834380626678467]
[8.495267868041992]
[0.27856606245040894]
[0.9207183718681335]
[1393.5234375]
[6.940157413482666]
[0.8848888278007507]
[14.968181610107422]
[8.924022674560547]
[2.3416712284088135]
[730.5812377929688]
[0.06606818735599518]
[1.380190372467041]
[1.7501782178878784]
[0.30596089363098145]
[8.4520902633667]
[3.0213003158569336]
[0.35927674174308777]
[76.79041290283203]
[0.5363928079605103]
[0.5449905395507812]
[0.1593095362186432]
[13.154109001159668]
[1.5328108072280884]
[2.276557207107544]
[1.345776081085205]
[23.89657974243164]
[14.105925559997559]
[19.074970245361328]
[1.3566043376922607]
[3.7953710556030273]
[0.8115190863609314]
[19.530244827270508]
[27.364744186401367]
[5.341335296630859]
[3.5997958183288574]
[0.5375744104385376]
[0.7253502011299133]
[6.465729236602783]
[0.47699230909347534]
[2.067958116531372]
[0.2279166728258133]
[3.0331015586853027]
[3.2710700035095215]
[3.1989963054656982]
[44.45357894897461]
[0.11488605290651321]
[3.5753421783447266]
[11.969688415527344]
[1.5351866483688354]
[12.380847930908203]
[7.989019870758057]
[0.47584298253059387]
[2.432183265686035]
[6.054401874542236]
[1.2012194395065308]
[0.9489436149597168]
[58.78241729736328]
[1.3870270252227783]
[5.149867057800293]
[6.224880218505859]
[30.2714786529541]
[1.2949960231781006]
[0.45034798979759216]
[12.731478691101074]
[1.0596365928649902]
[1.4270225763320923]
[0.19874070584774017]
[0.15254293382167816]
[3.673841953277588]
[12.49155044555664]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.8877522945404053]
[75.7652587890625]
[0.7285113334655762]
[2.063831090927124]
[9.478836059570312]
[7.634414196014404]
[4.939641952514648]
[0.8063185214996338]
[0.7677732706069946]
[0.39183372259140015]
[1.3744806051254272]
[3.036947250366211]
[1.640613079071045]
[4.173091888427734]
[0.1858965903520584]
[105.90067291259766]
[0.5246995687484741]
[7.730609893798828]
[45.90572738647461]
[2.8312265872955322]
[1.5362468957901]
[1.1293208599090576]
[0.9574702382087708]
[5.718941688537598]
[12.221506118774414]
[0.3805263042449951]
[6.12722110748291]
[2.294952154159546]
[0.45047542452812195]
[6.683229923248291]
[1.635903000831604]
[6.388948440551758]
[0.02876773104071617]
[17.885921478271484]
[0.09941962361335754]
[0.35222315788269043]
[2.7976808547973633]
[1.0544034242630005]
[3.492177724838257]
[1.3201693296432495]
[12.383308410644531]
[307.75665283203125]
[16.721872329711914]
[4.480528354644775]
[2.455087900161743]
[1.163459300994873]
[10.899591445922852]
[4.189635276794434]
[12.151501655578613]
[0.472021222114563]
[40.588600158691406]
[1.8324836492538452]
[1.759863018989563]
[16.219593048095703]
[5.381975173950195]
[0.3441983163356781]
[0.7500613331794739]
[1.6941804885864258]
[0.9029353260993958]
[1.1143255233764648]
[4.056931018829346]
[7.869897842407227]
[0.9548535346984863]
[7.618219375610352]
[7.192607402801514]
[0.5251848101615906]
[0.6793175339698792]
[0.0314483568072319]
[2.2549185752868652]
[91.61804962158203]
[0.14002357423305511]
[0.41202104091644287]
[1.7614399194717407]
[9.569045066833496]
[1.1953176259994507]
[2.307968854904175]
[2.901498794555664]
[4.371810436248779]
[0.13441818952560425]
[5.968808650970459]
[0.9087462425231934]
[7.475256443023682]
[0.36031264066696167]
[227.02944946289062]
[6.264212608337402]
[1.0811578035354614]
[7.026263236999512]
[1.0932103395462036]
[153.6819305419922]
[14.603816986083984]
[3.9853219985961914]
[0.44364121556282043]
[5.248192310333252]
[0.37868544459342957]
[0.2497556507587433]
[493.57342529296875]
[1.719011664390564]
[128.0965576171875]
[0.5950782895088196]
[6.731841564178467]
[0.8195980787277222]
[2.12247896194458]
[0.6066052317619324]
[1.65846848487854]
[5.717404365539551]
[1.4432927370071411]
[3.7836403846740723]
[10.147454261779785]
[13.856911659240723]
[0.7134628295898438]
[1.9834786653518677]
[0.2157113254070282]
[14.276226997375488]
[1.3405801057815552]
[3.0053229331970215]
[1.2741492986679077]
[0.19078892469406128]
[9.715007781982422]
[1.5313782691955566]
[0.501587986946106]
[0.33712509274482727]
[15.236503601074219]
[0.1573728322982788]
[1.063584327697754]
[0.8084820508956909]
[21.984804153442383]
[0.1713244765996933]
[0.7138382196426392]
[2.6528067588806152]
[0.7123855352401733]
[1.2429299354553223]
[11.932459831237793]
[10.538346290588379]
[6.265106201171875]
[160.17367553710938]
[0.3053012490272522]
[14.026688575744629]
[4.422798156738281]
[4.421271800994873]
[0.8380905985832214]
[1.99394953250885]
[0.982570469379425]
[4.901907444000244]
[1.0912632942199707]
[2.493312358856201]
[2.5701088905334473]
[0.2984830141067505]
[1.025284767150879]
[55.027137756347656]
[4.440523624420166]
[11.729966163635254]
[0.06157080829143524]
[0.894152820110321]
[7.2404465675354]
[1.217882513999939]
[2.0311684608459473]
[8.365480422973633]
[0.6610965132713318]
[0.6811637878417969]
[0.16340185701847076]
[1.4596450328826904]
[1.5801304578781128]
[0.8969008922576904]
[2.893813133239746]
[0.050021812319755554]
[0.9207419753074646]
[0.6655511260032654]
[2.075132131576538]
[1.5407805442810059]
[3.2930681705474854]
[1.0017324686050415]
[8.44277572631836]
[3.291287422180176]
[2.217039108276367]
[1.3200523853302002]
[3.385000705718994]
[2.314378499984741]
[5.8351149559021]
[244.5310516357422]
[6.262596607208252]
[0.7870068550109863]
[2.1692066192626953]
[1.8820865154266357]
[3.148118019104004]
[0.7811756134033203]
[0.8453556299209595]
[3.11236572265625]
[11.550907135009766]
[14.61425495147705]
[1.0306652784347534]
[25.000150680541992]
[0.2253003567457199]
[59.71567916870117]
[43.514503479003906]
[2.2585127353668213]
[0.5374734997749329]
[9.347580909729004]
[4.7595133781433105]
[1.4851568937301636]
[0.3290548324584961]
[0.8557772040367126]
[15.3890962600708]
[2.631059169769287]
[101.0135269165039]
[4.413455963134766]
[1.160294532775879]
[1.764622449874878]
[1.1336904764175415]
[6.804973125457764]
[4.0675883293151855]
[6.453112602233887]
[1.277133822441101]
[6.3057661056518555]
[0.8742833137512207]
[2.1077988147735596]
[8.73642349243164]
[0.017389371991157532]
[120.58673858642578]
[3.925534963607788]
[8.261883735656738]
[2.3572394847869873]
[10.977604866027832]
[2.121594190597534]
[6.088352203369141]
[1.0730026960372925]
[1.2730295658111572]
[0.44039401412010193]
[0.6274799704551697]
[0.5405510663986206]
[1.543398380279541]
[11.623191833496094]
[0.3165930509567261]
[0.5588391423225403]
[0.0915888324379921]
[4.09778356552124]
[1.1049528121948242]
[1.7044681310653687]
[1.169004201889038]
[1.5201678276062012]
[2.294848918914795]
[0.8370077013969421]
[0.7181898355484009]
[0.5213176608085632]
[4.660029411315918]
[11.702132225036621]
[0.21556608378887177]
[0.9525073170661926]
[111.3919448852539]
[0.26618891954421997]
[1.1041674613952637]
[39.83137512207031]
[3.2273519039154053]
[0.23205478489398956]
[4.374946117401123]
[0.22646820545196533]
[0.23174729943275452]
[1011.7404174804688]
[1.8964087963104248]
[0.2945696711540222]
[0.38806045055389404]
[0.6234981417655945]
[0.3964942991733551]
[8.098590850830078]
[8.147903442382812]
[1.6627395153045654]
[5.604694843292236]
[7.028274059295654]
[17.746614456176758]
[0.7628825902938843]
[0.32420870661735535]
[25.498868942260742]
[7.319965839385986]
[2.6986474990844727]
[2.2454895973205566]
[30.499048233032227]
[53.169857025146484]
[5.306849479675293]
[24.8140869140625]
[20.72125816345215]
[4.089571475982666]
[2.8551485538482666]
[3.723727226257324]
[13.770377159118652]
[16.995800018310547]
[2.1071884632110596]
[25.012025833129883]
[19.465341567993164]
[1.8122010231018066]
[6.534581184387207]
[8.27314281463623]
[3.5079331398010254]
[2.6577043533325195]
[13.148124694824219]
[16.12895965576172]
[2.633512258529663]
[2.4035487174987793]
[4.908807754516602]
[1.6082843542099]
[4.106308937072754]
[0.05592235177755356]
[17.509418487548828]
[6.210394382476807]
[14.035273551940918]
[8.9275484085083]
[33.3932991027832]
[16.884265899658203]
[2.3857831954956055]
[1.7136147022247314]
[0.24889491498470306]
[1.5836338996887207]
[7.201789379119873]
[6.716082572937012]
[0.7621576189994812]
[2.3486602306365967]
[0.29778558015823364]
[2.415015459060669]
[1.595881700515747]
[1.5024946928024292]
[5.788200855255127]
[9.897079467773438]
[2.391300678253174]
[0.06466711312532425]
[9.09410572052002]
[0.5738765597343445]
[15.37614631652832]
[22.254575729370117]
[0.5526259541511536]
[4.512399196624756]
[1.7232803106307983]
[2.201484441757202]
[0.543549120426178]
[1.565269112586975]
[1.6921342611312866]
[1.6635762453079224]
[41.54323196411133]
[4.839411735534668]
[1.663652777671814]
[0.19111613929271698]
[16.083681106567383]
[1.9628431797027588]
[14.541561126708984]
[0.3360404968261719]
[65.80203247070312]
[5.818367958068848]
[134.17721557617188]
[1.3777104616165161]
[0.5783859491348267]
[25.524890899658203]
[0.013981982134282589]
[1.992579460144043]
[5.103435516357422]
[10.197103500366211]
[1.6496621370315552]
[13.91036605834961]
[8.203851699829102]
[0.3976064920425415]
[0.6105305552482605]
[0.18282625079154968]
[2.5707268714904785]
[0.420088529586792]
[1.771040916442871]
[8.248468399047852]
[25.6724910736084]
[2055.675048828125]
[3.248549461364746]
[1.5057412385940552]
[1.4331464767456055]
[13.751384735107422]
[11.564360618591309]
[0.8556433916091919]
[119.4384765625]
[5.561479568481445]
[2.282412528991699]
[3.9984805583953857]
[9.372075080871582]
[2.360779047012329]
[12.686039924621582]
[8.390851974487305]
[64.16531372070312]
[51.126155853271484]
[35.684669494628906]
[86.88302612304688]
[14.10291862487793]
[2.500070333480835]
[0.08408179879188538]
[8.394296646118164]
[90.95825958251953]
[59.09409713745117]
[1.3790947198867798]
[2.0197675228118896]
[0.5201717615127563]
[11.603750228881836]
[13.890841484069824]
[1.9188259840011597]
[3.044577121734619]
[10.900263786315918]
[9.79935073852539]
[13.941449165344238]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[19.537641525268555]
[41.772891998291016]
[0.15748491883277893]
[6.775656223297119]
[4.163991928100586]
[81.75994873046875]
[22.179794311523438]
[0.12351925671100616]
[1.3413591384887695]
[0.6512014269828796]
[9.991185188293457]
[6.237767219543457]
[1.1224150657653809]
[38.245765686035156]
[0.3528239130973816]
[1.8739075660705566]
[1.1243788003921509]
[8.711854934692383]
[77.56536102294922]
[1.3106513023376465]
[0.5242006182670593]
[137.41323852539062]
[0.8863629698753357]
[3.2501745223999023]
[3.938953161239624]
[2.629410982131958]
[6.618657112121582]
[0.8256416320800781]
[7.366867542266846]
[125.48674774169922]
[1.4074373245239258]
[1.3048312664031982]
[23.220205307006836]
[20.298154830932617]
[93.08564758300781]
[2.9296979904174805]
[0.6877192854881287]
[21.111190795898438]
[1.132026195526123]
[0.6400587558746338]
[1.0118423700332642]
[2.1711127758026123]
[4.8527607917785645]
[0.7457528710365295]
[1.9385201930999756]
[6.039073467254639]
[9.892827987670898]
[1.755266547203064]
[4.607596397399902]
[2.980813980102539]
[2.318058490753174]
[3.4755425453186035]
[0.5919432640075684]
[0.767182469367981]
[1.0982643365859985]
[4.222353935241699]
[1.0432701110839844]
[1.0084375143051147]
[15.123680114746094]
[1.2430429458618164]
[0.4813235402107239]
[0.6152091026306152]
[0.2579374313354492]
[10.427197456359863]
[9.105398178100586]
[8.661334991455078]
[0.8803375959396362]
[1.2163206338882446]
[1.277527928352356]
[24.314668655395508]
[0.6359416246414185]
[5.221036434173584]
[5.193987846374512]
[37.511756896972656]
[1.18044114112854]
[27.382966995239258]
[2.5263097286224365]
[0.9028382301330566]
[0.3268853425979614]
[8.28036880493164]
[4.858341217041016]
[0.04601050540804863]
[7.100396156311035]
[7.731637954711914]
[0.5184226036071777]
[0.3330870568752289]
[22.460731506347656]
[1.6340370178222656]
[2.404872417449951]
[0.7784183621406555]
[2.4846982955932617]
[4.344371318817139]
[5.423858165740967]
[3.029271125793457]
[7.888778209686279]
[7.350858211517334]
[0.9716780185699463]
[0.5134329199790955]
[2.172224521636963]
[81.68029022216797]
[0.820214033126831]
[1.194576621055603]
[5.230460166931152]
[12.794217109680176]
[1.0302139520645142]
[1.8270289897918701]
[1.1313135623931885]
[6.357835292816162]
[0.4635184407234192]
[9.42000961303711]
[0.42368316650390625]
[6.128930568695068]
[5.5723371505737305]
[6.69713020324707]
[0.6878158450126648]
[0.27931079268455505]
[0.09519843757152557]
[58.85273742675781]
[1.23868989944458]
[1.1826812028884888]
[0.044988296926021576]
[1.5312721729278564]
[2.889988422393799]
[1.535825252532959]
[7.387109279632568]
[61.2534065246582]
[14.263282775878906]
[2.633481979370117]
[0.040240198373794556]
[1.3070592880249023]
[134.0254364013672]
[0.19913238286972046]
[1.4797439575195312]
[0.17596489191055298]
[0.6393913626670837]
[0.7390733957290649]
[2.6029117107391357]
[0.5999229550361633]
[3.940490484237671]
[0.4050593674182892]
[5.148138523101807]
[0.3517407178878784]
[5.306879043579102]
[6.858060359954834]
[1.4319854974746704]
[2.8852624893188477]
[80.30836486816406]
[0.4313699007034302]
[0.581784188747406]
[5.984374523162842]
[7.5847578048706055]
[5.174118518829346]
[1.2158008813858032]
[0.8324903249740601]
[1.884702205657959]
[4.886115550994873]
[0.2341662347316742]
[36.66562271118164]
[0.4850864112377167]
[0.27507418394088745]
[1.0451451539993286]
[0.6111825704574585]
[0.9566078782081604]
[1.32403564453125]
[2.086921453475952]
[41.970069885253906]
[9.84668254852295]
[6.132233142852783]
[58.038360595703125]
[8.407988548278809]
[0.01900860294699669]
[62.01105499267578]
[1.0028049945831299]
[0.23483705520629883]
[8.1707181930542]
[86.30845642089844]
[5.845371246337891]
[0.9397619366645813]
[4.858399868011475]
[2.0152065753936768]
[1.5728399753570557]
[1.1925394535064697]
[0.27145683765411377]
[0.714934229850769]
[0.5079229474067688]
[0.6349831223487854]
[4.5680131912231445]
[3.0448074340820312]
[0.3130161464214325]
[1.2676728963851929]
[10.14850902557373]
[0.019821900874376297]
[7.929940223693848]
[65.7270736694336]
[298.7643737792969]
[0.8141403794288635]
[4.645648002624512]
[2.6469857692718506]
[0.19064201414585114]
[0.579424262046814]
[1.4740614891052246]
[1.442205548286438]
[4.633946418762207]
[3.0787758827209473]
[0.500156819820404]
[0.6213810443878174]
[2.1204726696014404]
[9.149401664733887]
[13.848339080810547]
[8.488761901855469]
[81.60359954833984]
[3.379722833633423]
[8.39150333404541]
[12.384319305419922]
[23.934619903564453]
[2.250915288925171]
[13.797049522399902]
[130.8275146484375]
[1.0707679986953735]
[0.23813709616661072]
[0.24946624040603638]
[0.736640989780426]
[1.5730186700820923]
[108.8344955444336]
[4.6827216148376465]
[1.6787092685699463]
[6.067468643188477]
[0.01545940712094307]
[0.280796617269516]
[44.299163818359375]
[0.6526530385017395]
[129.78321838378906]
[122.498046875]
[0.6163638830184937]
[0.5183380246162415]
[0.6451832056045532]
[1.3150886297225952]
[41.602943420410156]
[8.823494911193848]
[0.7743144035339355]
[3.524507522583008]
[1.1061347723007202]
[7.658163547515869]
[1.073166012763977]
[20.277769088745117]
[0.7321649193763733]
[71.09577941894531]
[99.1819076538086]
[35.89985656738281]
[0.3452602028846741]
[0.8856586217880249]
[0.4806852340698242]
[0.5504153370857239]
[5.693326950073242]
[2.7102973461151123]
[3.2072582244873047]
[0.35703685879707336]
[10.534612655639648]
[0.5405031442642212]
[2.4721059799194336]
[0.17323608696460724]
[0.0998290553689003]
[13.920495986938477]
[0.26061785221099854]
[1.5835504531860352]
[1.0088838338851929]
[3.3491692543029785]
[2.7037229537963867]
[0.8046115636825562]
[0.17592346668243408]
[37.3950309753418]
[0.4366091787815094]
[0.33159321546554565]
[4.459191799163818]
[0.847199022769928]
[0.9745046496391296]
[2.5559568405151367]
[30.277019500732422]
[3.438992977142334]
[2.368518590927124]
[11.222980499267578]
[2.216111660003662]
[2.603878974914551]
[16.87551498413086]
[1.4191346168518066]
[133.58956909179688]
[15.197083473205566]
[1.3885034322738647]
[6.305717945098877]
[5.557277679443359]
[0.5967860221862793]
[1.126057505607605]
[8.133776664733887]
[73.50658416748047]
[0.24437256157398224]
[0.9427472949028015]
[0.2397599071264267]
[3.7729742527008057]
[5.039575099945068]
[271.0185852050781]
[9.869519233703613]
[23.742128372192383]
[15.694629669189453]
[6.862061977386475]
[7.565652847290039]
[0.2555316984653473]
[11.113849639892578]
[1.7733039855957031]
[0.14915905892848969]
[7.8559465408325195]
[1.7525883913040161]
[7.2036213874816895]
[124.75701141357422]
[6.787508964538574]
[8.115277290344238]
[0.7830641865730286]
[0.4278668165206909]
[0.4299534857273102]
[1.0202051401138306]
[1.973671555519104]
[60.298614501953125]
[0.6288290023803711]
[0.2558215856552124]
[0.5545565485954285]
[5.689756870269775]
[1.3697991371154785]
[11.912971496582031]
[1.0911556482315063]
[1.9755148887634277]
[0.11965278536081314]
[3.5660648345947266]
[0.4813324213027954]
[6.871549606323242]
[12.19428825378418]
[1.544653296470642]
[0.5145944952964783]
[1.5864628553390503]
[1.0533034801483154]
[1.2801121473312378]
[1.6272746324539185]
[22.386934280395508]
[1.6644346714019775]
[1.2550475597381592]
[2.4753878116607666]
[10.157873153686523]
[2.3582730293273926]
[0.6235907077789307]
[958.1964721679688]
[1.132655382156372]
[5.028334140777588]
[8.754453659057617]
[18.264814376831055]
[143.3312530517578]
[24.127700805664062]
[15.482891082763672]
[3.734257698059082]
[13.692501068115234]
[100.40441131591797]
[1.3571056127548218]
[1.093514323234558]
[58.063602447509766]
[3.0024969577789307]
[16.410459518432617]
[11.808937072753906]
[8.727081298828125]
[2.3327152729034424]
[10.9342679977417]
[3.851222038269043]
[1.9454989433288574]
[0.8862236142158508]
[4.236352443695068]
[9.567044258117676]
[1.5819414854049683]
[2.777958631515503]
[0.3661206066608429]
[18.275115966796875]
[1.694364070892334]
[16.974611282348633]
[6.342550277709961]
[8.53826904296875]
[0.48941245675086975]
[24.57177734375]
[2.9364185333251953]
[2.2391884326934814]
[1.1143122911453247]
[35.05830001831055]
[0.015633955597877502]
[1.917466402053833]
[84.75065612792969]
[1.4913617372512817]
[1.3948652744293213]
[11.975473403930664]
[3.7369582653045654]
[0.7713385224342346]
[21.5343074798584]
[0.19508495926856995]
[0.5629048943519592]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[306.233154296875]
[0.3090721368789673]
[0.6409050822257996]
[128.43719482421875]
[1.6427303552627563]
[16.229022979736328]
[2.487565279006958]
[10.007704734802246]
[0.012783688493072987]
[2.860520362854004]
[1.8619149923324585]
[4.103950023651123]
[0.25642773509025574]
[15.553332328796387]
[0.2863105535507202]
[1.8311184644699097]
[16.013750076293945]
[0.4609207808971405]
[81.40630340576172]
[4.129237174987793]
[0.34422028064727783]
[1.9444845914840698]
[10.005294799804688]
[1.368030071258545]
[15.710326194763184]
[5.150207996368408]
[32.3154411315918]
[16.375513076782227]
[15.7429780960083]
[2.271156072616577]
[0.723541796207428]
[1.7730131149291992]
[2.5546953678131104]
[0.31259316205978394]
[0.6581590175628662]
[5.406066417694092]
[9.140746116638184]
[53.816932678222656]
[1.8794227838516235]
[2.30971360206604]
[0.7659254670143127]
[0.37155506014823914]
[15.462820053100586]
[8.359278678894043]
[1.420952320098877]
[40.6546745300293]
[0.3236241638660431]
[2.533372402191162]
[13.054515838623047]
[16.449968338012695]
[11.005784034729004]
[23.200273513793945]
[5.1819047927856445]
[0.326865017414093]
[8.757940292358398]
[2.20090913772583]
[0.10399293154478073]
[10.818611145019531]
[0.44404396414756775]
[5.152672290802002]
[1.085761308670044]
[11.484427452087402]
[1.1935292482376099]
[0.7036468386650085]
[10.000350952148438]
[0.28449931740760803]
[10.319143295288086]
[7.494885444641113]
[8.538093566894531]
[0.5743377208709717]
[0.20719589293003082]
[1.0327448844909668]
[14.385148048400879]
[9.499366760253906]
[0.5123395919799805]
[0.4539071321487427]
[1.302883505821228]
[7.821987152099609]
[0.31750622391700745]
[0.8065124750137329]
[8.96800708770752]
[3.3511221408843994]
[0.3374999761581421]
[0.21983641386032104]
[0.9277757406234741]
[1.75754714012146]
[36.47011947631836]
[25.419946670532227]
[0.5390040874481201]
[1.2593650817871094]
[0.23654846847057343]
[7.558896541595459]
[12.004817008972168]
[2.1293392181396484]
[0.4746377468109131]
[0.4006279408931732]
[1.8791351318359375]
[14.49223518371582]
[2.0761771202087402]
[0.10307182371616364]
[3.045196533203125]
[1.0408860445022583]
[10.895877838134766]
[0.49206608533859253]
[1.1210668087005615]
[2.763396978378296]
[11.768570899963379]
[2.2476089000701904]
[0.8305618762969971]
[72.56637573242188]
[242.51727294921875]
[0.9219922423362732]
[0.36994460225105286]
[8.402584075927734]
[1.4182392358779907]
[1.5688613653182983]
[0.71124267578125]
[15.023675918579102]
[0.4153582751750946]
[0.12791065871715546]
[0.3528158962726593]
[0.16114452481269836]
[0.015881532803177834]
[7.592092514038086]
[2.0467169284820557]
[0.6031149625778198]
[0.6289899349212646]
[1.1591521501541138]
[0.37492454051971436]
[3.8049428462982178]
[752.738037109375]
[0.12422481179237366]
[3.954089641571045]
[8.422359466552734]
[1.1764421463012695]
[1.5488028526306152]
[2.722151517868042]
[0.485611230134964]
[2.4706075191497803]
[14.417130470275879]
[3.0012261867523193]
[5.059360980987549]
[105.922607421875]
[11.039350509643555]
[10.790000915527344]
[6.5284905433654785]
[6.496192455291748]
[0.9001081585884094]
[0.4189477264881134]
[0.3182365298271179]
[0.06375479698181152]
[2.11776065826416]
[1.1466602087020874]
[8.398589134216309]
[23.008424758911133]
[4.036970615386963]
[1.1001956462860107]
[0.519440770149231]
[5.139814853668213]
[2.8809261322021484]
[2.933232069015503]
[211.55624389648438]
[0.34882766008377075]
[0.22414307296276093]
[0.23921024799346924]
[858.3596801757812]
[0.2311442345380783]
[1.727595567703247]
[7.461694240570068]
[31.27806854248047]
[6.407352924346924]
[0.32828739285469055]
[0.7060874104499817]
[2.3626461029052734]
[1.5658913850784302]
[119.94280242919922]
[3.8953921794891357]
[3.0337696075439453]
[0.335366427898407]
[57.158660888671875]
[18.794479370117188]
[5.717207431793213]
[18.592769622802734]
[4.698856353759766]
[107.80046081542969]
[59.25849533081055]
[3.08670711517334]
[7.929830551147461]
[27.06081771850586]
[42.56782150268555]
[0.07102438062429428]
[0.23950596153736115]
[0.7180435061454773]
[4.7642107009887695]
[28.444629669189453]
[1.650589942932129]
[6.737863063812256]
[5.2152299880981445]
[12.710531234741211]
[11.560218811035156]
[4.151185512542725]
[3.082557439804077]
[7.079648017883301]
[6.804808139801025]
[2.1505720615386963]
[0.3982459306716919]
[26.6148738861084]
[21.425039291381836]
[6.2979302406311035]
[10.017932891845703]
[4.266067981719971]
[0.39424219727516174]
[1.671897292137146]
[1.3289856910705566]
[1.6924984455108643]
[0.3268899917602539]
[5.536578178405762]
[91.8749771118164]
[0.5446224808692932]
[12.730554580688477]
[0.18641775846481323]
[6.0590996742248535]
[67.25138854980469]
[7.04587459564209]
[4.837900161743164]
[5.397706508636475]
[2.607372760772705]
[7.331579685211182]
[1.2916314601898193]
[0.647723913192749]
[0.014761094003915787]
[1.9241715669631958]
[7.6443562507629395]
[0.9036191701889038]
[4.319685459136963]
[7.017920970916748]
[4.511236190795898]
[0.16987672448158264]
[0.5482814908027649]
[2.450789451599121]
[2.6267685890197754]
[7.073429107666016]
[0.017024114727973938]
[2.0076465606689453]
[7.684267520904541]
[3.149787664413452]
[0.7784292697906494]
[17.313379287719727]
[1.668501377105713]
[0.3699810802936554]
[1.2189866304397583]
[4.707764148712158]
[51.560726165771484]
[2.3740234375]
[1.0438894033432007]
[6.613315582275391]
[0.32641929388046265]
[3.5673043727874756]
[0.8212206363677979]
[8.955759048461914]
[0.07907041907310486]
[121.90289306640625]
[9.308323860168457]
[1.2507023811340332]
[78.76753997802734]
[59.76349639892578]
[0.041912708431482315]
[0.8764312863349915]
[0.04505104571580887]
[5.660610198974609]
[1.1282094717025757]
[0.6521071791648865]
[0.04603790119290352]
[0.7303240895271301]
[8.569504737854004]
[95.36148071289062]
[21.952774047851562]
[7.073879241943359]
[10.167850494384766]
[1060.9697265625]
[4.026176929473877]
[0.02887367643415928]
[1.6833986043930054]
[50.89393997192383]
[6.593050003051758]
[109.61247253417969]
[7.877570629119873]
[1.6208410263061523]
[1.0657539367675781]
[21.185956954956055]
[8.097874641418457]
[0.36171954870224]
[1.3546620607376099]
[1.9459916353225708]
[2.4310789108276367]
[0.7951140403747559]
[18.449674606323242]
[6.8958587646484375]
[6.623166084289551]
[6.254568576812744]
[11.556554794311523]
[10.453034400939941]
[89.03192138671875]
[2.8261663913726807]
[5.688613414764404]
[1.2284656763076782]
[8.973597526550293]
[0.5252410769462585]
[3.9739344120025635]
[9.213959693908691]
[5.408367156982422]
[0.3430007994174957]
[72.4864730834961]
[11.155982971191406]
[3.585148572921753]
[1.9973450899124146]
[12.879111289978027]
[143.0850830078125]
[7.294620990753174]
[124.6054916381836]
[4.762632369995117]
[1.538190484046936]
[2.7826857566833496]
[0.3060532510280609]
[4.869216442108154]
[0.26287955045700073]
[1.1593148708343506]
[3.395961046218872]
[0.3862379491329193]
[2.775552749633789]
[6.4493207931518555]
[4.688326358795166]
[1.7115561962127686]
[3.8889355659484863]
[5.301724433898926]
[2.2732555866241455]
[2.571192979812622]
[3.456859827041626]
[11.505108833312988]
[7.686185359954834]
[93.71356201171875]
[8.144449234008789]
[89.7835922241211]
[2.5859436988830566]
[4.221328258514404]
[8.18732738494873]
[0.788941502571106]
[7.070048809051514]
[1.7043474912643433]
[6.94233512878418]
[0.6458388566970825]
[5.8738555908203125]
[2.102733612060547]
[0.768441379070282]
[2.403050661087036]
[0.5092244148254395]
[1.3898210525512695]
[1.7709460258483887]
[0.6182119846343994]
[2.82375431060791]
[94.80650329589844]
[0.5992745161056519]
[0.39094486832618713]
[17.945270538330078]
[5.470396518707275]
[8.957077980041504]
[1.9359184503555298]
[0.5456681251525879]
[0.3909628391265869]
[25.959674835205078]
[3.382417917251587]
[3.261704206466675]
[4.694037437438965]
[8.722258567810059]
[2821.873046875]
[3.765364646911621]
[0.016163920983672142]
[6.857942581176758]
[4.583304405212402]
[2.1120316982269287]
[17.833765029907227]
[2.0372796058654785]
[29.248666763305664]
[97.03065490722656]
[8.246613502502441]
[26.82843780517578]
[17.503366470336914]
[25.121990203857422]
[24.567777633666992]
[2.330112934112549]
[37.47394561767578]
[24.047536849975586]
[0.6941710710525513]
[25.342439651489258]
[0.795503556728363]
[98.7923812866211]
[8.231659889221191]
[2.0428683757781982]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[25.092552185058594]
[4.594480991363525]
[6.220367431640625]
[15.018653869628906]
[253.88238525390625]
[7.290652275085449]
[25.009267807006836]
[31.94936752319336]
[12.83032512664795]
[7.5900163650512695]
[1.9010505676269531]
[9.149248123168945]
[13.994441032409668]
[6.169397354125977]
[21.656160354614258]
[13.59861946105957]
[1.3445931673049927]
[15.98078727722168]
[42.50582504272461]
[0.6635339260101318]
[74.07408905029297]
[96.063720703125]
[1.2756617069244385]
[2.8936519622802734]
[8.530091285705566]
[1.4837018251419067]
[110.75643920898438]
[2.7171151638031006]
[1.2208991050720215]
[8.075201034545898]
[2.590142011642456]
[3.4148993492126465]
[0.9463256001472473]
[13.748856544494629]
[109.0745620727539]
[19.525590896606445]
[5.667510509490967]
[2.4786863327026367]
[9.489324569702148]
[1.2997170686721802]
[3.767210006713867]
[10.828351020812988]
[7.769587516784668]
[2.822995901107788]
[13.632328987121582]
[3.055582284927368]
[5.515411376953125]
[6.447831630706787]
[4.282853126525879]
[12.727840423583984]
[0.8643559813499451]
[0.8208141922950745]
[16.890281677246094]
[0.9808456897735596]
[21.730737686157227]
[1.8732072114944458]
[2.882941246032715]
[136.28297424316406]
[1.776707410812378]
[1.7628161907196045]
[1.0579121112823486]
[79.91603088378906]
[0.6638655066490173]
[3.9326794147491455]
[10.760210990905762]
[0.676073431968689]
[2.2385454177856445]
[10.815499305725098]
[3.0810461044311523]
[0.7060145735740662]
[0.029612138867378235]
[22.416589736938477]
[125.08384704589844]
[0.0848756730556488]
[1.146998405456543]
[0.5670908093452454]
[1.6633154153823853]
[45.850608825683594]
[1.5115476846694946]
[1.2835828065872192]
[1.8885910511016846]
[9.020526885986328]
[1.8211325407028198]
[1.5870212316513062]
[5.524733066558838]
[1.6444417238235474]
[0.24719923734664917]
[76.36030578613281]
[0.846892774105072]
[4.738539218902588]
[2.5632660388946533]
[14.721521377563477]
[2.2522377967834473]
[1.1216247081756592]
[1.485267996788025]
[0.43325331807136536]
[0.9848591089248657]
[38.11272430419922]
[1.249058485031128]
[77.5223159790039]
[8.410370826721191]
[2.2560629844665527]
[96.9450454711914]
[0.8994664549827576]
[5.866934299468994]
[0.5030642151832581]
[4.789825916290283]
[1.573026180267334]
[7.427667617797852]
[1.6953058242797852]
[322.5198669433594]
[4.998551845550537]
[5.074561595916748]
[12.552521705627441]
[4.857568264007568]
[23.560407638549805]
[6.96882438659668]
[5.925273418426514]
[15.988469123840332]
[12.141021728515625]
[0.37654873728752136]
[1.5250614881515503]
[0.2980008125305176]
[2.0263423919677734]
[5.502665996551514]
[2.811551570892334]
[2.375845432281494]
[0.6794860363006592]
[1.0633540153503418]
[2.3295998573303223]
[0.22855491936206818]
[18.711244583129883]
[1.6038424968719482]
[4.6129045486450195]
[9.234338760375977]
[7.453685283660889]
[6.856082916259766]
[1.2221217155456543]
[0.4807513952255249]
[6.727888107299805]
[10.294452667236328]
[5.457481861114502]
[2.6256885528564453]
[1.3525067567825317]
[0.2966805100440979]
[0.32007071375846863]
[9.781089782714844]
[10.915919303894043]
[100.16119384765625]
[0.7289065718650818]
[0.48817089200019836]
[5.135091781616211]
[5.89421272277832]
[170.0389404296875]
[0.9452853202819824]
[100.18838500976562]
[0.22550447285175323]
[0.8234498500823975]
[0.836830735206604]
[11.631457328796387]
[6.5571746826171875]
[10.217232704162598]
[75.4063949584961]
[82.40022277832031]
[1.8384402990341187]
[0.7108944654464722]
[10.190618515014648]
[9.00472640991211]
[5.108218193054199]
[11.9767427444458]
[117.65363311767578]
[0.5682970285415649]
[0.14750461280345917]
[52.651832580566406]
[7.5049824714660645]
[0.3497453033924103]
[0.9622868895530701]
[4.834373950958252]
[6.3887038230896]
[0.13222360610961914]
[4.941843509674072]
[0.47208380699157715]
[5.875885009765625]
[0.6155356764793396]
[9.352380752563477]
[2.1855640411376953]
[2.498647689819336]
[7.185689926147461]
[4.554076671600342]
[3.24296498298645]
[0.3537505269050598]
[4.570736885070801]
[0.08363154530525208]
[0.8546507954597473]
[0.27744925022125244]
[3.2924623489379883]
[0.652314305305481]
[7.544254779815674]
[5.999837875366211]
[1.9902034997940063]
[108.58073425292969]
[3.5487587451934814]
[1479.874267578125]
[0.6073724031448364]
[55.431190490722656]
[4.118256092071533]
[78.10488891601562]
[16.995121002197266]
[1.0021131038665771]
[16.810701370239258]
[7.378261566162109]
[24.342920303344727]
[0.2987789511680603]
[0.884722113609314]
[30.079561233520508]
[1.5083798170089722]
[24.87383270263672]
[4.861577033996582]
[1.3436217308044434]
[26.36954116821289]
[26.000295639038086]
[3.390178918838501]
[53.277164459228516]
[41.048439025878906]
[0.9161080718040466]
[14.037519454956055]
[62.80414581298828]
[0.5224247574806213]
[118.26642608642578]
[25.923818588256836]
[23.157455444335938]
[3.330916404724121]
[20.255699157714844]
[26.63082504272461]
[9.023153305053711]
[13.492300987243652]
[2.880702018737793]
[24.944564819335938]
[1.110682725906372]
[2.932650566101074]
[875.1370849609375]
[0.5147157907485962]
[6.35488748550415]
[0.9680235981941223]
[29.513586044311523]
[0.7869874835014343]
[1.8890037536621094]
[0.06698623299598694]
[18.725013732910156]
[0.4268704950809479]
[22.96917724609375]
[14.768906593322754]
[1.0706901550292969]
[2.7701146602630615]
[5.49716854095459]
[16.308704376220703]
[0.07755646854639053]
[8.144007682800293]
[1.9398655891418457]
[2.6021900177001953]
[1.5412896871566772]
[0.7827995419502258]
[6.009169101715088]
[5.871164321899414]
[0.22021232545375824]
[18.50543785095215]
[0.5409929156303406]
[0.8288610577583313]
[1.3995128870010376]
[12.971977233886719]
[0.16539227962493896]
[1.2957205772399902]
[0.316794753074646]
[10.83804702758789]
[14.48543930053711]
[7.417468070983887]
[16.065406799316406]
[0.29644542932510376]
[1.4968974590301514]
[6.001396656036377]
[1.1918200254440308]
[11.917981147766113]
[2.4900057315826416]
[2.3003854751586914]
[15.807337760925293]
[8.24788761138916]
[11.347917556762695]
[1.7738643884658813]
[112.86592864990234]
[0.5564333200454712]
[77.40684509277344]
[88.46469116210938]
[2.120659112930298]
[0.9102952480316162]
[0.38709136843681335]
[7.73806095123291]
[3.946085214614868]
[0.6719807982444763]
[13.189461708068848]
[8.427451133728027]
[0.028964292258024216]
[0.5601392388343811]
[14.458525657653809]
[4.070863723754883]
[3.514302968978882]
[6.875223159790039]
[8.77648639678955]
[91.08778381347656]
[0.4961257576942444]
[1.3681347370147705]
[1.9598748683929443]
[8.916418075561523]
[9.339581489562988]
[0.9345548152923584]
[9.16150188446045]
[4.985570907592773]
[0.832875669002533]
[4.553102493286133]
[9.945201873779297]
[4.6631927490234375]
[2.0673623085021973]
[1.5768322944641113]
[0.6515799164772034]
[1.9005982875823975]
[0.4372684955596924]
[0.7756226062774658]
[1.337857961654663]
[8.339168548583984]
[4.160541534423828]
[0.5976099371910095]
[0.12437336891889572]
[1347.9481201171875]
[8.98679256439209]
[3.573479413986206]
[4.99265718460083]
[4.956639289855957]
[10.333534240722656]
[0.7019510865211487]
[369.5738525390625]
[6.6461687088012695]
[1.9014545679092407]
[213.5366973876953]
[1.5830368995666504]
[5.513399124145508]
[0.6155473589897156]
[18.072628021240234]
[1.3560665845870972]
[30.979829788208008]
[4.285783767700195]
[21.248329162597656]
[15.340641021728516]
[0.8760460019111633]
[8.875351905822754]
[1.1782875061035156]
[34.06391525268555]
[0.3384450674057007]
[10.685407638549805]
[14.77566909790039]
[34.03535079956055]
[0.4261614680290222]
[0.6599336266517639]
[51.00200271606445]
[0.25658074021339417]
[18.837495803833008]
[2.58937931060791]
[1.4085034132003784]
[1.723419189453125]
[13.35673713684082]
[6.692763805389404]
[2.3073530197143555]
[6.802996635437012]
[6.828009605407715]
[20.593250274658203]
[2.4406898021698]
[1.1949669122695923]
[0.04391663521528244]
[1.4795219898223877]
[11.524616241455078]
[0.32952794432640076]
[63.553077697753906]
[6.5819411277771]
[2226.45361328125]
[0.03674567863345146]
[0.9151555895805359]
[1.6665884256362915]
[0.8011417388916016]
[10.4155855178833]
[10.791629791259766]
[23.759471893310547]
[32.128047943115234]
[18.520618438720703]
[0.6024319529533386]
[44.14366149902344]
[7.0393757820129395]
[1.434317946434021]
[23.400026321411133]
[85.26112365722656]
[21.222797393798828]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[22.1579647064209]
[4.644143104553223]
[200.23846435546875]
[34.500450134277344]
[9.600979804992676]
[29.5614070892334]
[34.19898986816406]
[43.235721588134766]
[27.352571487426758]
[16.88949966430664]
[1.5638175010681152]
[4.069782257080078]
[1.7707414627075195]
[9.160292625427246]
[1.6680941581726074]
[29.21198081970215]
[3.7821662425994873]
[24.410810470581055]
[6.302765369415283]
[8.423462867736816]
[34.283958435058594]
[7.362285137176514]
[1.0826472043991089]
[0.2740328013896942]
[1.845569133758545]
[44.90705108642578]
[14.702796936035156]
[15.532125473022461]
[0.41418129205703735]
[14.688495635986328]
[1.5048314332962036]
[4.1265058517456055]
[14.476178169250488]
[5.877874851226807]
[2.0064306259155273]
[270.328857421875]
[0.35498589277267456]
[3.048382520675659]
[10.008986473083496]
[88.095458984375]
[0.028154857456684113]
[3.7068991661071777]
[5.139618396759033]
[0.531262993812561]
[3.5118606090545654]
[2.8575689792633057]
[0.5567331910133362]
[1.5012717247009277]
[10.088581085205078]
[4.84295654296875]
[1.670060157775879]
[2.3180480003356934]
[9.870047569274902]
[1.564396619796753]
[1.6376028060913086]
[13.986939430236816]
[85.220458984375]
[15.319178581237793]
[8.631953239440918]
[7.588406562805176]
[1.709184169769287]
[0.41128990054130554]
[0.7895826697349548]
[0.41634464263916016]
[12.477148056030273]
[8.185888290405273]
[1.0649150609970093]
[11.864278793334961]
[5.536989212036133]
[0.7591089606285095]
[4.789207935333252]
[1.383794903755188]
[0.12939150631427765]
[0.06872393190860748]
[1.2355915307998657]
[3.2019126415252686]
[0.590753436088562]
[0.25185930728912354]
[23.783891677856445]
[1.573822021484375]
[0.3825472593307495]
[1.5155755281448364]
[3.013869047164917]
[51.3897819519043]
[0.9227880239486694]
[0.4553951621055603]
[0.7695298194885254]
[2.824256658554077]
[0.7135767936706543]
[0.055107682943344116]
[2.3467464447021484]
[4.585997581481934]
[0.2796420156955719]
[6.834650993347168]
[10.484436988830566]
[0.1722945272922516]
[0.31353121995925903]
[0.9862424731254578]
[17.18175506591797]
[1.1129974126815796]
[2.9974756240844727]
[1.6259883642196655]
[0.4561378061771393]
[0.5875437259674072]
[8.850250244140625]
[0.7366306781768799]
[1.5132097005844116]
[0.7178330421447754]
[9.100174903869629]
[0.49622464179992676]
[0.022581813856959343]
[43.05543518066406]
[6.977729320526123]
[0.6974924206733704]
[0.19761666655540466]
[11.13515853881836]
[13.258231163024902]
[0.5019601583480835]
[0.7297562956809998]
[0.8261421322822571]
[4.422255039215088]
[5.5813703536987305]
[1.0639464855194092]
[6.454011917114258]
[2.797030448913574]
[0.5311402082443237]
[8.052099227905273]
[77.38417053222656]
[89.27801513671875]
[116.54795837402344]
[5.809225082397461]
[4.746682643890381]
[6.893705368041992]
[0.13858766853809357]
[1.5494985580444336]
[2.223472833633423]
[3.1186113357543945]
[2.598318099975586]
[5.9532036781311035]
[20.587377548217773]
[2.279780149459839]
[16.568628311157227]
[0.22663933038711548]
[0.755909264087677]
[2.9563779830932617]
[0.964805006980896]
[0.11946621537208557]
[1.2998042106628418]
[76.2294921875]
[5.294100761413574]
[3.7804532051086426]
[3.6049535274505615]
[0.5127573609352112]
[0.6531155109405518]
[0.14854492247104645]
[0.8839197754859924]
[0.8928043842315674]
[37.2694206237793]
[2.601956367492676]
[0.2950025796890259]
[4.4705891609191895]
[14.318353652954102]
[0.12899267673492432]
[1.7059653997421265]
[12.028253555297852]
[142.9117889404297]
[7.384756565093994]
[0.12656185030937195]
[110.84534454345703]
[0.622512936592102]
[0.40641385316848755]
[0.38123050332069397]
[2.543670892715454]
[0.3543066680431366]
[0.4779546856880188]
[8.292176246643066]
[45.86992645263672]
[2.169330358505249]
[11.745579719543457]
[0.1770247220993042]
[2.562483787536621]
[0.49048012495040894]
[0.5084404349327087]
[0.6634858846664429]
[1.0366321802139282]
[0.26158881187438965]
[1.1390657424926758]
[10.031593322753906]
[3.026547908782959]
[0.9784094095230103]
[5.136009693145752]
[3.2809805870056152]
[0.6031591296195984]
[127.8841323852539]
[10.704217910766602]
[7.667946815490723]
[4.0827765464782715]
[3.9383933544158936]
[0.5389600992202759]
[11.96180534362793]
[1.5028769969940186]
[0.03221946209669113]
[0.5135003328323364]
[4.8516011238098145]
[1.6582287549972534]
[0.6468865871429443]
[0.13964857161045074]
[1.5242019891738892]
[0.5465502738952637]
[14.206611633300781]
[0.6263279914855957]
[7.1841840744018555]
[2.6767618656158447]
[13.443431854248047]
[6.6688127517700195]
[0.10757043957710266]
[44.58433151245117]
[0.8909552693367004]
[3.5029523372650146]
[5.536123752593994]
[4.225833892822266]
[4.315440654754639]
[126.10449981689453]
[3.021141767501831]
[3.10188364982605]
[1.951004981994629]
[1.7611700296401978]
[0.9118720293045044]
[1.7078362703323364]
[848.0931396484375]
[0.3336424231529236]
[4.170666694641113]
[1.2601993083953857]
[12.495426177978516]
[10.504738807678223]
[3.8522636890411377]
[3.44187593460083]
[1.6437093019485474]
[13.027137756347656]
[30.949382781982422]
[6.889047145843506]
[2.0373735427856445]
[1.2062381505966187]
[15.503217697143555]
[25.293352127075195]
[12.711221694946289]
[1.7646490335464478]
[26.591686248779297]
[4.535701274871826]
[22.305570602416992]
[9.617459297180176]
[0.1625170111656189]
[29.46556854248047]
[151.0625457763672]
[17.763229370117188]
[0.9000716209411621]
[130.73854064941406]
[1.3759751319885254]
[14.379351615905762]
[140.5026397705078]
[2.7463836669921875]
[7.070000648498535]
[2.348268985748291]
[1.408040165901184]
[5.135907173156738]
[28.45892333984375]
[0.41061466932296753]
[8.76094913482666]
[1.3000308275222778]
[0.6472129225730896]
[3.3879101276397705]
[2.569937229156494]
[11.21316909790039]
[0.17027948796749115]
[0.3254728317260742]
[0.4958411753177643]
[0.9935129284858704]
[11.776044845581055]
[0.6791998147964478]
[300.61614990234375]
[76.81102752685547]
[0.20735961198806763]
[12.033707618713379]
[0.7024690508842468]
[6.594406604766846]
[0.9219790101051331]
[0.5315020084381104]
[15.699468612670898]
[1.2266995906829834]
[91.14433288574219]
[1.181198000907898]
[1.6506325006484985]
[0.3186599016189575]
[76.55728149414062]
[1.7847235202789307]
[0.03637354075908661]
[4.2108354568481445]
[0.8190027475357056]
[1.0342769622802734]
[172.24081420898438]
[1.4034992456436157]
[0.7408702373504639]
[0.2517608404159546]
[6.560408115386963]
[1.1991676092147827]
[5.5356855392456055]
[0.09813377261161804]
[14.14027214050293]
[9.102282524108887]
[34.792110443115234]
[0.5103586912155151]
[0.8126346468925476]
[0.4679240882396698]
[12.068387031555176]
[1.0120805501937866]
[2.5701398849487305]
[2.7113237380981445]
[6.446678638458252]
[0.10093187540769577]
[2.4112906455993652]
[0.2467011958360672]
[0.9109248518943787]
[0.63495272397995]
[3.7101850509643555]
[0.7476420402526855]
[11.286282539367676]
[2.266191005706787]
[3.839315414428711]
[0.6649469137191772]
[6.803692817687988]
[0.13996411859989166]
[6.827673435211182]
[6.245864391326904]
[0.37117698788642883]
[8.31489086151123]
[14.707131385803223]
[4.067534923553467]
[1.7499916553497314]
[0.6939948201179504]
[7.0336594581604]
[0.40338951349258423]
[3.707751512527466]
[0.7433510422706604]
[0.9418225884437561]
[286.7344970703125]
[0.5011661648750305]
[1.2374979257583618]
[3.5506277084350586]
[0.3608778119087219]
[6.104363918304443]
[2.4531795978546143]
[0.8044043779373169]
[13.44493293762207]
[0.38688868284225464]
[1.6713372468948364]
[47.507118225097656]
[1.7174558639526367]
[0.22704021632671356]
[0.09437032043933868]
[7.673646926879883]
[0.489472895860672]
[5.0671305656433105]
[0.23430703580379486]
[0.6416583061218262]
[1.8999664783477783]
[0.44695407152175903]
[4.2110490798950195]
[9.437019348144531]
[0.46682339906692505]
[29.047414779663086]
[31.328659057617188]
[0.593071460723877]
[6.2340288162231445]
[3.3318514823913574]
[4.2894792556762695]
[4.949547290802002]
[4.8372979164123535]
[0.8297584056854248]
[0.6509153246879578]
[5.893945217132568]
[7.569663047790527]
[1.0137803554534912]
[0.4591100215911865]
[1433.087158203125]
[0.4601667821407318]
[1.684352159500122]
[5.513780117034912]
[4.8082990646362305]
[3.3362796306610107]
[15.654006004333496]
[9.113179206848145]
[0.07387276738882065]
[0.8204019665718079]
[0.9059624671936035]
[0.25546348094940186]
[339.8129577636719]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.2662838697433472]
[3.599991798400879]
[15.59495735168457]
[4.552217960357666]
[11.878643989562988]
[4.777742862701416]
[0.7783982753753662]
[1.8963009119033813]
[1.3168448209762573]
[1.4308055639266968]
[0.32207486033439636]
[128.11639404296875]
[14.217987060546875]
[13.855027198791504]
[0.08117467164993286]
[1.2220512628555298]
[18.738040924072266]
[0.2823236584663391]
[0.03520237281918526]
[1.2973781824111938]
[0.7220068573951721]
[9.377967834472656]
[14.661808013916016]
[1.3858987092971802]
[0.9461451768875122]
[5.321999549865723]
[23.480117797851562]
[0.5086681246757507]
[0.871187686920166]
[1.9162784814834595]
[70.06161499023438]
[3.5071709156036377]
[0.9035906791687012]
[17.69693374633789]
[6.386624813079834]
[45.065242767333984]
[10.056920051574707]
[0.0700085461139679]
[171.00897216796875]
[3.0880908966064453]
[1.6117072105407715]
[16.166698455810547]
[1.5589747428894043]
[10.028295516967773]
[11.426107406616211]
[2.487602949142456]
[4.688899517059326]
[22.558692932128906]
[5.714476108551025]
[3.05999755859375]
[6.977514266967773]
[1.2787567377090454]
[1712.9530029296875]
[0.1393817812204361]
[11.310603141784668]
[1.3536369800567627]
[0.015350057743489742]
[96.36564636230469]
[10.657942771911621]
[3.0679988861083984]
[29.977022171020508]
[12.164358139038086]
[1.5278130769729614]
[21.979286193847656]
[10.378142356872559]
[26.63736343383789]
[4.435998439788818]
[14.55465316772461]
[139.0428924560547]
[19.58995819091797]
[6.171600341796875]
[8.811726570129395]
[18.505529403686523]
[44.65281677246094]
[58.59413528442383]
[1.9142903089523315]
[27.343111038208008]
[9.036406517028809]
[3.2018213272094727]
[8.797076225280762]
[25.679780960083008]
[0.6785622239112854]
[1.9812285900115967]
[1.4521232843399048]
[0.18936452269554138]
[10.826091766357422]
[29.70334243774414]
[11.157423973083496]
[9.602533340454102]
[0.15192082524299622]
[1.4876354932785034]
[2.831341028213501]
[0.7704876065254211]
[5.581671714782715]
[3.1913812160491943]
[6.144329071044922]
[25.36782455444336]
[1.6758280992507935]
[0.8839629292488098]
[13.460339546203613]
[2.3909969329833984]
[23.028409957885742]
[7.933140277862549]
[0.3615327477455139]
[5.37053108215332]
[10.144290924072266]
[0.6399089097976685]
[20.298830032348633]
[2.231564521789551]
[1.6007905006408691]
[2.297638177871704]
[0.843190610408783]
[1743.7232666015625]
[7.082351207733154]
[0.02342311106622219]
[250.0078887939453]
[0.30169957876205444]
[36.052005767822266]
[7.857031345367432]
[24.363706588745117]
[8.299729347229004]
[12.776124000549316]
[27.822938919067383]
[4.109899520874023]
[22.698183059692383]
[2.860107421875]
[20.389495849609375]
[19.410667419433594]
[25.7065486907959]
[3.6448841094970703]
[23.532093048095703]
[27.166120529174805]
[3.972259283065796]
[28.753650665283203]
[3.6826021671295166]
[5.373894214630127]
[22.010143280029297]
[8.988367080688477]
[0.9289623498916626]
[25.85857391357422]
[4.659818649291992]
[0.8985688090324402]
[2.0599365234375]
[18.52862548828125]
[58.90007400512695]
[10.1672945022583]
[0.8698253035545349]
[11.899740219116211]
[103.47667694091797]
[6.2796807289123535]
[15.889212608337402]
[1.7258727550506592]
[16.341306686401367]
[1.4766627550125122]
[0.4617404639720917]
[24.669401168823242]
[1.827818751335144]
[155.95980834960938]
[1.276461124420166]
[1.2831170558929443]
[12.334332466125488]
[4.721980571746826]
[3.4901223182678223]
[0.09483005851507187]
[20.367053985595703]
[3.005573034286499]
[84.22412872314453]
[0.3192456364631653]
[1.7889735698699951]
[1.9007278680801392]
[1.2389976978302002]
[91.55096435546875]
[0.3759809732437134]
[28.572011947631836]
[5.540489673614502]
[2.4624030590057373]
[1.2500990629196167]
[6.618286609649658]
[1.8305697441101074]
[1.322389841079712]
[22.971485137939453]
[0.029622135683894157]
[0.8757511377334595]
[1.471540927886963]
[0.9135901927947998]
[0.3433385491371155]
[0.6707592606544495]
[3.1065971851348877]
[0.8773177862167358]
[5.550436973571777]
[6.865835666656494]
[83.32002258300781]
[1.4687288999557495]
[6.986138820648193]
[5.631175518035889]
[0.8498284220695496]
[8.799861907958984]
[17.60193634033203]
[4.535050868988037]
[7.668649196624756]
[0.6306552290916443]
[6.867757797241211]
[2.5074312686920166]
[1.3131191730499268]
[83.06922149658203]
[1.5003821849822998]
[5.675652503967285]
[0.2700718343257904]
[0.9299218058586121]
[0.9149627089500427]
[10.294358253479004]
[1.3783068656921387]
[4.755684852600098]
[7.934937000274658]
[0.23438042402267456]
[1.84273099899292]
[4.368812084197998]
[16.989822387695312]
[2.2881102561950684]
[89.70716094970703]
[6.3689799308776855]
[9.677027702331543]
[0.723837673664093]
[0.2832536995410919]
[0.9690388441085815]
[2.5621955394744873]
[1.4567739963531494]
[5.694159507751465]
[2.0870702266693115]
[0.248634934425354]
[7.918759822845459]
[4.9259772300720215]
[1.8512498140335083]
[1.2190455198287964]
[5.010321617126465]
[22.514122009277344]
[2.4319350719451904]
[0.14587649703025818]
[1.580356240272522]
[0.23094967007637024]
[0.15802715718746185]
[8.66794204711914]
[0.707943320274353]
[14.228851318359375]
[7.182017803192139]
[3.268688440322876]
[0.5961819291114807]
[6.966343402862549]
[0.2587403953075409]
[10.053678512573242]
[9.050694465637207]
[1.4018254280090332]
[5.586194038391113]
[3.1322689056396484]
[0.8546555042266846]
[0.06388552486896515]
[0.016749592497944832]
[0.9218565225601196]
[1.0329746007919312]
[6.4487762451171875]
[4.5143351554870605]
[0.4784381091594696]
[0.8113512396812439]
[4.927334785461426]
[9.662641525268555]
[0.5463199615478516]
[6.574411392211914]
[0.6136679649353027]
[3.6729180812835693]
[3.3514182567596436]
[0.5851274728775024]
[10.974421501159668]
[0.6064687371253967]
[6.843908309936523]
[3.2096405029296875]
[0.519247829914093]
[0.7816691398620605]
[2.698134183883667]
[81.26639556884766]
[0.5546282529830933]
[3.8101236820220947]
[8.861393928527832]
[41.18866729736328]
[4.398653030395508]
[5.402642726898193]
[0.18649251759052277]
[17.109817504882812]
[0.29468297958374023]
[0.6840066313743591]
[4.831687927246094]
[0.5932502150535583]
[3.3174986839294434]
[0.2854609787464142]
[1.367448329925537]
[0.20006528496742249]
[9.07961368560791]
[2.184807538986206]
[1.7443559169769287]
[4.385440826416016]
[2.3419253826141357]
[6.021492958068848]
[12.963129043579102]
[0.6064633727073669]
[1.1033148765563965]
[0.4692858159542084]
[0.6158133149147034]
[0.34887391328811646]
[1.3446998596191406]
[0.4579840898513794]
[10.263444900512695]
[0.1829109936952591]
[0.34304800629615784]
[0.5552570223808289]
[84.04074096679688]
[0.395926833152771]
[0.5441327095031738]
[11.376382827758789]
[96.37992858886719]
[4.279153823852539]
[8.399901390075684]
[2.5306999683380127]
[103.7142105102539]
[3.6566426753997803]
[0.37040993571281433]
[0.17602995038032532]
[10.252580642700195]
[5.121191501617432]
[12.534778594970703]
[0.15143531560897827]
[6.6971259117126465]
[0.6736854314804077]
[15.080716133117676]
[7.898502826690674]
[1996.1829833984375]
[285.82843017578125]
[42.71980285644531]
[66.04810333251953]
[904.6607666015625]
[10.276111602783203]
[12.916141510009766]
[5.135836601257324]
[1.995448350906372]
[6.092538356781006]
[2.3026437759399414]
[2.929372787475586]
[4.837523937225342]
[27.419527053833008]
[17.772615432739258]
[22.16726303100586]
[4.19630241394043]
[3.7408416271209717]
[20.62761688232422]
[108.71892547607422]
[24.574909210205078]
[20.40843963623047]
[23.687728881835938]
[2.699503183364868]
[9.088859558105469]
[0.9089092016220093]
[145.93124389648438]
[8.838661193847656]
[4.430865287780762]
[2.3943469524383545]
[1.606376051902771]
[0.8106654286384583]
[17.209314346313477]
[0.04920065402984619]
[0.8290969133377075]
[4.002453804016113]
[3.781911849975586]
[5.769354820251465]
[1.314439058303833]
[0.5511088967323303]
[18.428882598876953]
[1.1577826738357544]
[2.7855849266052246]
[45.020973205566406]
[10.70693588256836]
[51.334171295166016]
[12.907547950744629]
[2.3804798126220703]
[82.7704849243164]
[12.97220230102539]
[1.974746823310852]
[0.9196256399154663]
[7.149653911590576]
[16.148536682128906]
[0.9352895617485046]
[3.9969425201416016]
[29.107410430908203]
[2.6451995372772217]
[6.218084812164307]
[0.5100117325782776]
[1.9543553590774536]
[0.5767114162445068]
[2.2562010288238525]
[10.702591896057129]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[9.41318130493164]
[10.130350112915039]
[3.9185924530029297]
[6.959165573120117]
[0.7416327595710754]
[4.31041145324707]
[118.72603607177734]
[0.858887255191803]
[15.317094802856445]
[2.2029194831848145]
[7.695153713226318]
[75.2011947631836]
[8.779356956481934]
[0.5318814516067505]
[0.2992180287837982]
[20.87065887451172]
[8.084415435791016]
[4.273294448852539]
[2.8350448608398438]
[8.46530818939209]
[7.42617654800415]
[88.02877807617188]
[6.518500804901123]
[28.055805206298828]
[4.240236282348633]
[0.4469766914844513]
[3.20706844329834]
[2.541092872619629]
[1.3651442527770996]
[0.27239173650741577]
[4.762638568878174]
[7.271419525146484]
[0.8416019678115845]
[0.5722677111625671]
[6.052951812744141]
[73.20396423339844]
[2.2395598888397217]
[7.615255355834961]
[14.428123474121094]
[0.32634806632995605]
[0.960726261138916]
[1.1889500617980957]
[7.405920505523682]
[4.3438286781311035]
[5.204007625579834]
[2.6472251415252686]
[1.4624273777008057]
[1.2371227741241455]
[0.06644600629806519]
[1285.3145751953125]
[4.322412014007568]
[12.788756370544434]
[0.15279419720172882]
[31.487504959106445]
[16.025169372558594]
[2.750009775161743]
[8.064687728881836]
[13.930658340454102]
[1.6136102676391602]
[2.513920307159424]
[8.647466659545898]
[7.372753143310547]
[5.024468421936035]
[3.3862338066101074]
[0.23161445558071136]
[0.4279373586177826]
[4.527101039886475]
[0.7240974307060242]
[2.1620705127716064]
[3.320699691772461]
[0.772773265838623]
[148.0067901611328]
[14.354652404785156]
[0.5071169137954712]
[7.788142204284668]
[17.111818313598633]
[12.582858085632324]
[6.3758320808410645]
[0.4186999499797821]
[6.81491231918335]
[69.24079895019531]
[6.22622537612915]
[0.3531695306301117]
[0.5903313755989075]
[1.92743718624115]
[10.422545433044434]
[1.6587018966674805]
[3.1526687145233154]
[142.99021911621094]
[2.4518749713897705]
[4.830814838409424]
[0.045170411467552185]
[1.8995604515075684]
[1.4312844276428223]
[31.957796096801758]
[6.6512837409973145]
[49.70760726928711]
[9.528942108154297]
[3.601193904876709]
[49.6614875793457]
[0.6157964468002319]
[10.62500286102295]
[91.8306655883789]
[7.437542915344238]
[9.373351097106934]
[0.9878009557723999]
[0.4576399326324463]
[98.3176498413086]
[17.522733688354492]
[2.515040159225464]
[14.447274208068848]
[1.0516304969787598]
[0.10979584604501724]
[3.8649306297302246]
[13.308418273925781]
[3.0709943771362305]
[13.72264289855957]
[75.7357406616211]
[1.211429238319397]
[0.31971824169158936]
[0.29228004813194275]
[8.415802955627441]
[102.90106201171875]
[1.6120896339416504]
[156.84075927734375]
[9.018350601196289]
[0.06206868588924408]
[0.04081118479371071]
[6.660375595092773]
[3.756002187728882]
[10.087224960327148]
[113.82003784179688]
[0.2121736705303192]
[101.90422821044922]
[0.8794452548027039]
[9.821033477783203]
[0.16687126457691193]
[7.178682327270508]
[5.646183490753174]
[0.6057425141334534]
[11.551753997802734]
[16.51676368713379]
[2.549004316329956]
[109.74214935302734]
[82.16744232177734]
[3.111168622970581]
[0.25524190068244934]
[1.0401101112365723]
[1.428378939628601]
[0.3100411891937256]
[5.780124664306641]
[0.3698173761367798]
[0.19562891125679016]
[28.001571655273438]
[2.7708280086517334]
[0.25731414556503296]
[2.7491981983184814]
[7.109247207641602]
[8.028339385986328]
[18.754974365234375]
[0.2684028148651123]
[0.5269529223442078]
[1.7855852842330933]
[93.88050842285156]
[16.753557205200195]
[5.3843464851379395]
[1.6110715866088867]
[0.034025128930807114]
[2.3778574466705322]
[11.31355094909668]
[0.5293819904327393]
[0.7350245714187622]
[15.078692436218262]
[3.1617138385772705]
[0.7277156114578247]
[83.66694641113281]
[0.6140435934066772]
[9.23508358001709]
[21.28746795654297]
[3.511129856109619]
[5.997381210327148]
[6.822020053863525]
[0.025680260732769966]
[3.4112603664398193]
[0.11050598323345184]
[1.3154704570770264]
[1.4562294483184814]
[0.0655871108174324]
[6.7189178466796875]
[0.11273267865180969]
[0.35262730717658997]
[0.6438472270965576]
[7.4695515632629395]
[0.9147962331771851]
[0.33913031220436096]
[6.101139545440674]
[1.3766154050827026]
[13.083507537841797]
[1.0303770303726196]
[8.99985408782959]
[24.357688903808594]
[0.7307065725326538]
[28.075838088989258]
[18.82011604309082]
[8.403029441833496]
[7.736303806304932]
[1.2795250415802002]
[2.0174295902252197]
[1.0321159362792969]
[1.0938776731491089]
[0.297465980052948]
[2.1731903553009033]
[0.459532231092453]
[6.5787177085876465]
[134.02757263183594]
[0.11050336062908173]
[10.354769706726074]
[0.5900700688362122]
[1.3021098375320435]
[10.09774112701416]
[14.991360664367676]
[1.021283745765686]
[0.5904966592788696]
[4.5042548179626465]
[9.764928817749023]
[1.3019801378250122]
[3.909952402114868]
[0.8956460356712341]
[4.7622857093811035]
[2.781886339187622]
[1.0599262714385986]
[109.19656372070312]
[1.7052384614944458]
[3.0426137447357178]
[1.4959592819213867]
[80.54390716552734]
[0.40174609422683716]
[10.585199356079102]
[1.8110549449920654]
[6.028409004211426]
[0.23475529253482819]
[6.265295505523682]
[0.2870596945285797]
[10.984803199768066]
[7.7461700439453125]
[4.241196155548096]
[1.1510467529296875]
[13.36332893371582]
[0.35768166184425354]
[43.42890548706055]
[0.9386268854141235]
[1.3113042116165161]
[0.20522698760032654]
[0.6540880799293518]
[2.1101675033569336]
[0.7278790473937988]
[5.714581489562988]
[0.0674872025847435]
[0.32384344935417175]
[5.939812660217285]
[0.6448318958282471]
[0.3703904449939728]
[124.87311553955078]
[0.45070332288742065]
[86.44779968261719]
[3.3569529056549072]
[0.04561762511730194]
[3.702954053878784]
[0.5531020164489746]
[1.7773756980895996]
[0.7753055691719055]
[0.029858842492103577]
[2.50009822845459]
[4.965826511383057]
[0.1891104280948639]
[5.284639358520508]
[0.055141858756542206]
[8.483060836791992]
[0.9563260674476624]
[0.6737646460533142]
[0.19840820133686066]
[0.1288827359676361]
[1.9319818019866943]
[0.6187245845794678]
[0.5389829277992249]
[95.40149688720703]
[2.490086317062378]
[0.383064866065979]
[117.4965591430664]
[1.0712741613388062]
[6.515799045562744]
[0.28895068168640137]
[4.619312286376953]
[337.8427734375]
[0.9358857870101929]
[1.2991198301315308]
[0.35603922605514526]
[17.774700164794922]
[2.6456005573272705]
[1.1931941509246826]
[111.39631652832031]
[3.366236686706543]
[2.8485195636749268]
[0.5145406126976013]
[4.028311252593994]
[6.9697442054748535]
[1.0847548246383667]
[0.588107168674469]
[452.2190246582031]
[0.45378562808036804]
[0.45735684037208557]
[4.4940972328186035]
[0.22018931806087494]
[0.8625717163085938]
[2.2645604610443115]
[0.3298966884613037]
[7.188103199005127]
[1.0274465084075928]
[6.837625026702881]
[16.275524139404297]
[5.248751640319824]
[0.32141250371932983]
[0.7721893191337585]
[0.05360252037644386]
[0.6057944893836975]
[0.21999415755271912]
[1.0668721199035645]
[8.753988265991211]
[0.12353218346834183]
[1.1846137046813965]
[16.02610969543457]
[0.12584972381591797]
[2.269667148590088]
[0.991305947303772]
[10.392065048217773]
[28.724092483520508]
[2.2728099822998047]
[0.10753145813941956]
[0.09463724493980408]
[182.4008331298828]
[12.202947616577148]
[4.01711368560791]
[15.01589584350586]
[0.3358408808708191]
[2.5419044494628906]
[3.990567207336426]
[68.10245513916016]
[0.2135096788406372]
[2.0272271633148193]
[12.68566608428955]
[2.001432418823242]
[0.397189736366272]
[8.0176362991333]
[7.866961479187012]
[0.08103901147842407]
[7.050902843475342]
[4.872893810272217]
[15.00482177734375]
[9.55432415008545]
[10.692684173583984]
[13.846195220947266]
[0.1669442057609558]
[5.59014892578125]
[3.1623923778533936]
[2.324157476425171]
[2.1741788387298584]
[22.84198760986328]
[120.48794555664062]
[2.414705991744995]
[8.7655029296875]
[5.664205551147461]
[13.36050796508789]
[650.679931640625]
[0.5771844983100891]
[1.057841420173645]
[7.7489190101623535]
[3.17643404006958]
[109.24158477783203]
[0.4421732723712921]
[5.407742500305176]
[133.83013916015625]
[7.201240062713623]
[13.789134979248047]
[122.00498962402344]
[268.21551513671875]
[7.635672569274902]
[1.79134202003479]
[7.16757869720459]
[17.818405151367188]
[9.077189445495605]
[8.704000473022461]
[0.6959828734397888]
[3.8357350826263428]
[30.91695785522461]
[0.6683051586151123]
[107.90699005126953]
[10.498085021972656]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.580648899078369]
[2.7551000118255615]
[0.4510844945907593]
[6.1999831199646]
[1.0159271955490112]
[3.122986078262329]
[0.25634852051734924]
[80.12982940673828]
[0.7996400594711304]
[119.49784088134766]
[3.3089897632598877]
[1.6238203048706055]
[0.060656528919935226]
[7.621395111083984]
[14.929198265075684]
[121.86708068847656]
[4.883335590362549]
[1.8592464923858643]
[12.49072265625]
[9.950516700744629]
[8.034242630004883]
[1.5358452796936035]
[13.732156753540039]
[5.927704334259033]
[0.36447930335998535]
[3.8120996952056885]
[78.54171752929688]
[8.140846252441406]
[0.25256848335266113]
[2.0855612754821777]
[0.0686480700969696]
[0.7484270334243774]
[4.690449237823486]
[0.2282027006149292]
[6.9465155601501465]
[1.9037219285964966]
[3.5296242237091064]
[7.22988224029541]
[0.5923992395401001]
[3.7398061752319336]
[1.540778398513794]
[1.4078497886657715]
[0.3714221119880676]
[1.9596846103668213]
[4.268013954162598]
[7.975075721740723]
[0.5574816465377808]
[0.8577341437339783]
[6.716975212097168]
[0.5649567246437073]
[0.6380435228347778]
[3.185091018676758]
[6.9341630935668945]
[92.4455795288086]
[5.838922023773193]
[1.3774194717407227]
[2.709334135055542]
[2.311279535293579]
[0.23088319599628448]
[0.7314659357070923]
[0.6264604330062866]
[0.6257193088531494]
[1.1428413391113281]
[6.0672688484191895]
[38.528411865234375]
[2.8932411670684814]
[7.012208938598633]
[0.7245457172393799]
[0.45815667510032654]
[0.5132494568824768]
[29.83819007873535]
[0.8494470119476318]
[0.838158369064331]
[0.23975002765655518]
[2.184145450592041]
[1.0972601175308228]
[10.858564376831055]
[89.60169219970703]
[5.022679805755615]
[10.548026084899902]
[0.08017483353614807]
[3.659855365753174]
[0.22442394495010376]
[0.4896891415119171]
[2.4098405838012695]
[0.2871849536895752]
[176.45156860351562]
[0.3308768570423126]
[2.1402504444122314]
[0.3251957595348358]
[5.982580184936523]
[17.717487335205078]
[6.9550347328186035]
[0.8400426506996155]
[0.27192923426628113]
[2.6558525562286377]
[1.2176311016082764]
[0.4081001281738281]
[8.541439056396484]
[0.5159482359886169]
[1.1819437742233276]
[0.6325868368148804]
[99.07907104492188]
[0.6601276993751526]
[3.2273383140563965]
[0.917897641658783]
[0.6874881982803345]
[1.201714038848877]
[1682.1529541015625]
[0.5877420902252197]
[13.859491348266602]
[4.011092185974121]
[0.16274493932724]
[4.571988105773926]
[2.6265931129455566]
[18.715044021606445]
[55.64203643798828]
[88.4441146850586]
[35.230873107910156]
[3.140362501144409]
[168.2271728515625]
[0.17399467527866364]
[17.27049446105957]
[1.463657259941101]
[4.377702713012695]
[14.106037139892578]
[12.971714973449707]
[2.630568742752075]
[0.47415968775749207]
[2.3176796436309814]
[21.762622833251953]
[0.4771115481853485]
[9.378449440002441]
[0.6444598436355591]
[7.186233043670654]
[11.959744453430176]
[15.300310134887695]
[27.154733657836914]
[0.7816325426101685]
[0.6977283358573914]
[5.433837413787842]
[0.8644115328788757]
[1.2481201887130737]
[5.756051063537598]
[3.0074853897094727]
[86.30590057373047]
[12.704190254211426]
[15.983501434326172]
[6.329407215118408]
[12.967477798461914]
[0.6596676707267761]
[5.700294017791748]
[4.704512596130371]
[72.04290771484375]
[16.72595977783203]
[5.500004768371582]
[4.858862400054932]
[0.3685625493526459]
[2.7451369762420654]
[3.4829773902893066]
[5.213103771209717]
[9.120381355285645]
[2.906581401824951]
[35.74716567993164]
[12.117895126342773]
[0.45055916905403137]
[0.3768463432788849]
[0.4311061501502991]
[11.62923812866211]
[0.2082080841064453]
[4.6149582862854]
[264.58123779296875]
[1.4732180833816528]
[4.141874313354492]
[1.5984578132629395]
[4.084492206573486]
[8.617517471313477]
[0.8762019872665405]
[1.3635410070419312]
[1.2538447380065918]
[92.52664947509766]
[1.6525622606277466]
[1.7930279970169067]
[74.99803924560547]
[5.931061267852783]
[0.5606046319007874]
[68.95693969726562]
[6.273187160491943]
[2.2858400344848633]
[6.075397491455078]
[2.6294150352478027]
[2.109860897064209]
[4.40006160736084]
[15.874961853027344]
[0.2827175557613373]
[0.9275519847869873]
[2.1574788093566895]
[8.932645797729492]
[0.40893858671188354]
[115.71997833251953]
[2115.205078125]
[0.27401024103164673]
[0.6412549614906311]
[9.489752769470215]
[3.4967379570007324]
[1.5894776582717896]
[7.758245468139648]
[2.8220109939575195]
[5.4384284019470215]
[24.786968231201172]
[0.6509416699409485]
[48.2731819152832]
[3093.172607421875]
[0.1281723529100418]
[0.6947563886642456]
[1.2951550483703613]
[0.5683777332305908]
[12.15149211883545]
[0.12753254175186157]
[13.723672866821289]
[1.1027066707611084]
[8.287044525146484]
[15.942360877990723]
[8.3325777053833]
[2.9088022708892822]
[7.162883281707764]
[179.78060913085938]
[6.270437240600586]
[49.92194747924805]
[164.3564453125]
[37.112003326416016]
[3.978212833404541]
[192.0194091796875]
[118.59154510498047]
[1.4708988666534424]
[132.17764282226562]
[14.897700309753418]
[35.0953369140625]
[18.950780868530273]
[141.78990173339844]
[51.217979431152344]
[40.3281364440918]
[4.363406181335449]
[74.13166809082031]
[0.350536584854126]
[10.216554641723633]
[82.09929656982422]
[12.96544075012207]
[1.4053254127502441]
[10.71051025390625]
[137.52972412109375]
[1.090979814529419]
[6.268899917602539]
[24.607873916625977]
[7.211923599243164]
[20.684829711914062]
[11.805644989013672]
[1.4613395929336548]
[21.74854278564453]
[79.3206558227539]
[37.68824768066406]
[4.252603530883789]
[2.37040638923645]
[31.747875213623047]
[11.493265151977539]
[95.96973419189453]
[12.45458984375]
[0.8630360960960388]
[16.337759017944336]
[5.144906044006348]
[16.20781707763672]
[0.39597412943840027]
[5.800343036651611]
[9.236327171325684]
[0.8464834690093994]
[0.1660645306110382]
[1.568071722984314]
[0.11857049912214279]
[6.341953754425049]
[0.35661184787750244]
[81.6155014038086]
[53.21232986450195]
[3.735166549682617]
[0.5879835486412048]
[76.2522201538086]
[1.339888334274292]
[8.347235679626465]
[4.1648712158203125]
[14.039541244506836]
[0.19694514572620392]
[9.367157936096191]
[10.655771255493164]
[0.08061503618955612]
[5.0563554763793945]
[11.442848205566406]
[0.9216166734695435]
[25.5585994720459]
[0.06279490143060684]
[16.54608917236328]
[22.143695831298828]
[0.9580778479576111]
[109.85692596435547]
[1.6428229808807373]
[4.896757125854492]
[11.168412208557129]
[312.2826232910156]
[6.912423610687256]
[131.25405883789062]
[4.517829418182373]
[0.024113409221172333]
[9.260936737060547]
[0.32080405950546265]
[8.58520221710205]
[1.1189751625061035]
[136.9669952392578]
[8.703476905822754]
[197.65623474121094]
[1.1504771709442139]
[6.556281566619873]
[0.11229664832353592]
[18.866735458374023]
[0.4808639883995056]
[14.608619689941406]
[5.163608551025391]
[1.4034810066223145]
[0.018904251977801323]
[59.04664611816406]
[102.6675033569336]
[0.626801609992981]
[134.8330078125]
[3.5641424655914307]
[2.377169609069824]
[1.9972138404846191]
[0.3508217930793762]
[1.8434934616088867]
[101.81592559814453]
[3.4969451427459717]
[11.623157501220703]
[3.7739837169647217]
[6.093549728393555]
[0.3851322531700134]
[3.290497064590454]
[1.0715702772140503]
[1.082728624343872]
[0.17984451353549957]
[9.115640640258789]
[0.5444726943969727]
[1.5125737190246582]
[92.67076873779297]
[9.420853614807129]
[2.450671911239624]
[0.01119920052587986]
[0.09940150380134583]
[1.6830837726593018]
[7.986319065093994]
[2.2840874195098877]
[80.29910278320312]
[5.68754768371582]
[70.6661605834961]
[0.46222954988479614]
[10.806410789489746]
[10.880829811096191]
[100.55155944824219]
[59.065574645996094]
[462.0702819824219]
[17.541919708251953]
[0.32784560322761536]
[0.04557713866233826]
[1.9982222318649292]
[3.3109357357025146]
[2.507309913635254]
[6.121807098388672]
[10.457969665527344]
[0.5223464965820312]
[1.5692384243011475]
[2.610988140106201]
[23.454946517944336]
[0.49739691615104675]
[145.9709014892578]
[15.33719253540039]
[0.8409631252288818]
[2.4485156536102295]
[11.390693664550781]
[13.360799789428711]
[3.2512035369873047]
[4.065552234649658]
[3.431608200073242]
[5.444289684295654]
[6.2093377113342285]
[2.014293909072876]
[12.47697639465332]
[5.921555042266846]
[0.8460261821746826]
[113.08492279052734]
[15.252333641052246]
[4.769028186798096]
[0.30128535628318787]
[0.4537884593009949]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.692840576171875]
[9.166571617126465]
[0.7054446339607239]
[0.2596176266670227]
[3.0575249195098877]
[0.6944820284843445]
[4.682411193847656]
[7.34317684173584]
[18.1433162689209]
[4.978359222412109]
[0.4912698268890381]
[0.11035384237766266]
[103.51824951171875]
[0.9422144293785095]
[5.292006015777588]
[14.726059913635254]
[2.880924940109253]
[4.287349700927734]
[0.4698239266872406]
[9.670781135559082]
[3.379660129547119]
[0.5238465070724487]
[3.758498191833496]
[0.7876955270767212]
[0.9823599457740784]
[0.4024829566478729]
[8.115263938903809]
[86.51226806640625]
[2.9838531017303467]
[0.7158761620521545]
[4.255738735198975]
[0.25946715474128723]
[0.15309613943099976]
[0.011183259077370167]
[1.0086344480514526]
[14.195758819580078]
[0.0182524174451828]
[5.435822010040283]
[118.42208862304688]
[0.1479649543762207]
[0.32298582792282104]
[0.2892853915691376]
[0.21703867614269257]
[0.008008485659956932]
[0.7568012475967407]
[102.62063598632812]
[12.278923034667969]
[1.9951303005218506]
[0.14115314185619354]
[0.4377170205116272]
[0.2216932475566864]
[0.056340161710977554]
[139.37940979003906]
[4.3704633712768555]
[107.11941528320312]
[1.3595858812332153]
[11.748072624206543]
[4.029936790466309]
[0.15890507400035858]
[127.56730651855469]
[10.677303314208984]
[0.4948556423187256]
[0.6041287779808044]
[0.20251362025737762]
[3.0771865844726562]
[2.276644229888916]
[3.807431221008301]
[3.875849723815918]
[1.6524758338928223]
[0.15119405090808868]
[0.44838955998420715]
[2.5363454818725586]
[2.7345170974731445]
[10.5354585647583]
[0.4359213709831238]
[0.9517236351966858]
[0.49585092067718506]
[1.5004987716674805]
[2.7395577430725098]
[1.8509565591812134]
[4.967179298400879]
[0.5171457529067993]
[2.665539026260376]
[2.378635883331299]
[93.26183319091797]
[0.07531806081533432]
[0.22567695379257202]
[20.973676681518555]
[262.9730529785156]
[2.2357916831970215]
[8.617359161376953]
[0.6374475955963135]
[3.634213447570801]
[0.10716383904218674]
[3.3461179733276367]
[0.29672113060951233]
[1.6546627283096313]
[0.4731094241142273]
[1.5944256782531738]
[63.69334411621094]
[0.9322882890701294]
[7.2360687255859375]
[8.39693546295166]
[3.1654293537139893]
[2.9745185375213623]
[1.4474846124649048]
[102.22972869873047]
[12.161458969116211]
[5.901823043823242]
[3.3992204666137695]
[1.9860715866088867]
[3.973668098449707]
[0.4018090069293976]
[7.638757228851318]
[145.4341278076172]
[8.643209457397461]
[3.2062127590179443]
[6.3110270500183105]
[7.021214485168457]
[5.678980827331543]
[114.33966064453125]
[1.076159119606018]
[1.3103870153427124]
[1.8743853569030762]
[6.659735679626465]
[0.3252187669277191]
[2.828701972961426]
[0.403274267911911]
[3.0551373958587646]
[2.802009344100952]
[5.675335884094238]
[0.5421896576881409]
[3.0548040866851807]
[0.6587916016578674]
[0.11610927432775497]
[17.177051544189453]
[3.9903032779693604]
[2.0492959022521973]
[13.363785743713379]
[0.8746870160102844]
[0.31540387868881226]
[26.20757293701172]
[1.2717158794403076]
[0.13909949362277985]
[12.655684471130371]
[9.394091606140137]
[0.18886445462703705]
[3.294572353363037]
[0.6030771136283875]
[4.2456440925598145]
[6.457223415374756]
[0.5322950482368469]
[4.373274803161621]
[2.2280173301696777]
[6.711935997009277]
[2.9833436012268066]
[0.4070011079311371]
[6.181807041168213]
[0.33130648732185364]
[1.1292895078659058]
[6.366132736206055]
[1.905818223953247]
[6.376787185668945]
[0.1515454649925232]
[0.8564701080322266]
[1.3593515157699585]
[1.8910458087921143]
[5.403692245483398]
[0.14685899019241333]
[0.5293352007865906]
[0.013988678343594074]
[9.62141227722168]
[7.44106388092041]
[0.21074841916561127]
[7.403397083282471]
[0.8762984275817871]
[0.38612520694732666]
[141.31614685058594]
[0.6656847596168518]
[0.5968047976493835]
[0.6714159250259399]
[4.704336166381836]
[6.542183876037598]
[0.13775768876075745]
[0.36415454745292664]
[1.0913398265838623]
[4.7866034507751465]
[15.373723030090332]
[0.20651216804981232]
[208.92715454101562]
[0.390855073928833]
[1.4344935417175293]
[0.5097079873085022]
[1.4130767583847046]
[0.2565789520740509]
[5.207930088043213]
[1.426150918006897]
[2.263617753982544]
[1.7384419441223145]
[2.1878457069396973]
[0.7610440254211426]
[0.10767227411270142]
[2.499396562576294]
[0.43395522236824036]
[3.9912309646606445]
[111.25798034667969]
[14.534645080566406]
[0.1224089041352272]
[1056.9761962890625]
[7.691278457641602]
[4.947974681854248]
[0.5683526396751404]
[0.0641622245311737]
[0.019072750583291054]
[0.7408295273780823]
[106.87234497070312]
[3.0580883026123047]
[1.2417346239089966]
[2.6786115169525146]
[10.985081672668457]
[26.853513717651367]
[3.187147617340088]
[83.49605560302734]
[1.1631654500961304]
[10.827289581298828]
[3.487748622894287]
[124.16036987304688]
[0.9274436235427856]
[15.326822280883789]
[16.287914276123047]
[0.1625116467475891]
[18.034772872924805]
[0.2998969554901123]
[16.047779083251953]
[30.809558868408203]
[1.163014531135559]
[1.966914415359497]
[6.879626274108887]
[0.40517961978912354]
[7.254035472869873]
[6.946514129638672]
[1.1612653732299805]
[9.233370780944824]
[1.8458914756774902]
[4.397256851196289]
[0.2686561048030853]
[40.54302215576172]
[3.544267177581787]
[11.758925437927246]
[3.5507118701934814]
[0.27006909251213074]
[0.6544089317321777]
[8.932380676269531]
[10.263494491577148]
[22.459609985351562]
[15.309106826782227]
[0.2614811062812805]
[1.862185001373291]
[0.600460410118103]
[0.28154391050338745]
[253.19342041015625]
[10.547898292541504]
[2.9452624320983887]
[0.14162348210811615]
[5.749450206756592]
[8.068434715270996]
[2.7150039672851562]
[6.220943450927734]
[6.2935919761657715]
[2.0093367099761963]
[0.5107355117797852]
[6.284974575042725]
[8.634139060974121]
[0.9807156920433044]
[472.6395568847656]
[3.9964804649353027]
[0.15323089063167572]
[0.13849996030330658]
[3.190566301345825]
[0.9306341409683228]
[3.4845871925354004]
[7.092642307281494]
[13.57331657409668]
[9.642606735229492]
[2.3953375816345215]
[12.212267875671387]
[14.046954154968262]
[208.27951049804688]
[1.6022344827651978]
[84.97496795654297]
[2.758749008178711]
[4.364513397216797]
[0.7698999643325806]
[3.944354295730591]
[1.4973957538604736]
[4.4989333152771]
[2.855325698852539]
[0.6656777858734131]
[0.4905477464199066]
[1.1271029710769653]
[1.3199313879013062]
[141.9028778076172]
[6.005094051361084]
[3.9198851585388184]
[1.709281325340271]
[10.670086860656738]
[0.3377573490142822]
[7.646656513214111]
[2.057090997695923]
[3.687499761581421]
[159.51092529296875]
[14.077569961547852]
[0.2877770960330963]
[0.3650542199611664]
[1.3743994235992432]
[12.055885314941406]
[0.249145969748497]
[0.5312905311584473]
[139.9893035888672]
[1.3238396644592285]
[835.7777099609375]
[0.16279470920562744]
[11.181802749633789]
[0.11761875450611115]
[3.2414710521698]
[7.6198530197143555]
[6.7440690994262695]
[0.6764845252037048]
[42.297115325927734]
[7.4949164390563965]
[0.615497887134552]
[1.0288509130477905]
[27.70608139038086]
[12.9014892578125]
[3.3034780025482178]
[0.5032449960708618]
[3.5057525634765625]
[4.017731189727783]
[1.7130143642425537]
[1.8293771743774414]
[4.192282199859619]
[4.690274238586426]
[3.0493197441101074]
[0.24350875616073608]
[3.259099006652832]
[1.5718982219696045]
[8.863692283630371]
[3.759443759918213]
[0.6006588935852051]
[9.128005027770996]
[7.592213153839111]
[67.1185302734375]
[0.6062841415405273]
[5.221628189086914]
[7.258787155151367]
[6.354335784912109]
[0.2252490371465683]
[8.069294929504395]
[5.4905805587768555]
[2.2638089656829834]
[0.9479791522026062]
[2.2411322593688965]
[0.5799551606178284]
[0.023471111431717873]
[0.08654927462339401]
[6.173581123352051]
[2.9744277000427246]
[3.7383267879486084]
[0.09565793722867966]
[4.987543106079102]
[0.2586277723312378]
[0.27881649136543274]
[6.1519646644592285]
[2.659573554992676]
[2.9755873680114746]
[0.9205095767974854]
[124.79179382324219]
[0.5972368717193604]
[5.492316722869873]
[4.243703365325928]
[9.500884056091309]
[4.249688148498535]
[1099.503662109375]
[1662.771728515625]
[0.307305246591568]
[0.22922952473163605]
[14.432570457458496]
[5.6680707931518555]
[0.989755392074585]
[1.7218154668807983]
[16.31520652770996]
[8.695807456970215]
[3.3082497119903564]
[25.013662338256836]
[9.603246688842773]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[143.6513214111328]
[0.03620659187436104]
[1.7098236083984375]
[0.6301361918449402]
[4.714602470397949]
[4.8974480628967285]
[5.406243324279785]
[3.402669668197632]
[0.7238309383392334]
[0.3005734086036682]
[0.3515295684337616]
[31.044443130493164]
[2.083075761795044]
[13.782448768615723]
[20.762928009033203]
[23.256942749023438]
[39.66765594482422]
[4.183087348937988]
[2.6554677486419678]
[1.2451320886611938]
[10.855324745178223]
[6.535363674163818]
[12.225017547607422]
[6.6542840003967285]
[0.28655457496643066]
[0.9589280486106873]
[14.14522933959961]
[107.20238494873047]
[936.6709594726562]
[11.561305046081543]
[3.6143786907196045]
[0.13874678313732147]
[84.7226333618164]
[1.6545618772506714]
[15.630587577819824]
[14.500274658203125]
[436.2735595703125]
[105.1880874633789]
[84.10094451904297]
[1.853776454925537]
[183.0830535888672]
[0.4632558524608612]
[322.076904296875]
[2.34529185295105]
[6.732975006103516]
[7.951063632965088]
[21.103246688842773]
[0.4651125967502594]
[16.285585403442383]
[1.8893154859542847]
[40.429901123046875]
[6.315215587615967]
[1.235114336013794]
[28.323347091674805]
[15.371774673461914]
[3.0565857887268066]
[26.272615432739258]
[75.00235748291016]
[16.387243270874023]
[0.7051822543144226]
[6.001413345336914]
[5.519148349761963]
[3.118211030960083]
[7.146439075469971]
[15.459894180297852]
[119.50208282470703]
[217.9121551513672]
[15.3444185256958]
[7.179967880249023]
[9.146827697753906]
[13.821523666381836]
[123.92691040039062]
[1.248765468597412]
[1.6715645790100098]
[859.3134155273438]
[8.277731895446777]
[3.586634874343872]
[3.5866990089416504]
[25.925827026367188]
[14.897563934326172]
[47.541446685791016]
[0.9553184509277344]
[17.282930374145508]
[22.342491149902344]
[514.234130859375]
[1.579671025276184]
[28.024389266967773]
[1.5727695226669312]
[15.47064208984375]
[10.969239234924316]
[8.227630615234375]
[13.622261047363281]
[76.1784896850586]
[12.194043159484863]
[2.466810464859009]
[1.0605628490447998]
[0.9672480225563049]
[13.605051040649414]
[0.43338924646377563]
[12.33126449584961]
[15.533246040344238]
[101.08300018310547]
[72.28083801269531]
[6.159717559814453]
[113.62805938720703]
[2.658395767211914]
[7.441575527191162]
[5.662538051605225]
[14.413616180419922]
[5.470554828643799]
[133.69033813476562]
[11.309693336486816]
[12.388545989990234]
[0.4931417405605316]
[1.5891928672790527]
[14.133417129516602]
[11.317923545837402]
[0.5960586071014404]
[3.0386605262756348]
[1.2647230625152588]
[13.721070289611816]
[34.177337646484375]
[0.9709104895591736]
[17.234983444213867]
[2.0799853801727295]
[0.9184378981590271]
[2.1474225521087646]
[11.674779891967773]
[1.917749285697937]
[5.625573635101318]
[1.2619960308074951]
[1.663379192352295]
[1.6244679689407349]
[82.02860260009766]
[0.5243459939956665]
[8.335663795471191]
[0.08426564931869507]
[3.0745058059692383]
[3.99200439453125]
[133.0701904296875]
[0.7383888363838196]
[3.552159309387207]
[8.464944839477539]
[2.004878520965576]
[4.994655609130859]
[0.01919647306203842]
[169.41070556640625]
[0.6589282155036926]
[0.46836984157562256]
[5.550412654876709]
[1.2192201614379883]
[0.22675229609012604]
[8.515419960021973]
[2.5948667526245117]
[9.051233291625977]
[4.956674575805664]
[0.21427179872989655]
[0.2883837819099426]
[2.7490246295928955]
[113.85843658447266]
[2.313300371170044]
[116.33892822265625]
[2.095682144165039]
[7.50950813293457]
[13.448195457458496]
[1.831921100616455]
[2.2109899520874023]
[6.259342193603516]
[17.31563949584961]
[144.9080047607422]
[1.337334156036377]
[0.17309238016605377]
[900.0418701171875]
[8.332047462463379]
[27.246667861938477]
[0.5139637589454651]
[11.502174377441406]
[0.269835501909256]
[1.7927247285842896]
[6.03109884262085]
[1.1118741035461426]
[24.782453536987305]
[3.1730713844299316]
[5.709863662719727]
[13.604116439819336]
[49.455841064453125]
[2.5846972465515137]
[1.7602959871292114]
[5.501626014709473]
[3.1173458099365234]
[4.628210544586182]
[3.721604347229004]
[0.4068576693534851]
[11.513703346252441]
[45.16094207763672]
[89.18006134033203]
[19.646451950073242]
[3.1541507244110107]
[2.958192825317383]
[94.5461196899414]
[9.317880630493164]
[0.5617930889129639]
[18.403053283691406]
[13.921944618225098]
[0.7000900506973267]
[0.47913727164268494]
[0.7904807925224304]
[15.646276473999023]
[17.962600708007812]
[14.543469429016113]
[2.835134267807007]
[81.01309967041016]
[133.4299774169922]
[38.39122772216797]
[6.591010570526123]
[1.7544047832489014]
[4.503290176391602]
[0.36989009380340576]
[1.801682949066162]
[94.4544448852539]
[48.49773025512695]
[12.945684432983398]
[1.95170259475708]
[8.694012641906738]
[1.062582015991211]
[9.189095497131348]
[2.4508440494537354]
[1.687029242515564]
[13.001338005065918]
[1.16582190990448]
[106.70374298095703]
[2.759042739868164]
[94.5113754272461]
[1.1035668849945068]
[0.5338189601898193]
[8.97159481048584]
[9.922857284545898]
[1.6009440422058105]
[22.477214813232422]
[11.344368934631348]
[9.39205551147461]
[9.014707565307617]
[1.2122644186019897]
[5.835752964019775]
[4.864024639129639]
[0.7758932709693909]
[0.11527863144874573]
[11.559475898742676]
[6.029636383056641]
[1.1301779747009277]
[6.520640850067139]
[2.8313989639282227]
[4.659524917602539]
[8.475235939025879]
[10.318316459655762]
[112.8723373413086]
[2.7317917346954346]
[10.71911907196045]
[0.5667485594749451]
[4.920145034790039]
[4.175363063812256]
[22.551034927368164]
[0.5164207220077515]
[29.5948486328125]
[679.9689331054688]
[2.5372040271759033]
[17.39598846435547]
[1.3519999980926514]
[5.322817802429199]
[1.7622267007827759]
[0.9456368088722229]
[108.54900360107422]
[1.387475609779358]
[3.2846639156341553]
[0.5664350986480713]
[6.2383880615234375]
[0.4983050525188446]
[6.261668682098389]
[116.69471740722656]
[29.630630493164062]
[10.567143440246582]
[0.3944889307022095]
[0.9479568600654602]
[0.4586869180202484]
[0.6213495135307312]
[0.5670968890190125]
[81.88717651367188]
[0.3506636917591095]
[0.019211197271943092]
[8.600255966186523]
[46.778968811035156]
[0.8710573315620422]
[7.4591145515441895]
[3.9250457286834717]
[15.718335151672363]
[11.423974990844727]
[5.449209690093994]
[0.06899943947792053]
[5.908123970031738]
[25.868196487426758]
[2.0840163230895996]
[2.9237866401672363]
[110.70294952392578]
[10.20657730102539]
[2.178379535675049]
[15.937679290771484]
[1.5361820459365845]
[2.4499924182891846]
[125.7955093383789]
[79.86161804199219]
[0.14164799451828003]
[6.131925106048584]
[0.06055344641208649]
[7.53927755355835]
[2.883523941040039]
[4.8326096534729]
[56.182472229003906]
[8.624845504760742]
[5.864406108856201]
[2.317300319671631]
[0.4196600019931793]
[649.6444091796875]
[1470.0450439453125]
[115.42144775390625]
[0.7964009642601013]
[4.107129096984863]
[0.4055643379688263]
[3.2251861095428467]
[3.4855825901031494]
[4.091929912567139]
[7.628353118896484]
[1.6470504999160767]
[1.0318496227264404]
[1.9901355504989624]
[0.8046870231628418]
[11.791728973388672]
[0.8622493147850037]
[13.19632339477539]
[1.7029221057891846]
[1.719881296157837]
[7.792149543762207]
[0.9126344323158264]
[15.772551536560059]
[3.998528242111206]
[102.90042877197266]
[11.786471366882324]
[15.580358505249023]
[5.1883344650268555]
[0.745308518409729]
[3105.99658203125]
[0.42916542291641235]
[10.6657133102417]
[7.756868839263916]
[6.912435531616211]
[13.873312950134277]
[0.024107299745082855]
[1.656895399093628]
[3.0604312419891357]
[5.147156238555908]
[29.251996994018555]
[41.22297668457031]
[4.628847122192383]
[0.7431663274765015]
[23.82354736328125]
[1.6164475679397583]
[14.916637420654297]
[89.68318176269531]
[46.02040100097656]
[9.03944206237793]
[14.676965713500977]
[14.047368049621582]
[103.77349853515625]
[9.749739646911621]
[13.710723876953125]
[0.17175161838531494]
[3.921877384185791]
[1.3679124116897583]
[26.818222045898438]
[22.534963607788086]
[9.623184204101562]
[11.43359375]
[11.796051979064941]
[420.97796630859375]
[4.023330211639404]
[127.6605453491211]
[9.391756057739258]
[6.553222179412842]
[4.652715682983398]
[19.212888717651367]
[1.6975839138031006]
[18.920385360717773]
[22.30795669555664]
[2.334003210067749]
[123.52238464355469]
[0.4360538125038147]
[2.689462184906006]
[6.994650840759277]
[28.303386688232422]
[3.2061944007873535]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[10.32524299621582]
[19.998353958129883]
[5.816035270690918]
[1.0081303119659424]
[11.517574310302734]
[3.1153697967529297]
[1.5464043617248535]
[1.9396933317184448]
[3.625140428543091]
[0.018575793132185936]
[0.35462960600852966]
[0.8091065883636475]
[15.706338882446289]
[15.535727500915527]
[1.525773286819458]
[8.094863891601562]
[9.99196720123291]
[0.6665652394294739]
[12.802943229675293]
[0.2874544858932495]
[1.2584538459777832]
[1.9128711223602295]
[9.321380615234375]
[104.69136810302734]
[15.490233421325684]
[10.175481796264648]
[36.62871551513672]
[5.221036911010742]
[1.4146161079406738]
[0.6434354186058044]
[1.3044472932815552]
[0.13921993970870972]
[95.59808349609375]
[0.3961336612701416]
[91.0385513305664]
[5.373341083526611]
[21.760068893432617]
[7.403180122375488]
[15.616686820983887]
[13.696846008300781]
[0.6676905155181885]
[15.106131553649902]
[0.8260059952735901]
[109.45689392089844]
[0.060631513595581055]
[1.0808782577514648]
[10.852204322814941]
[0.7962645888328552]
[10.818737030029297]
[6.053753852844238]
[2.2204513549804688]
[3.2388229370117188]
[2.855747938156128]
[0.9728795886039734]
[1.9702017307281494]
[7.104267120361328]
[1.2922656536102295]
[0.017188839614391327]
[209.02728271484375]
[40.32487869262695]
[70.00714874267578]
[0.7873090505599976]
[5.434194564819336]
[15.773515701293945]
[1.4339721202850342]
[86.70421600341797]
[0.33297187089920044]
[1.492823839187622]
[17.792377471923828]
[8.125504493713379]
[30.986330032348633]
[0.4342828691005707]
[0.3078192472457886]
[0.9107572436332703]
[1.0280693769454956]
[6.890033721923828]
[0.4855104088783264]
[8.72093677520752]
[0.6011067032814026]
[1.3387632369995117]
[0.8426027894020081]
[89.71542358398438]
[72.27836608886719]
[0.3023776710033417]
[0.6558522582054138]
[0.1867484152317047]
[10.416617393493652]
[8.432110786437988]
[6.161114692687988]
[2.0024733543395996]
[16.270830154418945]
[1565.8443603515625]
[3.260749578475952]
[11.442302703857422]
[0.22931182384490967]
[12.458148956298828]
[0.6573551893234253]
[8.870874404907227]
[1.5219719409942627]
[10.408644676208496]
[15.423149108886719]
[22.425100326538086]
[0.4282672107219696]
[26.7679500579834]
[59.501461029052734]
[0.2781599760055542]
[0.9343956708908081]
[13.154358863830566]
[17.561365127563477]
[8.914141654968262]
[3.658717393875122]
[18.896753311157227]
[225.21994018554688]
[1.1084504127502441]
[0.2242375910282135]
[5.391994476318359]
[2.967061996459961]
[1.8031337261199951]
[5.395309925079346]
[14.48917007446289]
[0.24736091494560242]
[0.5533838272094727]
[15.280400276184082]
[2.5017194747924805]
[4.46216344833374]
[123.73314666748047]
[0.950207531452179]
[37.767269134521484]
[0.2453123927116394]
[1.0957512855529785]
[107.78408813476562]
[1.5630731582641602]
[0.9078022837638855]
[1.3370916843414307]
[0.5531208515167236]
[0.5241665840148926]
[747.2801513671875]
[5.830894947052002]
[2.643235206604004]
[0.15638066828250885]
[9.926129341125488]
[0.2292817085981369]
[11.22344970703125]
[1.9538577795028687]
[1.0203161239624023]
[6.612048149108887]
[3.813236713409424]
[12.474967002868652]
[9.133390426635742]
[7.669918060302734]
[3.214189052581787]
[0.3241289258003235]
[12.863433837890625]
[1.7558701038360596]
[24.286293029785156]
[1.0953294038772583]
[101.55482482910156]
[46.57133865356445]
[22.204792022705078]
[8.651930809020996]
[10.662405967712402]
[3.585998773574829]
[17.381813049316406]
[9.349257469177246]
[104.2990493774414]
[17.24802589416504]
[1.3364590406417847]
[8.879562377929688]
[1.6745696067810059]
[5.0914130210876465]
[1.290989637374878]
[22.4083251953125]
[10.821678161621094]
[14.222338676452637]
[3.508183479309082]
[2.2285068035125732]
[8.003724098205566]
[0.33381104469299316]
[11.46191692352295]
[0.1944497674703598]
[1.12322199344635]
[8.465492248535156]
[3.240582227706909]
[6.907784461975098]
[0.7777573466300964]
[12.706146240234375]
[10.931055068969727]
[0.3923887312412262]
[40.35070037841797]
[9.231267929077148]
[3.299154758453369]
[132.4993896484375]
[2.188943386077881]
[4.376495838165283]
[89.31376647949219]
[6.7192840576171875]
[25.317768096923828]
[0.17665939033031464]
[26.780664443969727]
[0.3921397924423218]
[1.4490431547164917]
[0.9362136721611023]
[0.37013179063796997]
[3.358976125717163]
[0.9229022860527039]
[7.429251670837402]
[342.7108459472656]
[7.50491189956665]
[0.5564004778862]
[0.13611021637916565]
[3.6033055782318115]
[0.5004267692565918]
[3.9680097103118896]
[110.0250015258789]
[15.929803848266602]
[1.3028384447097778]
[1.597644329071045]
[3.741013526916504]
[0.020763253793120384]
[0.6713220477104187]
[0.25775501132011414]
[0.39392945170402527]
[3.518436908721924]
[6.015344619750977]
[1.1659492254257202]
[6.589146137237549]
[0.8053041696548462]
[3.9024884700775146]
[66.927978515625]
[10.83655071258545]
[0.2745256721973419]
[9.116765022277832]
[3.148681402206421]
[0.4449393153190613]
[0.19786600768566132]
[8.11172866821289]
[1.1829864978790283]
[0.7946593761444092]
[1.8209844827651978]
[20.94628143310547]
[0.24672938883304596]
[3.846973180770874]
[15.053106307983398]
[1.1145951747894287]
[1.166267991065979]
[8.533990859985352]
[101.88098907470703]
[0.5634201169013977]
[7.795632839202881]
[1.7229763269424438]
[16.985618591308594]
[6.623940944671631]
[1.3219273090362549]
[4.890199184417725]
[6.924525737762451]
[2.617325782775879]
[0.2921280264854431]
[0.8896974921226501]
[1.4276102781295776]
[4.962533473968506]
[1.810706615447998]
[0.29840531945228577]
[1.556917428970337]
[99.1733627319336]
[5.566326141357422]
[7.941331386566162]
[1.7936636209487915]
[4.041892051696777]
[5.4122514724731445]
[0.017291054129600525]
[0.7629324197769165]
[2.1493709087371826]
[1.8350986242294312]
[3.575695514678955]
[1.1689201593399048]
[7.560542583465576]
[5.915958404541016]
[1.9009627103805542]
[4.778414249420166]
[1354.7147216796875]
[6.195467472076416]
[0.6255452036857605]
[25.432170867919922]
[0.28567764163017273]
[11.600700378417969]
[0.8805894255638123]
[1.0990419387817383]
[0.015407174825668335]
[1.4080297946929932]
[12.265416145324707]
[6.982534885406494]
[24.880403518676758]
[7.675397872924805]
[22.495773315429688]
[1.5833128690719604]
[0.581144392490387]
[1.1651523113250732]
[1.272608995437622]
[7.8410725593566895]
[9.129024505615234]
[8.209449768066406]
[15.418217658996582]
[2.5411267280578613]
[0.28170087933540344]
[2.5819480419158936]
[10.891897201538086]
[8.865787506103516]
[141.3063201904297]
[14.744800567626953]
[4.050149440765381]
[3.8605661392211914]
[5.219174385070801]
[0.6812846660614014]
[1.1184214353561401]
[10.93989372253418]
[0.024812016636133194]
[1.0627415180206299]
[0.0983169823884964]
[3.9160327911376953]
[1.1205137968063354]
[4.012517929077148]
[251.88140869140625]
[78.49601745605469]
[11.086686134338379]
[0.015361997298896313]
[5.320512294769287]
[1.6934847831726074]
[7.167863845825195]
[0.47600382566452026]
[0.6331294775009155]
[7.965582370758057]
[6.511450290679932]
[4.185053825378418]
[9.51891040802002]
[1.8714473247528076]
[0.3267289698123932]
[3.749110698699951]
[223.16114807128906]
[0.39745238423347473]
[9.558791160583496]
[7.39674186706543]
[7.905264854431152]
[117.03919219970703]
[3.8281893730163574]
[8.516192436218262]
[2.6868014335632324]
[14.443175315856934]
[2.292236089706421]
[7.0571818351745605]
[7.137692928314209]
[6.442404747009277]
[26.490877151489258]
[0.8990633487701416]
[0.7409592270851135]
[1.1282715797424316]
[2.7089591026306152]
[13.047735214233398]
[0.8359477519989014]
[3.531773090362549]
[3.596992254257202]
[194.78529357910156]
[0.16212163865566254]
[4.63626766204834]
[0.5139656662940979]
[5.762063980102539]
[7.426502704620361]
[1.3723126649856567]
[5.518608570098877]
[133.61769104003906]
[6.518565654754639]
[6.166275501251221]
[1.1885673999786377]
[4.551836013793945]
[0.601144015789032]
[1.1530673503875732]
[1.501965045928955]
[2.5277833938598633]
[0.9081794619560242]
[70.87760162353516]
[24.610315322875977]
[0.5353121161460876]
[1.728239893913269]
[1.323779582977295]
[0.5596690773963928]
[5.845706939697266]
[25.291776657104492]
[5.513355255126953]
[124.938720703125]
[4.393886089324951]
[7.14520263671875]
[0.5299239158630371]
[97.41911315917969]
[3.0026564598083496]
[2.3503472805023193]
[0.8430993556976318]
[4.8322906494140625]
[0.24072402715682983]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.8414775133132935]
[4.082226753234863]
[1.6141587495803833]
[14.933484077453613]
[110.28561401367188]
[6.794816493988037]
[77.94931030273438]
[0.601871132850647]
[2.002751111984253]
[254.84677124023438]
[0.25283360481262207]
[0.06379109621047974]
[0.9954009056091309]
[0.4222489595413208]
[0.10373412072658539]
[2.2063348293304443]
[0.048221975564956665]
[0.5179309248924255]
[0.4284588098526001]
[6.119574546813965]
[25.790966033935547]
[5.105483531951904]
[0.5246511101722717]
[10.847590446472168]
[26.561328887939453]
[9.30461311340332]
[3.9955062866210938]
[0.1381707340478897]
[15.030572891235352]
[1.9200222492218018]
[1.7281309366226196]
[79.8351058959961]
[0.14268998801708221]
[6.6670732498168945]
[0.4121919572353363]
[3.8528976440429688]
[3.018484115600586]
[1.1284602880477905]
[0.0513509064912796]
[4.780618667602539]
[77.23316192626953]
[0.39003482460975647]
[84.92033386230469]
[0.14320077002048492]
[0.9868850111961365]
[0.5372087359428406]
[2.1977574825286865]
[0.944302499294281]
[0.44688495993614197]
[4.994234085083008]
[1.0943896770477295]
[79.51473236083984]
[3.454144239425659]
[19.007665634155273]
[73.98040771484375]
[4.684036731719971]
[0.6179282665252686]
[0.49880942702293396]
[3.7492172718048096]
[2.9353864192962646]
[3.9854674339294434]
[0.3589925765991211]
[5.175451278686523]
[105.67514038085938]
[0.4965009391307831]
[1.504348874092102]
[2.9809398651123047]
[113.88565063476562]
[0.2807392179965973]
[2.842221736907959]
[1.259195327758789]
[16.100746154785156]
[4.651059150695801]
[0.9434764385223389]
[2.5833747386932373]
[0.8172854781150818]
[0.023684056475758553]
[33.198726654052734]
[2.588613510131836]
[15.021092414855957]
[0.6591770648956299]
[7.244631290435791]
[0.008422518149018288]
[7.502007007598877]
[5.587685585021973]
[5.6921000480651855]
[652.6653442382812]
[1.5870351791381836]
[0.7786847949028015]
[67.79461669921875]
[4.063573360443115]
[0.03357365354895592]
[22.714744567871094]
[4.175171375274658]
[75.1839828491211]
[5.1013264656066895]
[0.049542203545570374]
[0.06636130809783936]
[9.25329303741455]
[5.081539630889893]
[30.462984085083008]
[18.606552124023438]
[19.800233840942383]
[0.278685599565506]
[9.871315956115723]
[1288.445068359375]
[1.0004481077194214]
[0.5059022307395935]
[18.991628646850586]
[2.395236015319824]
[1.2368112802505493]
[87.97335815429688]
[25.263944625854492]
[323.9505920410156]
[5.723865509033203]
[0.1262846142053604]
[16.164691925048828]
[0.9096685647964478]
[4.237244606018066]
[13.099377632141113]
[1.3752992153167725]
[143.88833618164062]
[1.1035425662994385]
[0.663796067237854]
[28.981538772583008]
[0.10281422734260559]
[558.4784545898438]
[1.2026535272598267]
[34.55421447753906]
[129.80348205566406]
[10.283164978027344]
[2.2908475399017334]
[2.169804096221924]
[1.2104495763778687]
[1.2041326761245728]
[1624.24169921875]
[2.0049452781677246]
[0.566627025604248]
[10.993796348571777]
[22.877840042114258]
[44.25164031982422]
[1.5737812519073486]
[2.0567843914031982]
[9.45837116241455]
[13.085131645202637]
[0.9214390516281128]
[7.974924087524414]
[17.316608428955078]
[5.494738578796387]
[0.23961631953716278]
[6.1676716804504395]
[2.270650863647461]
[43.273704528808594]
[125.08092498779297]
[86.08805847167969]
[19.355478286743164]
[4.076793193817139]
[15.714422225952148]
[6.713435649871826]
[6.448122501373291]
[0.7120015025138855]
[22.452646255493164]
[2.1885716915130615]
[1.7511497735977173]
[16.19742774963379]
[53.057918548583984]
[7.962630748748779]
[2.3801848888397217]
[0.9781554937362671]
[11.1677885055542]
[3.723675489425659]
[1.4634934663772583]
[22.5231876373291]
[0.30607274174690247]
[190.2918701171875]
[12.291561126708984]
[2.763908624649048]
[92.40220642089844]
[3.5351603031158447]
[0.6327279806137085]
[0.9481595754623413]
[14.78281021118164]
[0.6164855360984802]
[3.1711251735687256]
[0.7594408988952637]
[4.883816719055176]
[107.04236602783203]
[11.102777481079102]
[1.1860390901565552]
[2.529486894607544]
[9.703420639038086]
[12.786846160888672]
[10.068615913391113]
[1.029364824295044]
[8.982280731201172]
[0.8175985217094421]
[9.103219985961914]
[107.4981460571289]
[1.888920545578003]
[2.610651969909668]
[0.9824047684669495]
[35.339561462402344]
[2.647257089614868]
[2.922417402267456]
[3.4692986011505127]
[1.331333041191101]
[7.281274318695068]
[136.4047393798828]
[9.285555839538574]
[7.111150741577148]
[5.441216468811035]
[11.971970558166504]
[3.3898134231567383]
[0.22758063673973083]
[0.19855105876922607]
[3.402609348297119]
[0.19624513387680054]
[9.175525665283203]
[1764.90625]
[30.161758422851562]
[0.8662306070327759]
[1.225990891456604]
[80.61032104492188]
[0.6411037445068359]
[3.7799835205078125]
[15.690181732177734]
[1.6707746982574463]
[0.10705477744340897]
[15.20206069946289]
[8.362432479858398]
[12.635588645935059]
[2.9442169666290283]
[5.260495185852051]
[7.060876369476318]
[2.7953033447265625]
[118.65470886230469]
[12.194103240966797]
[5.895267963409424]
[2.9823360443115234]
[70.32176971435547]
[15.405287742614746]
[0.5317188501358032]
[4.37995719909668]
[16.263683319091797]
[0.5561729669570923]
[0.030345147475600243]
[0.45146414637565613]
[0.6463339924812317]
[2.2655069828033447]
[4.434283256530762]
[10.096654891967773]
[22.475933074951172]
[1.732844591140747]
[0.6865512132644653]
[0.16940496861934662]
[12.50082778930664]
[9.504240989685059]
[3.7849080562591553]
[0.9868449568748474]
[0.9700285196304321]
[0.22061370313167572]
[2.8030169010162354]
[0.6740719676017761]
[7.933892726898193]
[2.3319180011749268]
[8.007529258728027]
[5.803133010864258]
[4.606545448303223]
[2.4728121757507324]
[2.5850284099578857]
[13.647273063659668]
[2.1243927478790283]
[0.7323136329650879]
[59.84074783325195]
[6.209331035614014]
[3.230563163757324]
[0.5419100522994995]
[2.880629301071167]
[2.795330762863159]
[3.9909636974334717]
[77.24938201904297]
[6.608407497406006]
[6.985987663269043]
[0.28648918867111206]
[0.5637232065200806]
[5.674053192138672]
[2.687434673309326]
[3.4167428016662598]
[0.8528603911399841]
[3.0109827518463135]
[186.68882751464844]
[0.8954756855964661]
[0.6581793427467346]
[0.20680050551891327]
[0.7219274640083313]
[19.66985321044922]
[1.9236007928848267]
[0.6338024735450745]
[1.2467557191848755]
[1.075191617012024]
[0.7693799734115601]
[0.11672000586986542]
[2.76485538482666]
[123.16766357421875]
[4.871984004974365]
[1038.436279296875]
[0.01697731949388981]
[0.811432957649231]
[83.74626922607422]
[0.26508310437202454]
[0.8988183736801147]
[115.54366302490234]
[8.069485664367676]
[14.021180152893066]
[3.0161147117614746]
[6.465048789978027]
[17.123613357543945]
[0.5501040816307068]
[19.095539093017578]
[4.6395392417907715]
[5.3758955001831055]
[0.16241203248500824]
[1.305840253829956]
[13.002659797668457]
[15.286699295043945]
[8.02505111694336]
[4.727586269378662]
[1.8721661567687988]
[8.274235725402832]
[13.674873352050781]
[7.670846939086914]
[2.470427989959717]
[1.0381531715393066]
[3.3837766647338867]
[336.3840637207031]
[6.016659736633301]
[5.719712734222412]
[22.842479705810547]
[1.3939976692199707]
[247.07098388671875]
[5.04325532913208]
[0.9807933568954468]
[10.659784317016602]
[1.3577356338500977]
[244.82325744628906]
[0.5996403694152832]
[1.669749140739441]
[5.502982139587402]
[0.957549512386322]
[6.234807014465332]
[1539.75390625]
[2.0139360427856445]
[94.03706359863281]
[17.168479919433594]
[0.07412521541118622]
[0.849193274974823]
[9.729862213134766]
[0.48531532287597656]
[0.5828993916511536]
[117.68327331542969]
[4.480915546417236]
[0.6139614582061768]
[4.557584285736084]
[2.550814390182495]
[19.419343948364258]
[9.75469970703125]
[21.96381187438965]
[2.2425806522369385]
[8.426360130310059]
[14.873287200927734]
[1.1603225469589233]
[24.821073532104492]
[0.2561960518360138]
[0.30451342463493347]
[19.773618698120117]
[1.4098327159881592]
[19.688457489013672]
[16.370067596435547]
[1.1019606590270996]
[2.664949417114258]
[9.72217845916748]
[7.826263427734375]
[17.791662216186523]
[5.696615219116211]
[10.060293197631836]
[0.8451470732688904]
[6.349590301513672]
[43.31959915161133]
[91.24411010742188]
[1.067550539970398]
[0.33887308835983276]
[4.270312786102295]
[1.7188596725463867]
[8.389259338378906]
[3.529078960418701]
[0.4381873309612274]
[85.53026580810547]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.4897308349609375]
[0.867309033870697]
[0.7061637043952942]
[1.015515685081482]
[1.1288197040557861]
[3.7775790691375732]
[4.371646881103516]
[76.91937255859375]
[80.79581451416016]
[0.6214277148246765]
[9.421952247619629]
[167.71701049804688]
[0.5697804093360901]
[2.9355969429016113]
[1.909340262413025]
[6.30337381362915]
[5.1171064376831055]
[9.365806579589844]
[1.5145153999328613]
[19.024660110473633]
[1.104049801826477]
[5.266880035400391]
[3.906040906906128]
[13.625517845153809]
[3.499289035797119]
[0.38186872005462646]
[72.70221710205078]
[2.2349960803985596]
[9.817543029785156]
[0.8853644728660583]
[6.0486931800842285]
[0.4159785211086273]
[1237.596923828125]
[0.9144241213798523]
[0.7715901136398315]
[17.054746627807617]
[12.537515640258789]
[11.90933609008789]
[106.70075988769531]
[298.3003234863281]
[0.19876044988632202]
[2.4166183471679688]
[1.3315500020980835]
[18.29112434387207]
[1.0436094999313354]
[0.6992380619049072]
[3.7960546016693115]
[9.401910781860352]
[7.261453628540039]
[1.5056053400039673]
[6.23117208480835]
[0.92914217710495]
[1258.0091552734375]
[13.966100692749023]
[15.791439056396484]
[0.5508381128311157]
[4.375194072723389]
[3.201746940612793]
[196.9254150390625]
[0.946744978427887]
[2.5582239627838135]
[0.3780473470687866]
[0.4378226399421692]
[99.35580444335938]
[0.13069377839565277]
[17.393156051635742]
[1.7167223691940308]
[9.57406234741211]
[3.5746371746063232]
[2.331860303878784]
[21.538616180419922]
[6.755848407745361]
[2448.49658203125]
[7.430476665496826]
[319.3055419921875]
[18.286218643188477]
[1.2383030652999878]
[75.84508514404297]
[12.134896278381348]
[29.355384826660156]
[2.6135873794555664]
[15.066450119018555]
[130.78599548339844]
[11.783019065856934]
[4.787684917449951]
[10.175040245056152]
[5.271763801574707]
[31.759798049926758]
[0.6180757284164429]
[172.20704650878906]
[30.10832977294922]
[20.27047348022461]
[5.3097615242004395]
[11.366064071655273]
[3.7380917072296143]
[78.76077270507812]
[17.805274963378906]
[4.956240653991699]
[4.7908525466918945]
[26.984975814819336]
[1.2613551616668701]
[10.540327072143555]
[33.623985290527344]
[0.3692120313644409]
[11.763897895812988]
[41.899513244628906]
[2076.440673828125]
[7.743277072906494]
[132.36033630371094]
[171.81068420410156]
[470.11883544921875]
[11.242581367492676]
[19.360088348388672]
[14.548047065734863]
[292.11895751953125]
[13.861398696899414]
[9.563786506652832]
[23.6143741607666]
[23.320026397705078]
[6.860369682312012]
[1.0819844007492065]
[19.82805633544922]
[7.729177951812744]
[330.3814697265625]
[22.121286392211914]
[18.410947799682617]
[28.065515518188477]
[14.528542518615723]
[5.074066638946533]
[308.5464782714844]
[12.535408020019531]
[7.446143627166748]
[3.7884750366210938]
[4.052222728729248]
[1.5711674690246582]
[0.3877364695072174]
[1.1857190132141113]
[10.602967262268066]
[1.2213962078094482]
[1110.476318359375]
[3.6647512912750244]
[192.06271362304688]
[5.645576000213623]
[24.210386276245117]
[10.975586891174316]
[31.385395050048828]
[4.78756046295166]
[0.9927331805229187]
[925.1685180664062]
[2.323343276977539]
[5.351089000701904]
[1.7066401243209839]
[4.352496147155762]
[0.9599494338035583]
[0.8874189853668213]
[1.5923289060592651]
[20.532175064086914]
[13.476500511169434]
[4.457010269165039]
[0.3683193325996399]
[0.43825969099998474]
[0.3927570581436157]
[5.076787948608398]
[3.7865777015686035]
[0.5048858523368835]
[0.0759749487042427]
[3.325042724609375]
[15.328775405883789]
[221.7648468017578]
[0.37532809376716614]
[8.665884017944336]
[9.476140975952148]
[5.438229560852051]
[5.000753402709961]
[0.31648844480514526]
[0.2901589274406433]
[6.242338180541992]
[1.2472656965255737]
[1.4132078886032104]
[0.8063613772392273]
[0.09417074918746948]
[0.3006127178668976]
[14.000421524047852]
[2.8537967205047607]
[1.2298483848571777]
[14.632270812988281]
[99.2278823852539]
[0.874010443687439]
[1.0758678913116455]
[11.713872909545898]
[15.276579856872559]
[2.784263849258423]
[28.304231643676758]
[0.29832667112350464]
[127.94451141357422]
[14.894776344299316]
[10.409040451049805]
[0.8017000555992126]
[0.46626678109169006]
[0.5383415818214417]
[0.7781920433044434]
[0.7744088172912598]
[11.656534194946289]
[0.3448117971420288]
[103.4018325805664]
[7.675681114196777]
[0.1052716076374054]
[0.15538662672042847]
[8.767662048339844]
[6.049498081207275]
[3.3788671493530273]
[7.449216842651367]
[0.314853698015213]
[16.119325637817383]
[0.013745398260653019]
[1.1022224426269531]
[0.25213563442230225]
[1.1766347885131836]
[3.2075653076171875]
[90.24762725830078]
[0.3394891321659088]
[0.869341254234314]
[2.050689697265625]
[5.06791877746582]
[0.44409796595573425]
[0.2779213786125183]
[0.898838222026825]
[0.5822199583053589]
[0.23488393425941467]
[11.440301895141602]
[0.9040507674217224]
[0.22257085144519806]
[4.4490251541137695]
[9.561849594116211]
[81.16712188720703]
[0.7072758674621582]
[2.266922950744629]
[2.797405481338501]
[0.4862549602985382]
[0.05426110699772835]
[4.751550674438477]
[0.3940635025501251]
[0.21891121566295624]
[0.5730898380279541]
[67.70098876953125]
[3.8982481956481934]
[0.0854385569691658]
[6.813437461853027]
[0.5305806994438171]
[0.5618653297424316]
[6.449326038360596]
[11.845325469970703]
[1.2169439792633057]
[5.083160877227783]
[0.536881148815155]
[1.675890326499939]
[3.278378963470459]
[0.6409928798675537]
[3.3848989009857178]
[1.2569553852081299]
[1.2640513181686401]
[1.036385416984558]
[3.2074196338653564]
[0.23638282716274261]
[12.23653793334961]
[125.19928741455078]
[5.838568210601807]
[0.33471569418907166]
[8.943090438842773]
[5.278329849243164]
[6.130316734313965]
[1.9254353046417236]
[3.7012035846710205]
[0.9085018634796143]
[1.6080048084259033]
[611.0694580078125]
[0.2326812744140625]
[1.7599073648452759]
[0.09339648485183716]
[2.061501979827881]
[123.01960754394531]
[5.425756454467773]
[6.345146656036377]
[6.6288042068481445]
[0.659730076789856]
[717.9190673828125]
[8.478415489196777]
[19.843528747558594]
[0.6059855818748474]
[1.1920784711837769]
[1.3079942464828491]
[0.4983212649822235]
[21.636611938476562]
[10.801880836486816]
[3.188261032104492]
[0.051826879382133484]
[12.000457763671875]
[12.686180114746094]
[99.44981384277344]
[1.2718396186828613]
[37.27226638793945]
[13.541167259216309]
[121.57980346679688]
[17.721471786499023]
[18.92058563232422]
[1.177330732345581]
[1.2586369514465332]
[1.9313247203826904]
[3.9809701442718506]
[8.72382640838623]
[5.249677658081055]
[159.25994873046875]
[6.179288387298584]
[1.1898870468139648]
[0.27711522579193115]
[1.937227725982666]
[2.0443427562713623]
[317.76446533203125]
[62.9797248840332]
[0.8027457594871521]
[7.9406352043151855]
[8.290194511413574]
[1.4171966314315796]
[0.6682353019714355]
[0.17464828491210938]
[2.2911620140075684]
[6.866206645965576]
[0.03104073740541935]
[0.934326171875]
[15.241521835327148]
[10.545577049255371]
[324.6063232421875]
[117.7019271850586]
[9.490406036376953]
[2.4053146839141846]
[5.618981838226318]
[5.139273166656494]
[0.8432077765464783]
[0.15863348543643951]
[0.6004100441932678]
[10.084371566772461]
[6.786688327789307]
[7.5760817527771]
[1.8765044212341309]
[2.9909255504608154]
[16.297161102294922]
[4.2498602867126465]
[0.9685285687446594]
[4.4566969871521]
[63.53396987915039]
[0.3583276867866516]
[111.55431365966797]
[0.7099478840827942]
[142.98208618164062]
[0.23661912977695465]
[3.2420501708984375]
[6.418549060821533]
[1.347657322883606]
[7.201478958129883]
[12.831847190856934]
[13.34598159790039]
[1.1991435289382935]
[0.4256911873817444]
[2.8750367164611816]
[7.949239730834961]
[628.1616821289062]
[6.632752895355225]
[1.866493582725525]
[0.32552364468574524]
[7.848318576812744]
[11.810037612915039]
[105.87492370605469]
[3.661618709564209]
[0.813281238079071]
[1.0650347471237183]
[269.0143127441406]
[2.4853596687316895]
[1.5190478563308716]
[1.2142704725265503]
[128.75282287597656]
[1.5750247240066528]
[0.33698827028274536]
[15.554465293884277]
[6.769912242889404]
[19.795835494995117]
[1.004392147064209]
[8.036188125610352]
[6.499233245849609]
[2.9244751930236816]
[0.2611521780490875]
[3.2658581733703613]
[24.691635131835938]
[110.31973266601562]
[0.2994600534439087]
[15.127284049987793]
[0.439983606338501]
[85.7737045288086]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.17069756984710693]
[55.92462921142578]
[11.538657188415527]
[4.884318828582764]
[3.806504487991333]
[2.3290841579437256]
[101.34371948242188]
[22.44985580444336]
[6.7719526290893555]
[1.3986258506774902]
[0.523546040058136]
[8.243773460388184]
[1.1708735227584839]
[4.823087692260742]
[0.19121232628822327]
[0.9000701904296875]
[6.105562686920166]
[8.208898544311523]
[3.378706455230713]
[91.67068481445312]
[9.240998268127441]
[0.2669385075569153]
[5.859116077423096]
[8.456189155578613]
[7.571493625640869]
[10.559113502502441]
[12.416545867919922]
[6.7700371742248535]
[0.7325865030288696]
[4.768246650695801]
[3.0014147758483887]
[0.5942645072937012]
[0.2848069369792938]
[71.50796508789062]
[4.0227131843566895]
[18.885854721069336]
[0.49006587266921997]
[6.136620044708252]
[11.974334716796875]
[0.25248757004737854]
[0.6760389804840088]
[6.563343048095703]
[8.878463745117188]
[1.2783420085906982]
[8.476297378540039]
[0.42419540882110596]
[38.14229202270508]
[0.1519492268562317]
[114.9312515258789]
[0.30370232462882996]
[0.4245262145996094]
[0.8872325420379639]
[268.6667785644531]
[10.5870943069458]
[86.50578308105469]
[1.1865234375]
[105.98638916015625]
[28.18081283569336]
[0.41828659176826477]
[87.45294952392578]
[1.1479419469833374]
[0.8567358255386353]
[1.5323835611343384]
[7.932997226715088]
[2.2201967239379883]
[283.94378662109375]
[1.5100704431533813]
[1.2149196863174438]
[6.4975056648254395]
[86.95166778564453]
[0.173738494515419]
[2.365936756134033]
[1.4130789041519165]
[2.9521169662475586]
[4.954010963439941]
[2.0111329555511475]
[8.2626953125]
[307.9050598144531]
[6.886081695556641]
[0.1764986366033554]
[15.042686462402344]
[3.0955612659454346]
[0.19704696536064148]
[0.13099747896194458]
[4.665795803070068]
[0.3727143108844757]
[0.008609680458903313]
[10.975957870483398]
[2.1456563472747803]
[126.188232421875]
[0.2104247510433197]
[0.75130295753479]
[3.4043805599212646]
[0.6274520754814148]
[115.10062408447266]
[6.591330528259277]
[0.04281248152256012]
[7.994530200958252]
[9.539031982421875]
[57.546512603759766]
[0.6143320202827454]
[6.555078506469727]
[662.5498657226562]
[0.6590782403945923]
[2.6629555225372314]
[1.19203782081604]
[1.9123294353485107]
[1610.9671630859375]
[2.525575637817383]
[201.75506591796875]
[256.2166748046875]
[7.138538360595703]
[4.9886884689331055]
[17.5120792388916]
[43.408382415771484]
[30.769834518432617]
[17.208406448364258]
[11.445120811462402]
[43.91682052612305]
[4.558140277862549]
[11.767241477966309]
[0.9339408874511719]
[0.4243101477622986]
[9.613826751708984]
[2.9135634899139404]
[12.239655494689941]
[0.10336876660585403]
[17.49679946899414]
[82.1421890258789]
[14.64828872680664]
[0.7113898992538452]
[0.014956519939005375]
[2.210078716278076]
[45.12175369262695]
[1.0487630367279053]
[1.3085830211639404]
[16.982585906982422]
[6.04971981048584]
[12.1957368850708]
[0.3571447730064392]
[25.405982971191406]
[0.02993464656174183]
[0.6328847408294678]
[8.90843391418457]
[20.20962905883789]
[337.0180969238281]
[4.201566696166992]
[38.21269226074219]
[7.5158305168151855]
[4.35971736907959]
[12.381673812866211]
[1232.0408935546875]
[0.48071521520614624]
[11.154705047607422]
[0.3030027151107788]
[630.9158325195312]
[0.09099622815847397]
[0.6892801523208618]
[0.4717026948928833]
[0.48390743136405945]
[12.9666166305542]
[10.09704303741455]
[3.7695398330688477]
[9.34374713897705]
[7.015932559967041]
[1.5077491998672485]
[15.602478981018066]
[5.342674732208252]
[100.22966766357422]
[3.9341466426849365]
[13.013030052185059]
[3.1846306324005127]
[1.150322437286377]
[4.711492538452148]
[8.181090354919434]
[6.198551177978516]
[6.230479717254639]
[7.442731857299805]
[0.25170132517814636]
[1.2202165126800537]
[3.78416109085083]
[8.07701587677002]
[10.975960731506348]
[2.6346635818481445]
[0.17399418354034424]
[118.43853759765625]
[89.5699691772461]
[20.679702758789062]
[2.5149919986724854]
[0.013075849041342735]
[5.068148612976074]
[3.1013686656951904]
[0.32320693135261536]
[6.422422885894775]
[1.816095232963562]
[6.3041911125183105]
[0.5018936991691589]
[9.546911239624023]
[4.253108978271484]
[7.264895439147949]
[33.045684814453125]
[3.954695224761963]
[2.420163154602051]
[13.131827354431152]
[9.398382186889648]
[5.291008472442627]
[2.2094130516052246]
[0.40335479378700256]
[2.450629949569702]
[13.248713493347168]
[18.665565490722656]
[0.103767529129982]
[5.6989898681640625]
[0.11549973487854004]
[0.4929734468460083]
[0.7134317755699158]
[1.388126015663147]
[0.9045621752738953]
[0.9882464408874512]
[1.2475941181182861]
[0.6113460063934326]
[0.8895255327224731]
[6.979128360748291]
[0.868014395236969]
[0.09293657541275024]
[0.6217217445373535]
[5.501856803894043]
[283.037353515625]
[4.503629207611084]
[147.60508728027344]
[2.5735254287719727]
[0.6262977719306946]
[26.347806930541992]
[134.25531005859375]
[3.1364684104919434]
[0.6684902906417847]
[14.495002746582031]
[13.570782661437988]
[6.415074348449707]
[8.039891242980957]
[2.93916654586792]
[8.918898582458496]
[1.197427749633789]
[1.4918369054794312]
[1.7686842679977417]
[1.0731016397476196]
[2.940471887588501]
[10.742707252502441]
[4.155805587768555]
[8.906393051147461]
[0.4583611786365509]
[73.7948226928711]
[0.07270663976669312]
[0.9610472917556763]
[9.338129997253418]
[0.3462773263454437]
[0.6606287956237793]
[2.657731533050537]
[9.954414367675781]
[1.7614179849624634]
[1.6227778196334839]
[8.288551330566406]
[0.39490750432014465]
[7.232914447784424]
[13.325865745544434]
[1.6190524101257324]
[5.727940559387207]
[2.28822660446167]
[2.994438409805298]
[0.7599589824676514]
[1.9867660999298096]
[21.323213577270508]
[9.521618843078613]
[2.521070957183838]
[1.0164741277694702]
[2.5175392627716064]
[9.384021759033203]
[25.302757263183594]
[0.25445351004600525]
[0.5118880271911621]
[3.807072639465332]
[623.63623046875]
[0.9189965724945068]
[3.658933639526367]
[2.7892980575561523]
[0.8138779401779175]
[1.3289401531219482]
[9.684845924377441]
[104.42847442626953]
[0.821245014667511]
[3.929164409637451]
[0.36907947063446045]
[0.2109987437725067]
[0.9341990947723389]
[0.3636762499809265]
[1.6967978477478027]
[3.3342363834381104]
[1.1880279779434204]
[1.9755514860153198]
[0.7627162933349609]
[0.2610086500644684]
[11.19826889038086]
[259.8287658691406]
[0.49690696597099304]
[14.987846374511719]
[11.85643196105957]
[1.9912735223770142]
[2.5799334049224854]
[0.230193093419075]
[0.8817387223243713]
[0.13592465221881866]
[84.85033416748047]
[2.1274361610412598]
[0.32682323455810547]
[1.6618238687515259]
[267.2220764160156]
[6.6455559730529785]
[476.2723083496094]
[7.2438554763793945]
[705.7832641601562]
[0.8871231079101562]
[0.24754485487937927]
[4.224226474761963]
[11.821549415588379]
[5.934659481048584]
[6.212051868438721]
[6.766669273376465]
[2.5219762325286865]
[1.6616218090057373]
[2.328904151916504]
[4.142716884613037]
[0.9229151010513306]
[2.7582712173461914]
[237.32257080078125]
[0.8561422824859619]
[7.394245624542236]
[2.832914352416992]
[0.9503113031387329]
[0.4102029502391815]
[0.3658851981163025]
[0.9207870364189148]
[92.41881561279297]
[63.56019592285156]
[12.180682182312012]
[7.670103549957275]
[5.324921131134033]
[1.0278208255767822]
[0.6001120805740356]
[1.4553474187850952]
[1.5747510194778442]
[7.4828901290893555]
[1.566779375076294]
[7.438217639923096]
[0.9937107563018799]
[5.335895538330078]
[3.1363611221313477]
[6.97624397277832]
[0.35792672634124756]
[2.689668655395508]
[0.3564355969429016]
[1024.6942138671875]
[1.0646123886108398]
[4.896482467651367]
[1.4090107679367065]
[0.7259799242019653]
[0.3236220180988312]
[16.46621322631836]
[0.5175909996032715]
[0.23130527138710022]
[1.0179818868637085]
[6.546245098114014]
[47.42306137084961]
[1.4644570350646973]
[1.8874164819717407]
[1.9412225484848022]
[1.3570220470428467]
[8.060371398925781]
[0.0718146488070488]
[6.9122514724731445]
[13.121572494506836]
[16.302358627319336]
[2.6101372241973877]
[4.039551258087158]
[8.994446754455566]
[6.038926601409912]
[6.774389743804932]
[95.33751678466797]
[9.693000793457031]
[1.280836582183838]
[0.8666515946388245]
[1.3488774299621582]
[12.848426818847656]
[31.40597152709961]
[9.083564758300781]
[226.8260955810547]
[8.589224815368652]
[18.030546188354492]
[0.7173815965652466]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[6.743094444274902]
[3.7650530338287354]
[7.537527084350586]
[1.212579607963562]
[7.19406270980835]
[4.317416191101074]
[5.074398517608643]
[0.0243813619017601]
[0.5188778042793274]
[112.82013702392578]
[0.175567165017128]
[2.8148200511932373]
[0.4941388666629791]
[1.3209055662155151]
[2.6360344886779785]
[0.035995639860630035]
[0.021392906084656715]
[21.509145736694336]
[83.01483154296875]
[0.2283882349729538]
[0.7605704665184021]
[2.2958574295043945]
[6.145177841186523]
[0.3764805495738983]
[184.43312072753906]
[1.2994025945663452]
[73.30577850341797]
[5.458960056304932]
[0.8669851422309875]
[0.45721545815467834]
[864.9110717773438]
[6.100198268890381]
[6.116067409515381]
[9.954504013061523]
[0.6355688571929932]
[0.6749248504638672]
[0.01763199083507061]
[0.602067768573761]
[1.7120065689086914]
[8.530739784240723]
[14.823168754577637]
[73.93358612060547]
[12.759957313537598]
[236.81761169433594]
[0.4376705288887024]
[5.026143550872803]
[0.7897869348526001]
[5.169939041137695]
[1.9028809070587158]
[794.2835693359375]
[7.230504989624023]
[0.02426052838563919]
[1.2390756607055664]
[393.77593994140625]
[1.7073408365249634]
[2.0884392261505127]
[8.748483657836914]
[11.015175819396973]
[11.594285011291504]
[2.3176379203796387]
[129.8826446533203]
[27.795207977294922]
[1.2009040117263794]
[0.3180555999279022]
[97.85272216796875]
[21.419757843017578]
[302.3069152832031]
[8.349026679992676]
[12.573564529418945]
[0.8292803764343262]
[8.418381690979004]
[1.9865798950195312]
[12.304361343383789]
[4.611755847930908]
[1.6071323156356812]
[3.6194570064544678]
[12.847792625427246]
[12.776336669921875]
[27.6252384185791]
[93.97836303710938]
[0.6274693608283997]
[23.844511032104492]
[0.49968811869621277]
[0.8102973103523254]
[0.45678046345710754]
[2.645857334136963]
[10.757287979125977]
[0.025721896439790726]
[8.604561805725098]
[0.11149241775274277]
[0.4360406994819641]
[0.7812187075614929]
[0.5047097206115723]
[3.99578857421875]
[93.89173126220703]
[0.6733984351158142]
[0.9554967284202576]
[7.219118595123291]
[0.4621378779411316]
[120.24809265136719]
[31.067747116088867]
[2.9229307174682617]
[3.4557085037231445]
[15.049956321716309]
[0.21357794106006622]
[2.5944983959198]
[107.36747741699219]
[3.20052433013916]
[3.9317591190338135]
[0.8223102688789368]
[2.9119272232055664]
[7.992304801940918]
[1.4023184776306152]
[0.9108303189277649]
[9.770816802978516]
[1.4529849290847778]
[6.330815315246582]
[493.18670654296875]
[0.8534337878227234]
[2.1357245445251465]
[12.791657447814941]
[0.8216938972473145]
[109.06392669677734]
[8.841202735900879]
[11.1021146774292]
[56.27750015258789]
[29.037656784057617]
[8.284667015075684]
[1.3070188760757446]
[5.145330905914307]
[9.140915870666504]
[2.1462323665618896]
[8.670282363891602]
[0.7548413276672363]
[0.9981771111488342]
[0.6568895578384399]
[0.27796393632888794]
[0.0327431783080101]
[59.50910186767578]
[30.74628448486328]
[0.12297949939966202]
[5.885811805725098]
[21.867088317871094]
[81.61045837402344]
[3.320312738418579]
[4.307897567749023]
[3.236025810241699]
[0.41606175899505615]
[7.029026985168457]
[92.05403137207031]
[4.0557661056518555]
[0.11111815273761749]
[1.1146844625473022]
[0.09806711226701736]
[69.85948181152344]
[6.392719745635986]
[2.3726377487182617]
[8.541662216186523]
[15.036325454711914]
[0.03456330671906471]
[0.5845375657081604]
[11.178694725036621]
[0.014032452367246151]
[640.9552612304688]
[6.6938557624816895]
[5.895388126373291]
[5.704436779022217]
[0.10040327161550522]
[1241.81005859375]
[3.272115468978882]
[13.185467720031738]
[6.486713409423828]
[0.3993038237094879]
[10.654379844665527]
[12.238844871520996]
[1.1112967729568481]
[4.025007247924805]
[2.1191625595092773]
[3.609694480895996]
[2.0589704513549805]
[132.7314910888672]
[3.916048526763916]
[1.7234833240509033]
[11.118071556091309]
[0.4440830945968628]
[11.214455604553223]
[163.29769897460938]
[15.948044776916504]
[3.650658369064331]
[2.55637264251709]
[9.32365608215332]
[3.201261043548584]
[13.438030242919922]
[312.4613342285156]
[1.086196780204773]
[4.6231489181518555]
[1.1857013702392578]
[10.097949981689453]
[7.983974456787109]
[6.930845260620117]
[13.448123931884766]
[1.0375288724899292]
[0.07641837000846863]
[1.4983456134796143]
[16.303281784057617]
[13.385214805603027]
[2.4484729766845703]
[2.335759162902832]
[465.3661804199219]
[2.025853157043457]
[919.8646850585938]
[0.2328508198261261]
[2.369795799255371]
[92.22065734863281]
[244.91949462890625]
[64.57677459716797]
[6.693825721740723]
[2.0336456298828125]
[5.8638739585876465]
[7.83048152923584]
[8.832540512084961]
[926.0454711914062]
[6.586135387420654]
[9.358610153198242]
[10.698450088500977]
[52.865047454833984]
[4.160628795623779]
[0.0179703738540411]
[2.9078474044799805]
[2.2875406742095947]
[1.1861052513122559]
[7.598366737365723]
[5.091708183288574]
[3.569894313812256]
[6.092001914978027]
[80.15602111816406]
[1.1371433734893799]
[0.6439090967178345]
[5.416760444641113]
[2.4032013416290283]
[0.43330156803131104]
[11.306158065795898]
[0.2595248520374298]
[19.87277603149414]
[276.18017578125]
[9.729934692382812]
[1.1786962747573853]
[0.1982874721288681]
[38.853328704833984]
[1.2083468437194824]
[0.14291058480739594]
[8.592194557189941]
[13.553869247436523]
[112.32781219482422]
[1.0202109813690186]
[2172.90869140625]
[7.167665004730225]
[3.277850389480591]
[85.92984008789062]
[256.7196960449219]
[79.88093566894531]
[19.330556869506836]
[43.64085006713867]
[8.814107894897461]
[2.5313663482666016]
[19.183242797851562]
[51.59052276611328]
[18.671306610107422]
[22.922290802001953]
[1.7885518074035645]
[2.4698305130004883]
[3.613762140274048]
[1.0638751983642578]
[5.529207706451416]
[9.166155815124512]
[131.98887634277344]
[6.180323600769043]
[2.5199801921844482]
[0.32675492763519287]
[3.7666308879852295]
[8.002727508544922]
[5.762665271759033]
[0.6098729372024536]
[14.444535255432129]
[2.9696218967437744]
[4.000866889953613]
[1.1963356733322144]
[144.72402954101562]
[5.910463333129883]
[13.316486358642578]
[1.3720083236694336]
[6.775711536407471]
[813.60498046875]
[1.9032706022262573]
[152.35321044921875]
[10.480774879455566]
[73.97270965576172]
[11.323155403137207]
[6.198907375335693]
[1.8508588075637817]
[110.80778503417969]
[6.808146953582764]
[3.8684628009796143]
[9.11522102355957]
[4.6010823249816895]
[10.690873146057129]
[3.307457685470581]
[0.3790218234062195]
[163.3987274169922]
[9.22652816772461]
[103.65775299072266]
[3.3326261043548584]
[478.58453369140625]
[9.303771018981934]
[1.4335970878601074]
[3.0795247554779053]
[1.189103603363037]
[4.01548433303833]
[0.9320591688156128]
[0.5586866140365601]
[89.96318054199219]
[0.9009543061256409]
[12.165157318115234]
[10.236137390136719]
[3.3341562747955322]
[3.655474901199341]
[259.8395080566406]
[1.3558851480484009]
[0.4096120595932007]
[2.300758123397827]
[0.5357111692428589]
[11.464776992797852]
[6.418275356292725]
[13.648183822631836]
[0.4216688275337219]
[4.424129486083984]
[6.148282527923584]
[3.6598715782165527]
[8.256181716918945]
[19.884611129760742]
[2.68087100982666]
[4.57145881652832]
[7.355074405670166]
[5.0562944412231445]
[0.36316749453544617]
[0.29169273376464844]
[7.617456436157227]
[5.185854911804199]
[112.33226776123047]
[54.88029861450195]
[0.5132451057434082]
[15.460433006286621]
[4.877315521240234]
[0.019479461014270782]
[3.5018811225891113]
[4.426052093505859]
[4.659274101257324]
[3.2146925926208496]
[21.70867347717285]
[0.2222946733236313]
[44.75950622558594]
[0.2855267822742462]
[9.093401908874512]
[84.40364074707031]
[0.08099257200956345]
[0.025549128651618958]
[4.702096939086914]
[603.3931274414062]
[83.06198120117188]
[0.4878467619419098]
[0.6273868083953857]
[0.4826657772064209]
[5.181069850921631]
[3.0149097442626953]
[0.428422212600708]
[9.18351936340332]
[2.289628267288208]
[0.13751868903636932]
[0.9813286066055298]
[0.47949668765068054]
[3.1484832763671875]
[5.299363613128662]
[1252.824951171875]
[0.7932273149490356]
[0.9970433712005615]
[1.1217652559280396]
[2.4925074577331543]
[7.8982720375061035]
[7.82017707824707]
[118.01396179199219]
[18.115642547607422]
[13.454115867614746]
[35.21391677856445]
[140.88621520996094]
[17.159547805786133]
[2.5152714252471924]
[0.01392148993909359]
[15.406900405883789]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.3393054008483887]
[1.6918870210647583]
[0.8686937093734741]
[68.81932067871094]
[14.483489036560059]
[0.18778473138809204]
[1.5571305751800537]
[4.472991943359375]
[7.560245513916016]
[119.5568618774414]
[6.899899959564209]
[10.235280990600586]
[1.308634638786316]
[1.6074427366256714]
[281.4858703613281]
[4.317891597747803]
[6.851903915405273]
[11.717259407043457]
[2.598706007003784]
[0.8245561122894287]
[12.471637725830078]
[12.072576522827148]
[8.781120300292969]
[109.86770629882812]
[8.247627258300781]
[2.236760377883911]
[0.6760082840919495]
[5.142993927001953]
[18.603181838989258]
[1.9247533082962036]
[0.10551317036151886]
[0.9574370384216309]
[103.22534942626953]
[0.6609230041503906]
[2.6976358890533447]
[9.0914888381958]
[6.283713340759277]
[1.1493477821350098]
[0.5429607033729553]
[6.096764087677002]
[4.7258830070495605]
[123.75782012939453]
[1.0586037635803223]
[8.520654678344727]
[4.070192813873291]
[1.0600368976593018]
[1.4680747985839844]
[2.27506160736084]
[2.8957529067993164]
[15.903105735778809]
[57.60311508178711]
[2.220388650894165]
[0.8738300204277039]
[0.7019369602203369]
[8.504636764526367]
[0.8350625038146973]
[13.551094055175781]
[0.8853933215141296]
[7.433957099914551]
[1.0262188911437988]
[6.638200759887695]
[2.8565971851348877]
[0.8270799517631531]
[3.061213731765747]
[12.500627517700195]
[1.1199920177459717]
[2.0293171405792236]
[133.93295288085938]
[99.26016235351562]
[1.0842951536178589]
[1.4471701383590698]
[0.02324892207980156]
[2.3260300159454346]
[100.78041076660156]
[20.544748306274414]
[68.0036849975586]
[0.39237481355667114]
[0.9016335010528564]
[1.5549798011779785]
[1.0956127643585205]
[3.953531503677368]
[0.4465511441230774]
[3.4163782596588135]
[1.1028132438659668]
[4.323758602142334]
[1.5655827522277832]
[5.1062421798706055]
[1.6426513195037842]
[1.1919995546340942]
[2.003542423248291]
[2.1756997108459473]
[0.47867390513420105]
[6.804802417755127]
[4.614338397979736]
[10.708475112915039]
[4.737213611602783]
[0.6320876479148865]
[0.06043156981468201]
[0.2628558874130249]
[0.18070797622203827]
[1.206545352935791]
[0.18276093900203705]
[2.370163917541504]
[2.954916000366211]
[0.537366509437561]
[4.011120319366455]
[0.6934361457824707]
[3.7873826026916504]
[90.47712707519531]
[5.890750885009766]
[80.71790313720703]
[0.1074548214673996]
[1.6044849157333374]
[0.46928954124450684]
[62.438499450683594]
[1.5017445087432861]
[0.4028293192386627]
[0.36005550622940063]
[1.030728816986084]
[4.5724616050720215]
[0.3528241813182831]
[104.81187438964844]
[0.14585737884044647]
[1.5533950328826904]
[0.5970797538757324]
[2.665536403656006]
[0.3658781051635742]
[0.338436484336853]
[0.22277216613292694]
[0.8175185918807983]
[4.6312174797058105]
[2.164212942123413]
[1.0602788925170898]
[6.03359317779541]
[0.5700840950012207]
[0.5929595828056335]
[12.639606475830078]
[0.31184956431388855]
[0.3605527877807617]
[116.78691101074219]
[0.3920791745185852]
[50.30497741699219]
[2.12362003326416]
[4.097550868988037]
[5.111330986022949]
[0.23561438918113708]
[0.15722082555294037]
[73.90240478515625]
[5.2873029708862305]
[125.85069274902344]
[0.30491453409194946]
[1.079088807106018]
[12.63656997680664]
[84.61149597167969]
[1.7846908569335938]
[1.2040467262268066]
[5.328690052032471]
[0.7238103747367859]
[2.055579900741577]
[3.578543186187744]
[1.4087730646133423]
[3.3892626762390137]
[0.5566338300704956]
[7.918699264526367]
[11.296825408935547]
[0.9318245649337769]
[3.028837203979492]
[2.2030718326568604]
[0.06426896154880524]
[37.199344635009766]
[0.8649938702583313]
[0.21855756640434265]
[1.8205218315124512]
[0.10315278172492981]
[214.91432189941406]
[7.08127498626709]
[0.2825835943222046]
[4.270068168640137]
[7.327035427093506]
[0.1286768764257431]
[2.8160996437072754]
[0.6318379640579224]
[15.812321662902832]
[0.949535608291626]
[1.1072670221328735]
[4.213267803192139]
[3.018608331680298]
[0.299572229385376]
[7.233865737915039]
[0.6131173372268677]
[1.3338255882263184]
[3.757758378982544]
[8.600810050964355]
[0.6986976861953735]
[4.475127220153809]
[6.0407257080078125]
[0.15131525695323944]
[1.774105191230774]
[0.37772271037101746]
[2.6672263145446777]
[6.712167263031006]
[1.4369642734527588]
[0.1894409954547882]
[2.2650837898254395]
[0.9891714453697205]
[8.530019760131836]
[27.765892028808594]
[3.3084335327148438]
[70.0719223022461]
[1.0544651746749878]
[0.07216517627239227]
[0.646561861038208]
[0.34801948070526123]
[270.2586669921875]
[5.008529186248779]
[6.201907157897949]
[3.2052512168884277]
[0.36797192692756653]
[0.4505954682826996]
[0.32744771242141724]
[0.014328021556138992]
[1.596403956413269]
[1.7659684419631958]
[0.22701306641101837]
[2.6067655086517334]
[0.12531432509422302]
[10.500537872314453]
[65.58895874023438]
[0.07568326592445374]
[2.7081758975982666]
[1.051853060722351]
[84.43833923339844]
[0.16628047823905945]
[2.5217041969299316]
[1211.7891845703125]
[0.19489067792892456]
[2.3179492950439453]
[14.969517707824707]
[0.09451045095920563]
[0.5508823990821838]
[8.086376190185547]
[1.052679419517517]
[8.895157814025879]
[0.18325947225093842]
[96.98992919921875]
[5.656160354614258]
[2.9281222820281982]
[1.4907405376434326]
[9.810602188110352]
[0.5819234251976013]
[22.82827377319336]
[12.308563232421875]
[15.978741645812988]
[3.6634910106658936]
[0.6936291456222534]
[7.530658721923828]
[5.658132553100586]
[5.711299896240234]
[1.3649412393569946]
[87.49092102050781]
[1.392293095588684]
[1.1418333053588867]
[3.8687381744384766]
[3.342897415161133]
[9.317996978759766]
[1.0269358158111572]
[0.41993361711502075]
[59.72306823730469]
[0.4379936158657074]
[1.8803153038024902]
[2.5314903259277344]
[9.707487106323242]
[8.134870529174805]
[9.445699691772461]
[5.140039443969727]
[43.07770538330078]
[2.195472478866577]
[0.5491006970405579]
[1.440025806427002]
[3.0764331817626953]
[0.5432977080345154]
[7.198922634124756]
[0.5914056301116943]
[2.9225449562072754]
[1.0031096935272217]
[6.886483192443848]
[3.937650680541992]
[0.7677658200263977]
[79.09032440185547]
[60.3818473815918]
[262.12774658203125]
[2.2557084560394287]
[0.4354994595050812]
[0.7865039706230164]
[0.4174392819404602]
[0.06473886221647263]
[29.39168930053711]
[91.4731674194336]
[3.057513952255249]
[0.14118558168411255]
[0.7773975133895874]
[0.5180285573005676]
[0.18606027960777283]
[1.4229241609573364]
[12.426836013793945]
[205.0177764892578]
[9.216793060302734]
[7.585255146026611]
[15.715331077575684]
[0.7844045758247375]
[10.351849555969238]
[7.810894012451172]
[2.604581832885742]
[5.666845798492432]
[7.7342848777771]
[4.124358177185059]
[21.95470428466797]
[2.4931671619415283]
[0.7361700534820557]
[5.957167148590088]
[3.5746309757232666]
[6.57586669921875]
[0.9242501854896545]
[133.1284637451172]
[0.5281631946563721]
[43.72332000732422]
[6.671746253967285]
[0.21105849742889404]
[2.3017690181732178]
[0.3617280125617981]
[6.9326019287109375]
[9.928945541381836]
[3.764955520629883]
[0.651378870010376]
[7.396684169769287]
[26.731264114379883]
[2.9487366676330566]
[4.336521625518799]
[10.103528022766113]
[0.5158504247665405]
[3.206629753112793]
[8.270149230957031]
[107.23751831054688]
[4.0594611167907715]
[3.560143232345581]
[5.0142717361450195]
[0.04805740341544151]
[73.0563735961914]
[41.741695404052734]
[3.2913596630096436]
[0.9252156019210815]
[1.8731751441955566]
[0.7203131318092346]
[5.953344821929932]
[0.4446549117565155]
[102.32083892822266]
[3.261639356613159]
[8.9572114944458]
[1.1958926916122437]
[0.6901763081550598]
[0.19753524661064148]
[1.7250032424926758]
[1.48847234249115]
[5.200626373291016]
[148.91229248046875]
[112.22879791259766]
[0.32788580656051636]
[82.62586975097656]
[1.171903133392334]
[7.063868522644043]
[1.223584771156311]
[1.4281296730041504]
[1.4803825616836548]
[0.6231504678726196]
[52.67213439941406]
[87.79486083984375]
[2.0109217166900635]
[0.1693299412727356]
[501.229736328125]
[0.6764839291572571]
[0.3522930145263672]
[10.661048889160156]
[4.742079257965088]
[11.688952445983887]
[0.22076496481895447]
[1.144881248474121]
[0.7195835113525391]
[0.19865161180496216]
[12.906702041625977]
[0.5804363489151001]
[11.095190048217773]
[0.711456835269928]
[4.354234218597412]
[21.533056259155273]
[2.9935920238494873]
[6.95767068862915]
[7.359135627746582]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.31211239099502563]
[7.737709999084473]
[8.994967460632324]
[0.6630232930183411]
[0.6770221590995789]
[413.9278869628906]
[1.3869796991348267]
[2.584130048751831]
[0.4124346077442169]
[71.81475067138672]
[2.025237560272217]
[9.309803009033203]
[0.43249115347862244]
[6.54559326171875]
[6.892673492431641]
[1.6276148557662964]
[0.9225007891654968]
[0.27162882685661316]
[2.1795847415924072]
[1.681815505027771]
[0.2901209890842438]
[1.4700126647949219]
[38.53896713256836]
[0.6775709390640259]
[92.90885925292969]
[3.564527988433838]
[0.7416713237762451]
[0.3681930601596832]
[0.49241334199905396]
[0.5255531668663025]
[65.19467163085938]
[0.36534470319747925]
[14.19314193725586]
[9.209786415100098]
[0.5340321063995361]
[33.07610321044922]
[9.107004165649414]
[4.704619884490967]
[0.5411401391029358]
[0.02127453312277794]
[0.15419979393482208]
[440.22039794921875]
[12.035086631774902]
[0.6249566674232483]
[0.2629369795322418]
[0.5678607821464539]
[2.7002298831939697]
[1.4105664491653442]
[0.20921167731285095]
[2.3402836322784424]
[0.2459341436624527]
[0.43972501158714294]
[4.923645496368408]
[1.0331169366836548]
[7.495535850524902]
[0.8666796684265137]
[14.340397834777832]
[2.00325083732605]
[6.943513870239258]
[0.3763889670372009]
[211.9799346923828]
[1.592970609664917]
[1104.987060546875]
[2.466707706451416]
[6.610853672027588]
[8.689308166503906]
[133.50604248046875]
[1.3716017007827759]
[0.7075612545013428]
[7.596751689910889]
[1.438319444656372]
[0.14461810886859894]
[1.6750282049179077]
[15.977909088134766]
[0.2889157831668854]
[0.09958375990390778]
[1.4438652992248535]
[11.902688026428223]
[127.33214569091797]
[1.1003776788711548]
[104.70226287841797]
[16.410348892211914]
[0.13734865188598633]
[1.2404202222824097]
[11.956912994384766]
[0.43646129965782166]
[3.0657763481140137]
[11.567953109741211]
[17.15491485595703]
[0.7269787788391113]
[1.3304128646850586]
[0.018794091418385506]
[6.821447849273682]
[113.18264770507812]
[0.4106885492801666]
[0.8885385394096375]
[4.4499592781066895]
[0.6040858030319214]
[5.162195205688477]
[1.1307451725006104]
[16.581079483032227]
[8.160684585571289]
[10.741449356079102]
[10.047829627990723]
[145.49520874023438]
[10.198368072509766]
[3.9452478885650635]
[0.35890766978263855]
[4.150829315185547]
[2.169048547744751]
[245.1479949951172]
[4.969724178314209]
[183.2712860107422]
[27.74350357055664]
[0.4773542284965515]
[2.3458871841430664]
[7.733636379241943]
[1.8619056940078735]
[4.756032943725586]
[111.16574096679688]
[5.2684712409973145]
[52.301666259765625]
[0.7493653297424316]
[0.8767021298408508]
[7.7221293449401855]
[5.663257598876953]
[0.23420751094818115]
[8.46304988861084]
[6.569067478179932]
[15.69115924835205]
[0.5312240123748779]
[1.264357089996338]
[0.32957813143730164]
[1.1700714826583862]
[1.9590944051742554]
[22.25888442993164]
[2.2289609909057617]
[63.985103607177734]
[8.473289489746094]
[9.473343849182129]
[0.3169781565666199]
[0.9053333401679993]
[2.0009946823120117]
[0.6052329540252686]
[0.5864076018333435]
[0.304645836353302]
[1.7900855541229248]
[1.5924090147018433]
[3.4903087615966797]
[6.2977447509765625]
[0.30234843492507935]
[3.2681329250335693]
[0.3954949975013733]
[14.320028305053711]
[3.5761780738830566]
[0.5589194297790527]
[7.496673583984375]
[0.5229061245918274]
[0.5273163914680481]
[0.4278683066368103]
[7.087026596069336]
[8.841429710388184]
[1.1567894220352173]
[3.186384916305542]
[5.550980091094971]
[2.1646413803100586]
[2.0950424671173096]
[2.1205315589904785]
[7.956707000732422]
[131.1498260498047]
[0.9385589361190796]
[1.1526389122009277]
[3.2958710193634033]
[0.7660933136940002]
[1.2675024271011353]
[0.49439528584480286]
[7.4922661781311035]
[4.736868381500244]
[97.79623413085938]
[0.5915475487709045]
[11.399641036987305]
[2.0798861980438232]
[18.6087703704834]
[0.3951842784881592]
[3.4359045028686523]
[20.171865463256836]
[0.2272203415632248]
[0.37804070115089417]
[6.52198600769043]
[3.9395077228546143]
[7.8827924728393555]
[0.9576953053474426]
[20.35150146484375]
[0.8641488552093506]
[1.4480774402618408]
[0.5573232173919678]
[0.5584700703620911]
[0.17717240750789642]
[4.330949306488037]
[0.3992047905921936]
[309.05108642578125]
[0.3180209696292877]
[2.1940157413482666]
[0.8242034316062927]
[7.020566463470459]
[2.5730419158935547]
[0.745505690574646]
[0.6633118987083435]
[3.605679512023926]
[0.602261483669281]
[0.22170831263065338]
[1.545628309249878]
[4.198698043823242]
[6.234405517578125]
[296.0414123535156]
[4.554981708526611]
[7.26554012298584]
[8.700946807861328]
[2.403710126876831]
[6.968748092651367]
[213.50350952148438]
[0.5137857794761658]
[7.474423408508301]
[183.06040954589844]
[0.5808776617050171]
[9.340043067932129]
[0.6046509742736816]
[0.6052805185317993]
[129.6770477294922]
[2.5391340255737305]
[6.354368686676025]
[3.778883457183838]
[13.582510948181152]
[112.66079711914062]
[0.2969743609428406]
[1.8312373161315918]
[4.3389129638671875]
[4.138016223907471]
[6.7203497886657715]
[4.128978729248047]
[2.282175064086914]
[1.5553405284881592]
[0.17235945165157318]
[0.3571982681751251]
[0.9306684136390686]
[14.144079208374023]
[4.792247772216797]
[0.5335721373558044]
[12.206136703491211]
[0.13625837862491608]
[72.2625732421875]
[0.6989099979400635]
[15.953608512878418]
[0.22833286225795746]
[0.9562329053878784]
[4.476757049560547]
[6.312258243560791]
[0.40002670884132385]
[4.846490383148193]
[9.708270072937012]
[0.846483588218689]
[3.1266489028930664]
[1.722283959388733]
[0.2762444019317627]
[2.1363232135772705]
[0.4928441345691681]
[1.0150219202041626]
[5.154191493988037]
[36.73609161376953]
[6.124509334564209]
[71.3785629272461]
[7.49660587310791]
[2.9310038089752197]
[0.5976530313491821]
[213.99093627929688]
[50.21134948730469]
[72.57621002197266]
[7.004956245422363]
[0.7900107502937317]
[14.495306015014648]
[2.0121910572052]
[9.510048866271973]
[88.20516967773438]
[0.8228527307510376]
[10.570313453674316]
[24.0421142578125]
[8.081756591796875]
[4.847171783447266]
[0.9120245575904846]
[93.59093475341797]
[1.4967342615127563]
[0.36113253235816956]
[2.265519618988037]
[1.4202439785003662]
[0.8588635921478271]
[0.14408797025680542]
[0.8896932005882263]
[175.3997802734375]
[8.64076042175293]
[20.310077667236328]
[9.408456802368164]
[7.20003604888916]
[0.5356371998786926]
[3.9850704669952393]
[3.8913445472717285]
[1.2178356647491455]
[4.846554756164551]
[1147.9024658203125]
[66.79198455810547]
[3.577740430831909]
[1.2262089252471924]
[0.8859528303146362]
[5.058696746826172]
[6.272396087646484]
[9.306193351745605]
[2.1745853424072266]
[2.6156129837036133]
[0.9044492840766907]
[3.5231082439422607]
[3.559359550476074]
[3.5631585121154785]
[15.921669960021973]
[155.10726928710938]
[15.786955833435059]
[1.764047384262085]
[58.54889678955078]
[3.2387194633483887]
[24.4864559173584]
[20.507373809814453]
[1.824385643005371]
[5.1312384605407715]
[3.10068416595459]
[0.07035019993782043]
[6.530257701873779]
[2.372544765472412]
[26.373680114746094]
[0.5121546387672424]
[119.78446197509766]
[20.508211135864258]
[114.5660629272461]
[8.063716888427734]
[2.9357149600982666]
[13.262956619262695]
[0.09173562377691269]
[12.217934608459473]
[0.9701490998268127]
[10.960026741027832]
[6.167193412780762]
[12.169958114624023]
[0.6447773575782776]
[1.5366493463516235]
[14.45663833618164]
[11.592891693115234]
[2.0392661094665527]
[12.906723976135254]
[8.01794719696045]
[2453.610107421875]
[0.07240672409534454]
[87.32380676269531]
[1.147542953491211]
[10.214154243469238]
[8.737348556518555]
[1.402194857597351]
[17.207225799560547]
[8.151897430419922]
[17.72870635986328]
[26.634235382080078]
[182.27615356445312]
[15.04928970336914]
[51.354984283447266]
[235.4917755126953]
[4.80172872543335]
[3.6874663829803467]
[31.794389724731445]
[0.4140467941761017]
[23.5526065826416]
[8.287562370300293]
[21.955297470092773]
[21.160507202148438]
[1.922562837600708]
[15.39011001586914]
[3.661726474761963]
[48.76381301879883]
[118.18539428710938]
[8.656155586242676]
[19.673969268798828]
[10.615714073181152]
[25.378767013549805]
[23.178661346435547]
[18.443761825561523]
[0.5063968896865845]
[5.285775184631348]
[99.23371124267578]
[13.67821979522705]
[130.1092071533203]
[1.5210226774215698]
[3.091256618499756]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[11.6488618850708]
[2.8524057865142822]
[8.02365779876709]
[2.0029730796813965]
[1.659938931465149]
[1.1233537197113037]
[0.9359744787216187]
[0.8659277558326721]
[7.295408725738525]
[0.7853909134864807]
[0.45333003997802734]
[1.5961490869522095]
[4.036959171295166]
[8.853706359863281]
[281.9327087402344]
[3.351841449737549]
[0.4078792929649353]
[1430.2342529296875]
[0.5147707462310791]
[6.954104423522949]
[1.0432416200637817]
[0.4653373956680298]
[0.23296144604682922]
[0.659854531288147]
[6.367871284484863]
[16.489961624145508]
[1.6423628330230713]
[906.2603759765625]
[0.7915372252464294]
[10.172754287719727]
[15.968330383300781]
[34.69057846069336]
[8.217132568359375]
[0.640109658241272]
[0.10808082669973373]
[9.173108100891113]
[8.46932601928711]
[0.10689850151538849]
[4.4941086769104]
[394.4742431640625]
[0.09369580447673798]
[6.404376983642578]
[21.260936737060547]
[13.333970069885254]
[0.4733211398124695]
[305.3068542480469]
[25.53575897216797]
[24.054519653320312]
[7.663501739501953]
[425.3315124511719]
[9.592364311218262]
[10.197798728942871]
[10.777898788452148]
[0.8098544478416443]
[0.12500372529029846]
[10.156390190124512]
[35.059654235839844]
[7.32951545715332]
[13.819916725158691]
[1.2019305229187012]
[0.36864060163497925]
[0.10313769429922104]
[7.175200939178467]
[4.82883358001709]
[0.7748660445213318]
[2.177130699157715]
[24.877788543701172]
[0.18896852433681488]
[88.16548919677734]
[4.193667411804199]
[25.134897232055664]
[173.04217529296875]
[7.721958637237549]
[42.282161712646484]
[5.9994401931762695]
[2.5034327507019043]
[4.351678371429443]
[4.529075622558594]
[4.571277618408203]
[4.381811618804932]
[7.913141250610352]
[4.185991287231445]
[5.363922595977783]
[3.161177635192871]
[115.39937591552734]
[4.503537178039551]
[3.089831829071045]
[6.664217472076416]
[2.316199541091919]
[6.118237495422363]
[4.7345991134643555]
[0.2492656707763672]
[18.67803192138672]
[0.7278924584388733]
[1477.3125]
[0.9604489803314209]
[9.50523853302002]
[10.37777328491211]
[0.30864548683166504]
[0.6602928042411804]
[1.8703868389129639]
[7.406006336212158]
[0.22549110651016235]
[7.43032169342041]
[1.220474362373352]
[0.040880803018808365]
[2.7233197689056396]
[26.859142303466797]
[7.422657489776611]
[25.242351531982422]
[13.890522003173828]
[22.43124771118164]
[6.453744888305664]
[3.7925775051116943]
[4.769547462463379]
[0.26069504022598267]
[8.827316284179688]
[3.044802188873291]
[16.475879669189453]
[10.050032615661621]
[2.9183359146118164]
[0.7897497415542603]
[0.8094146847724915]
[0.3446657955646515]
[15.652091979980469]
[2.7228844165802]
[1.6898128986358643]
[9.858551025390625]
[1.3910126686096191]
[1.136897087097168]
[0.9021777510643005]
[22.160564422607422]
[1.4324265718460083]
[0.23134693503379822]
[156.1558837890625]
[35.857383728027344]
[5.679067611694336]
[8.672054290771484]
[7.11850643157959]
[8.216887474060059]
[158.95069885253906]
[4.399370193481445]
[22.279146194458008]
[2.657172918319702]
[0.6602151393890381]
[8.25938606262207]
[7.113703727722168]
[11.622453689575195]
[0.5648496747016907]
[0.36257821321487427]
[0.3023829162120819]
[0.26756441593170166]
[0.5590390563011169]
[2.9907033443450928]
[82.64176940917969]
[4.574316024780273]
[8.921699523925781]
[250.35733032226562]
[7.656007289886475]
[17.3485050201416]
[80.20709228515625]
[85.12239074707031]
[16.16063690185547]
[5.742875576019287]
[88.51486206054688]
[2.408432722091675]
[0.16280828416347504]
[11.335875511169434]
[5.503546714782715]
[965.0978393554688]
[0.1976921111345291]
[3.0346312522888184]
[87.01031494140625]
[1.3470988273620605]
[8.327592849731445]
[221.02481079101562]
[2.2528276443481445]
[15.249958038330078]
[4.359516143798828]
[17.065614700317383]
[6.3828935623168945]
[0.9547816514968872]
[8.302684783935547]
[6.366365909576416]
[2.304293394088745]
[53.35710144042969]
[83.28993225097656]
[2.165644645690918]
[17.549121856689453]
[0.044227197766304016]
[12.733065605163574]
[5.954523086547852]
[837.84912109375]
[0.7984641790390015]
[6.000962734222412]
[2.636337995529175]
[79.27349853515625]
[0.5496068000793457]
[11.283234596252441]
[0.5425183773040771]
[2.861855983734131]
[12.046229362487793]
[10.428396224975586]
[21.318370819091797]
[4.444092273712158]
[159.4902801513672]
[4.821129322052002]
[5.316053867340088]
[0.8608471751213074]
[1.3486742973327637]
[8.048517227172852]
[0.6260918974876404]
[2.2396106719970703]
[196.00054931640625]
[19.737445831298828]
[0.4356957972049713]
[0.4005880057811737]
[5.684729099273682]
[5.506136894226074]
[182.06463623046875]
[7.7178053855896]
[3.5041255950927734]
[4.980255126953125]
[1.8438615798950195]
[4.170637130737305]
[1061.8084716796875]
[161.66773986816406]
[3.1120259761810303]
[7.7841925621032715]
[4.388977527618408]
[91.435546875]
[5.980325222015381]
[1.3144587278366089]
[7.627327919006348]
[2.179872512817383]
[16.930139541625977]
[7.483195781707764]
[9.822537422180176]
[2.049149513244629]
[98.30554962158203]
[7.3938140869140625]
[10.352036476135254]
[1.3896740674972534]
[8.611690521240234]
[1.1469826698303223]
[1.1072914600372314]
[0.062172871083021164]
[1.1768461465835571]
[0.47891929745674133]
[0.07017818093299866]
[0.2121371626853943]
[117.2087631225586]
[8.749507904052734]
[0.5801246166229248]
[0.6285843849182129]
[1.1003273725509644]
[142.5537872314453]
[0.2725425660610199]
[10.025738716125488]
[88.04725646972656]
[0.5720793008804321]
[1.1826832294464111]
[8.011945724487305]
[7.6882429122924805]
[8.169373512268066]
[4.041213512420654]
[0.3201662302017212]
[7.237518310546875]
[2.0512869358062744]
[104.34808349609375]
[7.048483371734619]
[0.21740520000457764]
[6.768941879272461]
[6.595797538757324]
[7.3958258628845215]
[80.25919342041016]
[10.139305114746094]
[10.146130561828613]
[1.9465551376342773]
[77.41658782958984]
[4.793197154998779]
[19.61233901977539]
[0.09239175170660019]
[80.23054504394531]
[0.03627372905611992]
[5.020153999328613]
[0.35366374254226685]
[3.698087215423584]
[1.5210362672805786]
[1.5982049703598022]
[5.2473673820495605]
[98.96529388427734]
[13.089447975158691]
[0.793866753578186]
[5.746591091156006]
[3.9873430728912354]
[6.621422290802002]
[0.11054795235395432]
[67.2635269165039]
[0.31519803404808044]
[0.3981565535068512]
[0.2166936695575714]
[0.7953717708587646]
[5.4973955154418945]
[1.8292794227600098]
[2.106779098510742]
[0.3673422932624817]
[750.2098999023438]
[0.2309090793132782]
[0.3989408016204834]
[3.0925981998443604]
[7.296519756317139]
[1.9871830940246582]
[1080.6824951171875]
[3.0932486057281494]
[7.810843467712402]
[0.37074461579322815]
[150.28265380859375]
[1.6734626293182373]
[7.448043346405029]
[6.122880458831787]
[0.993588387966156]
[0.6054267883300781]
[96.92113494873047]
[0.49501264095306396]
[7.32789421081543]
[40.329681396484375]
[11.835698127746582]
[1.1434146165847778]
[2.007277488708496]
[0.9255692362785339]
[2.8246819972991943]
[0.9609279036521912]
[235.9151153564453]
[1.8711273670196533]
[2.0955514907836914]
[1.0668549537658691]
[12.824336051940918]
[5.077274799346924]
[4.340579032897949]
[0.8259093761444092]
[0.8421841263771057]
[10.784945487976074]
[8.051302909851074]
[0.7781341075897217]
[12.949392318725586]
[5.085378646850586]
[7.8448896408081055]
[0.9563736915588379]
[14.483664512634277]
[0.18544109165668488]
[7.707674503326416]
[1814.326904296875]
[1.1419036388397217]
[30.827749252319336]
[3.6263413429260254]
[1.3530534505844116]
[2.8887898921966553]
[0.5290976166725159]
[114.88154602050781]
[2.0166380405426025]
[6.135550022125244]
[14.977779388427734]
[28.499469757080078]
[139.957275390625]
[10.023528099060059]
[1.332706093788147]
[25.950153350830078]
[76.05970001220703]
[2.1657285690307617]
[0.599506139755249]
[4.06369161605835]
[19.74453353881836]
[1.9203975200653076]
[0.5417144894599915]
[9.756747245788574]
[16.405040740966797]
[21.130521774291992]
[2073.581298828125]
[14.29818344116211]
[9.752561569213867]
[0.06041814014315605]
[0.7389776110649109]
[7.335988998413086]
[4.370368480682373]
[5.28708553314209]
[11.57479476928711]
[11.058440208435059]
[9.64977741241455]
[487.5556335449219]
[13.909872055053711]
[19.066076278686523]
[77.23883056640625]
[53.55876159667969]
[1.2268688678741455]
[16.0178279876709]
[36.105594635009766]
[42.97037124633789]
[152.2220458984375]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.1843976974487305]
[3.7448618412017822]
[3.062997817993164]
[1.206343173980713]
[15.123586654663086]
[20.513906478881836]
[3.6497068405151367]
[9.0361967086792]
[2.3297572135925293]
[286.9710998535156]
[0.12894810736179352]
[4.664815902709961]
[0.6292509436607361]
[1.118497371673584]
[13.995999336242676]
[0.3643597364425659]
[2.9182229042053223]
[0.49111732840538025]
[111.20219421386719]
[6.1275529861450195]
[7.745972156524658]
[0.5675791501998901]
[3.513540267944336]
[27.440383911132812]
[1.3939241170883179]
[92.18252563476562]
[0.9003947377204895]
[7.608104705810547]
[1.0090075731277466]
[3.458291530609131]
[0.906494677066803]
[0.7202832102775574]
[10.96742057800293]
[0.24591651558876038]
[3.9621222019195557]
[84.0619888305664]
[166.68910217285156]
[1.035009503364563]
[3.6639091968536377]
[0.5370855927467346]
[0.28612539172172546]
[4.175350189208984]
[0.6962421536445618]
[83.17768859863281]
[1.3233615159988403]
[2.2671308517456055]
[30.71613311767578]
[12.887491226196289]
[0.299827516078949]
[78.47523498535156]
[7.274782657623291]
[72.61438751220703]
[4.5123467445373535]
[0.19467410445213318]
[5.844948768615723]
[0.20266956090927124]
[0.5092083215713501]
[93.28263854980469]
[4.997656345367432]
[1.5496982336044312]
[1.7801597118377686]
[0.2561754286289215]
[4.660610198974609]
[5.9117302894592285]
[6.791879653930664]
[1.0711338520050049]
[0.5543327927589417]
[65.24049377441406]
[6.570231914520264]
[7.803644180297852]
[16.381305694580078]
[91.65848541259766]
[0.2888820767402649]
[1466.9937744140625]
[3.2462658882141113]
[1.331955075263977]
[2.4787302017211914]
[11.603541374206543]
[0.15672723948955536]
[1.6883336305618286]
[13.602736473083496]
[477.865966796875]
[3.819850444793701]
[1.2058110237121582]
[1.9756108522415161]
[37.33781051635742]
[24.96648406982422]
[0.4627280533313751]
[60.62602996826172]
[0.8096166849136353]
[15.454615592956543]
[7.192460536956787]
[32.5703125]
[2.1164543628692627]
[7.698878288269043]
[91.97931671142578]
[11.038603782653809]
[2.030794143676758]
[17.907115936279297]
[3.111097812652588]
[17.387548446655273]
[10.16177749633789]
[8.911941528320312]
[15.705461502075195]
[6.028553485870361]
[1.8764524459838867]
[1.3998805284500122]
[13.191944122314453]
[8.613052368164062]
[0.0664035752415657]
[11.116908073425293]
[15.627606391906738]
[7.779102802276611]
[0.6610736846923828]
[1.3393449783325195]
[0.10165824741125107]
[3.182904005050659]
[3.717661142349243]
[2.299943447113037]
[5.98281192779541]
[11.295649528503418]
[0.6929752230644226]
[1.071096420288086]
[20.683805465698242]
[0.4005391001701355]
[5.8894805908203125]
[0.7440770864486694]
[9.625116348266602]
[0.7779303789138794]
[8.898872375488281]
[76.90275573730469]
[0.7957653999328613]
[5.4641289710998535]
[0.17114116251468658]
[1.0749894380569458]
[0.43702948093414307]
[9.119007110595703]
[0.08048238605260849]
[5.4267449378967285]
[3.976060152053833]
[293.36114501953125]
[1.8539990186691284]
[795.73193359375]
[82.60818481445312]
[0.1747657209634781]
[0.0686909407377243]
[2.056910276412964]
[0.6180442571640015]
[0.4837045967578888]
[0.970745861530304]
[0.5120630860328674]
[7.4001851081848145]
[5.365463733673096]
[11.094260215759277]
[1.4142004251480103]
[4.230139255523682]
[12.532766342163086]
[1.3706859350204468]
[118.4134750366211]
[10.454181671142578]
[0.8726860284805298]
[121.83236694335938]
[173.99176025390625]
[8.332151412963867]
[0.13525809347629547]
[3.1864402294158936]
[4.561976432800293]
[0.1682032197713852]
[4.655044078826904]
[8.796263694763184]
[0.8179329633712769]
[0.8266587853431702]
[0.32821351289749146]
[0.45608532428741455]
[8.4973783493042]
[8.099138259887695]
[5.561085224151611]
[47.415367126464844]
[35.932865142822266]
[16.027877807617188]
[4.785172939300537]
[9.79886531829834]
[93.05359649658203]
[0.3169630765914917]
[3.774808645248413]
[5.820023059844971]
[11.1480712890625]
[310.91827392578125]
[6.1884565353393555]
[2.5106701850891113]
[6.779852390289307]
[8.441947937011719]
[5.0855512619018555]
[42.3292121887207]
[2.5347867012023926]
[7.030440807342529]
[0.8278411030769348]
[1.2976298332214355]
[1.8662196397781372]
[8.414985656738281]
[1.0416150093078613]
[0.49979355931282043]
[1.2477794885635376]
[69.51102447509766]
[0.5941714644432068]
[10.048140525817871]
[0.4497441053390503]
[2.796315908432007]
[12.259263038635254]
[8.030696868896484]
[0.8184811472892761]
[7.928351402282715]
[4.067013740539551]
[4.645451545715332]
[2.2872142791748047]
[0.9154672026634216]
[3.0191400051116943]
[6.433797836303711]
[0.7230440378189087]
[9.67385196685791]
[0.46790894865989685]
[5.688119411468506]
[0.6860541701316833]
[3.865464210510254]
[14.228387832641602]
[0.867037832736969]
[6.99080753326416]
[1.5458225011825562]
[0.2012632191181183]
[0.2239147424697876]
[0.8793896436691284]
[2.764707326889038]
[4.446599960327148]
[5.329618453979492]
[0.7650189399719238]
[0.8805572390556335]
[3.6250131130218506]
[0.5528488755226135]
[2.050590753555298]
[1.0954980850219727]
[0.6591193675994873]
[2.105189085006714]
[16.668235778808594]
[2.376640558242798]
[0.27962633967399597]
[7.275341987609863]
[3.297438144683838]
[1.812484860420227]
[1.852488398551941]
[4.305301666259766]
[1.3390060663223267]
[6.513125419616699]
[3.824106216430664]
[5.129342555999756]
[5.4641828536987305]
[12.431866645812988]
[0.24241861701011658]
[2.167009115219116]
[6.8610687255859375]
[147.47354125976562]
[1.2660572528839111]
[2.563499689102173]
[712.4512329101562]
[5.930812358856201]
[2.2708330154418945]
[0.8103277683258057]
[0.29274919629096985]
[0.3466029763221741]
[8.69039535522461]
[6.627082347869873]
[0.8901448249816895]
[5.326405048370361]
[1.5265270471572876]
[0.7710446119308472]
[8.22829532623291]
[316.6418151855469]
[6.499145030975342]
[224.84214782714844]
[3.902073383331299]
[36.47547149658203]
[42.92390060424805]
[0.9131327867507935]
[0.33035051822662354]
[0.7063497304916382]
[106.8372573852539]
[8.748613357543945]
[4.4729695320129395]
[1.3663837909698486]
[0.18856500089168549]
[6.004446506500244]
[8.121638298034668]
[0.1993938833475113]
[2.584469795227051]
[10.191344261169434]
[1133.2177734375]
[5.758421421051025]
[11.725116729736328]
[8.184554100036621]
[19.660846710205078]
[1.1631016731262207]
[14.973925590515137]
[5.861718654632568]
[0.22003662586212158]
[6.788787841796875]
[0.642963171005249]
[6.592503070831299]
[1.1566489934921265]
[1.6256293058395386]
[5.982435703277588]
[97.06802368164062]
[19.407703399658203]
[0.848473072052002]
[94.59280395507812]
[8.726906776428223]
[1189.2449951171875]
[3.2994439601898193]
[2.6079976558685303]
[5.111583709716797]
[0.8074387907981873]
[2.9044189453125]
[10.276551246643066]
[22.71502685546875]
[9.081000328063965]
[0.11207562685012817]
[2.8948419094085693]
[6.519942760467529]
[6.418218612670898]
[0.3515697121620178]
[5.555525302886963]
[0.3562573194503784]
[15.794271469116211]
[1.3908514976501465]
[2.0171782970428467]
[10.612174987792969]
[378.1772155761719]
[44.777732849121094]
[0.2579597234725952]
[5.900540828704834]
[3.768711805343628]
[8.422223091125488]
[3.4507205486297607]
[0.3564472496509552]
[1.0309016704559326]
[0.6504918932914734]
[1.257267951965332]
[12.063182830810547]
[1.9920841455459595]
[1.260227084159851]
[8.40227222442627]
[3.4600768089294434]
[0.8976609706878662]
[1.6689759492874146]
[15.174825668334961]
[6.511564254760742]
[2.3112103939056396]
[4.9038238525390625]
[0.6739452481269836]
[0.18580858409404755]
[0.059642285108566284]
[6.23017692565918]
[0.17211619019508362]
[2.638084650039673]
[226.26451110839844]
[0.30920469760894775]
[2.525057315826416]
[8.897089004516602]
[88.85149383544922]
[5.289178848266602]
[2.1828725337982178]
[4.857193470001221]
[1.8723949193954468]
[6.8238677978515625]
[5.352113723754883]
[216.54266357421875]
[0.1724645495414734]
[9.853793144226074]
[1.4347198009490967]
[176.09376525878906]
[2.6138617992401123]
[0.8112585544586182]
[0.19408386945724487]
[98.27970886230469]
[2.7169008255004883]
[8.825756072998047]
[3.1450271606445312]
[2.414323568344116]
[3.0056817531585693]
[0.523148775100708]
[7.237610340118408]
[7.707213878631592]
[9.749296188354492]
[3.606377363204956]
[0.43197765946388245]
[0.38093456625938416]
[0.14743436872959137]
[6.675905704498291]
[0.171082004904747]
[0.48464640974998474]
[1.387752652168274]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[6.2393622398376465]
[1.8480725288391113]
[6.783448696136475]
[4.775973796844482]
[16.31615447998047]
[1.9175697565078735]
[0.23459407687187195]
[7.950509548187256]
[11.7783203125]
[2.4722514152526855]
[0.7235292196273804]
[1.2133229970932007]
[3.7909066677093506]
[0.4247242212295532]
[0.12615744769573212]
[3.6595120429992676]
[57.53250503540039]
[1.8486642837524414]
[0.4393102526664734]
[6.525516510009766]
[9.514854431152344]
[13.551639556884766]
[4.508432388305664]
[0.4521726965904236]
[8.978361129760742]
[0.9302763938903809]
[4.819416522979736]
[0.8829689025878906]
[0.33155953884124756]
[0.07148387283086777]
[4.101717472076416]
[9.389252662658691]
[0.0180421844124794]
[0.036104582250118256]
[0.8103681206703186]
[0.5113701820373535]
[0.5208055377006531]
[0.8661534190177917]
[6.26955509185791]
[4.09069299697876]
[0.8993584513664246]
[1.3819900751113892]
[6.583110332489014]
[0.3410709798336029]
[0.3664625287055969]
[1.4562106132507324]
[0.1365889012813568]
[0.7450700998306274]
[0.4685790240764618]
[0.45400291681289673]
[6.576634407043457]
[1.0127558708190918]
[0.2065335065126419]
[0.3940235376358032]
[3.901463031768799]
[0.33239859342575073]
[0.20016983151435852]
[0.7631735801696777]
[0.6789512038230896]
[101.37171936035156]
[0.22237075865268707]
[100.29989624023438]
[0.9404225945472717]
[4.582399368286133]
[68.82244873046875]
[0.7937643527984619]
[3.580016851425171]
[1.3923588991165161]
[0.7990610003471375]
[1.7321014404296875]
[6.283237934112549]
[0.3358369469642639]
[132.26608276367188]
[15.066303253173828]
[5.749342441558838]
[2.684225559234619]
[9.29885196685791]
[1.6781525611877441]
[2.3091886043548584]
[1.824986457824707]
[143.82464599609375]
[3.798508405685425]
[5.5183329582214355]
[3.0735766887664795]
[219.71925354003906]
[1.4673662185668945]
[7.799304962158203]
[17.151796340942383]
[101.12139892578125]
[2.8742117881774902]
[126.14282989501953]
[0.5996384620666504]
[1.56923246383667]
[11.90853500366211]
[1.1138094663619995]
[0.8291195034980774]
[0.9740495085716248]
[1.2952157258987427]
[0.06789796054363251]
[65.9045181274414]
[2.8602564334869385]
[6.351022243499756]
[0.9338365197181702]
[0.6030006408691406]
[0.15156389772891998]
[1.2971060276031494]
[3.3952372074127197]
[7.205398082733154]
[3.1244688034057617]
[4.886655807495117]
[1.6552140712738037]
[3.0351743698120117]
[0.0380217544734478]
[9.301875114440918]
[11.294593811035156]
[2.5422117710113525]
[10.804652214050293]
[68.72006225585938]
[0.2596580386161804]
[0.2564595341682434]
[0.052436329424381256]
[9.913274765014648]
[2.140687942504883]
[4.435000419616699]
[14.307195663452148]
[0.357321172952652]
[88.65219116210938]
[1.0716203451156616]
[0.08528737723827362]
[0.10117032378911972]
[0.6074879169464111]
[85.09405517578125]
[10.436301231384277]
[4.283938407897949]
[1.614780306816101]
[0.2738999128341675]
[4.801723957061768]
[0.44683051109313965]
[9.330833435058594]
[2.5720467567443848]
[15.820157051086426]
[0.03371861204504967]
[1.5016393661499023]
[3.9236202239990234]
[5.321615695953369]
[0.41254574060440063]
[1.864351511001587]
[7.612740516662598]
[0.021002287045121193]
[0.8339917063713074]
[550.9304809570312]
[7.3000874519348145]
[5.076786041259766]
[1.1615840196609497]
[1.5420607328414917]
[12.423190116882324]
[0.8362551927566528]
[0.296802282333374]
[0.3407130539417267]
[0.9767440557479858]
[2.1648807525634766]
[2.9918549060821533]
[5.5235724449157715]
[5.6760478019714355]
[0.031529225409030914]
[0.7285492420196533]
[4.291560173034668]
[3.586533784866333]
[1.1988710165023804]
[0.7757309675216675]
[9.793134689331055]
[4.687719345092773]
[7.0237274169921875]
[2.9484987258911133]
[0.3652172088623047]
[91.9505386352539]
[0.607883095741272]
[1.8125437498092651]
[61.2761116027832]
[2.618556499481201]
[61.15122985839844]
[0.9397872686386108]
[1.3606666326522827]
[111.92909240722656]
[4.491488456726074]
[0.12201717495918274]
[5.527890682220459]
[0.20854590833187103]
[0.1428496241569519]
[5.651782989501953]
[4.375548839569092]
[0.13116060197353363]
[0.7521520853042603]
[3.0652737617492676]
[17.009557723999023]
[0.6884551048278809]
[1.5133799314498901]
[0.8027501106262207]
[0.5670661330223083]
[0.17333005368709564]
[69.46255493164062]
[0.12346459180116653]
[0.910362184047699]
[28.468042373657227]
[0.5469984412193298]
[0.3423483669757843]
[5.732210159301758]
[3.403698205947876]
[0.5731974244117737]
[0.5385944843292236]
[0.4695587158203125]
[1.404037594795227]
[0.5000746250152588]
[0.14284895360469818]
[0.5327209830284119]
[4.3264312744140625]
[151.41439819335938]
[5.157331466674805]
[4.542680263519287]
[0.5241014957427979]
[2.3448572158813477]
[2.737741470336914]
[0.3130345046520233]
[0.6143485903739929]
[0.7478348016738892]
[0.158769890666008]
[0.43574824929237366]
[2.644386053085327]
[2.9828739166259766]
[2.485661745071411]
[0.9215028285980225]
[1.029446005821228]
[19.751523971557617]
[10.906351089477539]
[0.14296554028987885]
[3.226923942565918]
[0.4675567150115967]
[271.4299011230469]
[3.6269919872283936]
[0.8511924743652344]
[5.98097038269043]
[1.4419795274734497]
[0.8899524211883545]
[4.351277828216553]
[0.23832693696022034]
[1.3572202920913696]
[1.5259597301483154]
[0.0384332574903965]
[0.43838179111480713]
[6.3689045906066895]
[288.9765319824219]
[80.10028076171875]
[0.44746458530426025]
[1.4765658378601074]
[4.481655597686768]
[0.29605019092559814]
[0.17511995136737823]
[0.7612401843070984]
[1.3005812168121338]
[0.5233272314071655]
[24.372587203979492]
[0.6734235286712646]
[0.49558138847351074]
[0.16932326555252075]
[7.092928409576416]
[0.19459667801856995]
[13.178180694580078]
[2.7256979942321777]
[2.32401967048645]
[158.8886260986328]
[4.555787086486816]
[116.38969421386719]
[108.3235092163086]
[0.5991319417953491]
[0.36288657784461975]
[1.3004966974258423]
[6.552412509918213]
[197.63673400878906]
[102.71672821044922]
[0.41522765159606934]
[1.0883435010910034]
[10.682570457458496]
[7.4595046043396]
[3.161825656890869]
[5.648601055145264]
[8.82406234741211]
[0.5711566209793091]
[8.935504913330078]
[7.432399272918701]
[12.165305137634277]
[5.470565319061279]
[6.5767974853515625]
[2.409409284591675]
[2.0743401050567627]
[5.7775654792785645]
[0.38637515902519226]
[6.075138092041016]
[9.305758476257324]
[10.224188804626465]
[19.513395309448242]
[10.915417671203613]
[6.002469539642334]
[3.679975986480713]
[8.741103172302246]
[12.817060470581055]
[85.71080780029297]
[0.167104110121727]
[9.27915096282959]
[80.58385467529297]
[0.4634617567062378]
[0.6260613799095154]
[0.10743364691734314]
[4.516880989074707]
[2.3657846450805664]
[0.23471149802207947]
[2.5055572986602783]
[36.106266021728516]
[2.3897311687469482]
[13.349125862121582]
[9.03821086883545]
[3.329195022583008]
[0.9923616051673889]
[23.0445556640625]
[0.6692595481872559]
[2.583822250366211]
[16.307363510131836]
[7.453901290893555]
[0.5297876000404358]
[4.870555400848389]
[1.8687046766281128]
[2.662898302078247]
[7.342353343963623]
[1.5923680067062378]
[2.3611724376678467]
[0.211123526096344]
[0.5060985088348389]
[7.486070156097412]
[102.20974731445312]
[299.4678649902344]
[5.680690288543701]
[0.34435930848121643]
[0.4269814193248749]
[0.39748841524124146]
[1.2383859157562256]
[0.3146756887435913]
[2.0437562465667725]
[88.73925018310547]
[3.9379730224609375]
[18.550884246826172]
[2.231402635574341]
[6.203894138336182]
[0.01576121151447296]
[0.3369368612766266]
[50.71953582763672]
[21.756763458251953]
[0.47427213191986084]
[0.9010050892829895]
[70.01644897460938]
[4.3673529624938965]
[12.222556114196777]
[0.4013996124267578]
[4.796955108642578]
[0.5130823254585266]
[2.738765001296997]
[1.9059300422668457]
[0.3825550377368927]
[4.846927642822266]
[0.5214780569076538]
[0.2377035766839981]
[124.00785827636719]
[0.14251580834388733]
[113.31672668457031]
[5.515378475189209]
[4.462857723236084]
[16.861759185791016]
[4.372513294219971]
[0.6896820068359375]
[12.591852188110352]
[2.144745349884033]
[0.20718054473400116]
[0.3323848247528076]
[0.2514481842517853]
[11.636870384216309]
[278.33984375]
[0.0659918412566185]
[2.915243148803711]
[2.229205846786499]
[189.16091918945312]
[1.22014582157135]
[3.4568979740142822]
[2.1520707607269287]
[0.25428858399391174]
[5.1892571449279785]
[4.986129283905029]
[0.7603781223297119]
[4.176513195037842]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.6080527305603027]
[7.1999006271362305]
[5.689270496368408]
[50.82680130004883]
[0.4387783706188202]
[12.420762062072754]
[2.1061668395996094]
[4.823055267333984]
[6.107312202453613]
[0.1152573898434639]
[73.76712799072266]
[0.3276936709880829]
[1.1471683979034424]
[8.001017570495605]
[4.194057464599609]
[4.5253801345825195]
[0.5165892839431763]
[15.995379447937012]
[0.5152426362037659]
[0.9739729166030884]
[3.149036169052124]
[0.3422464430332184]
[2.718252658843994]
[0.2840779423713684]
[0.34170371294021606]
[2.435913324356079]
[7.229951858520508]
[1.0205776691436768]
[6.899988174438477]
[0.6912510395050049]
[6.909597396850586]
[0.6742578148841858]
[66.79839324951172]
[5.130639553070068]
[0.41860973834991455]
[0.419742226600647]
[0.4093010723590851]
[9.336268424987793]
[100.76666259765625]
[8.754857063293457]
[14.472962379455566]
[83.91423797607422]
[0.40372589230537415]
[2.387439489364624]
[0.21533535420894623]
[962.3646850585938]
[0.12705767154693604]
[64.8988265991211]
[2.1653261184692383]
[5.345556735992432]
[7.7793731689453125]
[0.7329323291778564]
[1.4944331645965576]
[1.458487868309021]
[5.514728546142578]
[3.8432624340057373]
[93.96932983398438]
[22.548114776611328]
[14.495326042175293]
[1.468268632888794]
[22.485549926757812]
[4.5054826736450195]
[11.686467170715332]
[398.00921630859375]
[1.91266667842865]
[0.8952397108078003]
[1.6569316387176514]
[0.47390565276145935]
[1.3794276714324951]
[2.3097457885742188]
[1.5359207391738892]
[13.238546371459961]
[7.664890766143799]
[9.10456657409668]
[0.11315193772315979]
[14.665064811706543]
[4.362257480621338]
[8.165087699890137]
[279.3931884765625]
[10.05996036529541]
[17.341007232666016]
[0.8611583113670349]
[123.44195556640625]
[4.149315357208252]
[2.704368829727173]
[0.4139026403427124]
[5.421080112457275]
[7.339360237121582]
[2.4303770065307617]
[0.2216520756483078]
[293.3639831542969]
[2.9489967823028564]
[7.131038665771484]
[0.6728096008300781]
[7.359710693359375]
[4.304495334625244]
[9.955117225646973]
[65.21002960205078]
[1.9257371425628662]
[73.28516387939453]
[2.237889051437378]
[2.7154529094696045]
[118.16301727294922]
[8.030075073242188]
[18.813274383544922]
[2.2629244327545166]
[0.6216303110122681]
[3.8332390785217285]
[9.110599517822266]
[1.6361262798309326]
[0.2138083428144455]
[1.3252649307250977]
[3.4195752143859863]
[1.3745107650756836]
[0.6937026381492615]
[118.45263671875]
[3.5778207778930664]
[2.811311721801758]
[11.262930870056152]
[636.7774047851562]
[6.396711349487305]
[0.3698360025882721]
[3.63875675201416]
[322.8482360839844]
[0.16130699217319489]
[20.939809799194336]
[0.8929435610771179]
[13.071913719177246]
[1.4992256164550781]
[17.030773162841797]
[7.304178237915039]
[1.1733425855636597]
[10.676921844482422]
[291.86077880859375]
[20.542621612548828]
[13.447662353515625]
[8.552884101867676]
[7.217464447021484]
[0.5412647128105164]
[11.719865798950195]
[0.6160222291946411]
[0.4676367938518524]
[11.919025421142578]
[7.005484104156494]
[0.4747541844844818]
[1.227122187614441]
[104.7742691040039]
[8.065677642822266]
[4.354642391204834]
[28.521825790405273]
[7.649680137634277]
[1.5742956399917603]
[15.007431983947754]
[0.6539468169212341]
[80.47777557373047]
[15.623815536499023]
[10.606925010681152]
[1.1196703910827637]
[1.4384891986846924]
[0.3827301859855652]
[2.1347854137420654]
[3.9673492908477783]
[7.023178577423096]
[1.2592787742614746]
[10.545065879821777]
[0.21035341918468475]
[6.166032314300537]
[3.686831474304199]
[0.22609569132328033]
[12.566031455993652]
[11.234630584716797]
[1.648858904838562]
[0.7290468811988831]
[3.975132942199707]
[9.306175231933594]
[1.7737455368041992]
[1367.278076171875]
[6.935154914855957]
[6.233274936676025]
[7.537265777587891]
[7.65951681137085]
[14.298497200012207]
[11.049044609069824]
[6.060359001159668]
[8.71308422088623]
[10.268375396728516]
[12.211841583251953]
[1.5713014602661133]
[54.38685607910156]
[5.260225296020508]
[0.5174058675765991]
[3.8123602867126465]
[89.18781280517578]
[0.9560881853103638]
[0.2900853455066681]
[8.266257286071777]
[7.983936309814453]
[118.96034240722656]
[105.7950210571289]
[1.718277096748352]
[0.9119107127189636]
[14.643403053283691]
[2.4966225624084473]
[6.319555759429932]
[3.342104434967041]
[3.935969352722168]
[173.33953857421875]
[2.4713070392608643]
[2.5843005180358887]
[144.49465942382812]
[6.472528457641602]
[4.108560085296631]
[11.017461776733398]
[9.84041690826416]
[0.23313960433006287]
[7.174134731292725]
[224.82244873046875]
[0.3965139091014862]
[0.5393465161323547]
[89.01319122314453]
[4.174673557281494]
[203.67576599121094]
[7.866611957550049]
[0.9545032382011414]
[11.181591033935547]
[2.1610212326049805]
[0.42602455615997314]
[1.6846646070480347]
[78.15878295898438]
[7.124248504638672]
[1.924382209777832]
[199.4447021484375]
[0.026984110474586487]
[108.61463165283203]
[0.7313971519470215]
[6.794656753540039]
[0.6614948511123657]
[3.8448269367218018]
[2.1918728351593018]
[2.598144769668579]
[11.435067176818848]
[7.629093647003174]
[2.233065605163574]
[0.6128265857696533]
[4.155781269073486]
[0.5135537981987]
[0.47776055335998535]
[1.6172538995742798]
[0.8448469638824463]
[0.6393988728523254]
[2.604433536529541]
[0.45470377802848816]
[0.9326561689376831]
[7.167240142822266]
[0.9805095195770264]
[14.171463966369629]
[1.1099574565887451]
[1.5118800401687622]
[1.070547342300415]
[5.345712661743164]
[1.1089472770690918]
[0.6430633664131165]
[5.236876964569092]
[2.8199079036712646]
[0.46062275767326355]
[4.794668674468994]
[0.40162384510040283]
[0.22840195894241333]
[0.10084802657365799]
[2.017538070678711]
[4.6033453941345215]
[3.301508903503418]
[86.72248840332031]
[1.6839176416397095]
[0.7631778120994568]
[6.994163990020752]
[0.43942156434059143]
[4.439764976501465]
[0.6078227758407593]
[1.1259585618972778]
[0.41544482111930847]
[1.3834573030471802]
[0.5460373759269714]
[3.149472236633301]
[0.3702968657016754]
[4.7412638664245605]
[10.184082984924316]
[2.9734947681427]
[2.845717668533325]
[17.101341247558594]
[1.2924513816833496]
[0.35160091519355774]
[73.80664825439453]
[4.9231767654418945]
[0.6633671522140503]
[0.36310482025146484]
[0.3565065860748291]
[0.45353779196739197]
[28.413606643676758]
[3.451739549636841]
[0.21772688627243042]
[614.5189208984375]
[1.7020950317382812]
[12.772778511047363]
[4.001485824584961]
[2.0479681491851807]
[1.3877577781677246]
[7.403871059417725]
[8.869121551513672]
[2.9651384353637695]
[1.3772854804992676]
[7.938720703125]
[1.3464890718460083]
[11.518393516540527]
[107.04425048828125]
[0.19761568307876587]
[1.1774502992630005]
[72.53072357177734]
[0.44394823908805847]
[4.326113700866699]
[7.401825428009033]
[0.9077818989753723]
[0.18078655004501343]
[4.979172229766846]
[37.377891540527344]
[71.23096466064453]
[2.5419411659240723]
[34.672298431396484]
[66.56700134277344]
[8.116544723510742]
[0.020943470299243927]
[0.4259416460990906]
[0.20089708268642426]
[0.9784061312675476]
[69.7699203491211]
[6.829016208648682]
[0.198877215385437]
[0.2640532851219177]
[18.512571334838867]
[1.1553637981414795]
[0.5870938301086426]
[8.612588882446289]
[0.2194727063179016]
[85.64636993408203]
[1.4546270370483398]
[20.9879093170166]
[9.07844066619873]
[4.604257583618164]
[0.2501181364059448]
[3.0418622493743896]
[1.9976474046707153]
[6.1928205490112305]
[82.20235443115234]
[6.317174911499023]
[1.2426981925964355]
[9.072833061218262]
[0.6859602928161621]
[3.028735637664795]
[0.5649116635322571]
[0.63759845495224]
[1.364511251449585]
[2.830005168914795]
[4.626972198486328]
[0.8701508045196533]
[18.5306453704834]
[2.002305507659912]
[0.4034445285797119]
[7.986914157867432]
[1.8530727624893188]
[0.34797364473342896]
[0.2775079607963562]
[1.379660964012146]
[3.4725284576416016]
[1.3500618934631348]
[0.443380743265152]
[2.942242383956909]
[7.757681846618652]
[2.4265875816345215]
[0.22694902122020721]
[3.3515374660491943]
[0.2507243752479553]
[0.5091701149940491]
[1.5858367681503296]
[10.779305458068848]
[9.713134765625]
[0.13850313425064087]
[2.2588675022125244]
[0.18675261735916138]
[8.023964881896973]
[10.206441879272461]
[0.4729710519313812]
[1.1283633708953857]
[144.8719482421875]
[0.46122992038726807]
[6.239253997802734]
[0.42390328645706177]
[24.126516342163086]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[2.0355663299560547]
[0.481080025434494]
[5.803472995758057]
[53.04554748535156]
[77.06787872314453]
[2.088803291320801]
[13.678458213806152]
[6.977794170379639]
[0.10558216273784637]
[6.14544677734375]
[181.80992126464844]
[0.8178010582923889]
[13.93881607055664]
[14.009077072143555]
[6.553574085235596]
[4.557831764221191]
[0.6033928990364075]
[0.16286899149417877]
[3.1393938064575195]
[85.54114532470703]
[1.5047122240066528]
[4.2365498542785645]
[19.321374893188477]
[8.48300552368164]
[0.8949071764945984]
[0.70769864320755]
[0.6980388164520264]
[9.914043426513672]
[5.47920036315918]
[0.16754551231861115]
[0.7881448268890381]
[4.475067138671875]
[1.615695834159851]
[87.68954467773438]
[0.2815512418746948]
[6.969547271728516]
[2.6942365169525146]
[3.915605068206787]
[6.718804359436035]
[0.8619407415390015]
[2.5518970489501953]
[235.97052001953125]
[1.0314056873321533]
[90.35069274902344]
[1.4980359077453613]
[2.425065279006958]
[0.42748305201530457]
[0.6315048336982727]
[2.6021130084991455]
[1.8628064393997192]
[8.82534122467041]
[0.541512668132782]
[0.5326616764068604]
[0.4940197765827179]
[0.2368917465209961]
[80.2303695678711]
[0.7533727288246155]
[5.748719692230225]
[1.4304805994033813]
[677.54296875]
[0.28085073828697205]
[2.5996932983398438]
[37.6151008605957]
[5.486513614654541]
[0.5545200109481812]
[0.4804460108280182]
[5.338712215423584]
[6.420928955078125]
[3.8017733097076416]
[4.322180271148682]
[4.335726261138916]
[7.993870735168457]
[2.2501301765441895]
[7.457376480102539]
[7.807143688201904]
[6.935488700866699]
[9.823724746704102]
[2.65022611618042]
[0.13267524540424347]
[4.282130718231201]
[0.17407450079917908]
[78.72383117675781]
[0.4510572850704193]
[2.212801933288574]
[97.31350708007812]
[2.744858503341675]
[8.908401489257812]
[2.8712029457092285]
[9.352906227111816]
[6.603274345397949]
[2.115900993347168]
[0.6586690545082092]
[2.251617670059204]
[0.40880152583122253]
[1.404869556427002]
[427.6059265136719]
[14.900829315185547]
[8.4169921875]
[0.45840388536453247]
[3.253164052963257]
[4.664040565490723]
[330.42742919921875]
[74.9500503540039]
[2.931995153427124]
[225.90835571289062]
[11.610159873962402]
[0.23544244468212128]
[69.71646881103516]
[4.036774635314941]
[0.7938050031661987]
[2.954075336456299]
[7.570432186126709]
[0.5646131634712219]
[102.51028442382812]
[12.735417366027832]
[1.4332797527313232]
[82.06085968017578]
[48.28376007080078]
[0.5561308860778809]
[171.75222778320312]
[1.083634376525879]
[2.129002571105957]
[16.220422744750977]
[0.20353220403194427]
[1.2564284801483154]
[0.6013426780700684]
[67.8812484741211]
[14.040824890136719]
[77.54409790039062]
[10.368839263916016]
[16.05564308166504]
[9.614679336547852]
[2.5022618770599365]
[4.940211296081543]
[2.220698595046997]
[15.672619819641113]
[1.074619174003601]
[91.23332977294922]
[10.726234436035156]
[5.331180572509766]
[7.018990993499756]
[5.594372749328613]
[2.796433210372925]
[3.702385187149048]
[0.11931268870830536]
[21.68701934814453]
[2.2510924339294434]
[75.79255676269531]
[3.0218796730041504]
[4.598306179046631]
[0.38658836483955383]
[0.4205284118652344]
[0.3474561274051666]
[2.533783197402954]
[0.5489882826805115]
[0.8459042906761169]
[99.29212951660156]
[67.10856628417969]
[0.17794305086135864]
[6.313722133636475]
[6.893496036529541]
[4.748414993286133]
[4.359958648681641]
[130.3885498046875]
[0.6226245164871216]
[3.0140480995178223]
[0.4219818115234375]
[14.611210823059082]
[5.717883110046387]
[8.379467964172363]
[1.4942238330841064]
[0.8458142280578613]
[10.219280242919922]
[1.3248182535171509]
[3.854856252670288]
[3.7651185989379883]
[135.55621337890625]
[1.6892482042312622]
[11.766833305358887]
[1.9894746541976929]
[7.4593000411987305]
[1.3113843202590942]
[0.11060479283332825]
[8.286796569824219]
[0.143010675907135]
[87.57296752929688]
[8.387277603149414]
[7.010730743408203]
[103.82701873779297]
[0.4566164016723633]
[12.390730857849121]
[58.023643493652344]
[0.14329677820205688]
[0.02229294553399086]
[7.171483993530273]
[0.6039548516273499]
[7.868201732635498]
[10.299315452575684]
[0.11368554085493088]
[14.353996276855469]
[1.5005443096160889]
[18.352092742919922]
[0.4689345955848694]
[36.9713249206543]
[1.6276952028274536]
[10.945174217224121]
[4.909904956817627]
[598.0084838867188]
[0.2896232604980469]
[4.06936502456665]
[3.428708791732788]
[0.7181088924407959]
[3.5554311275482178]
[299.30352783203125]
[119.60299682617188]
[4.420692443847656]
[0.23716682195663452]
[7.794956684112549]
[10.935405731201172]
[8.491732597351074]
[9.495479583740234]
[6.624181747436523]
[0.06305178999900818]
[362.6490173339844]
[9.546939849853516]
[5.701930046081543]
[0.7342021465301514]
[17.61602783203125]
[5.475404262542725]
[1.1448386907577515]
[7.6487555503845215]
[113.22620391845703]
[61.61204147338867]
[4.926471710205078]
[6.1794352531433105]
[94.91995239257812]
[0.22039461135864258]
[4.5380778312683105]
[2.4249582290649414]
[6.83328104019165]
[1.6292335987091064]
[14.6441650390625]
[9.301578521728516]
[8.909204483032227]
[0.44727787375450134]
[3.855409860610962]
[0.3747941851615906]
[1.293776273727417]
[81.7970962524414]
[0.5271227359771729]
[2.8965954780578613]
[9.53625774383545]
[0.387980580329895]
[9.94480037689209]
[8.145055770874023]
[11.725678443908691]
[3.035221815109253]
[4.309061050415039]
[809.2284545898438]
[0.6995148658752441]
[7.791695594787598]
[13.5067720413208]
[7.010564804077148]
[1.2637531757354736]
[22.145557403564453]
[4.503539085388184]
[0.05297110229730606]
[6.037510395050049]
[728.5189819335938]
[1.825873851776123]
[15.232853889465332]
[1.5360424518585205]
[4.500693321228027]
[4.573968410491943]
[15.791089057922363]
[1.224534511566162]
[8.450352668762207]
[0.7052819132804871]
[0.8585717678070068]
[1.1735758781433105]
[3.801034927368164]
[7.001585006713867]
[646.4766845703125]
[9.861413955688477]
[1.0839779376983643]
[2.4004080295562744]
[1.2913705110549927]
[3.0572235584259033]
[2.8080332279205322]
[0.8584161400794983]
[4.503706455230713]
[2.958613634109497]
[0.4926132559776306]
[419.72772216796875]
[0.6559479236602783]
[1.285400390625]
[4.189023971557617]
[6.894963264465332]
[0.4891069829463959]
[0.6011942028999329]
[5.335833549499512]
[39.1570930480957]
[3.3357467651367188]
[18.138307571411133]
[9.582021713256836]
[5.854635715484619]
[1.5582609176635742]
[5.915674209594727]
[3.4018261432647705]
[3.1677212715148926]
[7.5036234855651855]
[3.7176451683044434]
[6.3448309898376465]
[5.5825371742248535]
[0.18698640167713165]
[11.535469055175781]
[95.47412109375]
[9.091620445251465]
[93.03327178955078]
[8.077348709106445]
[1.3401697874069214]
[14.450979232788086]
[11.407245635986328]
[1.9776546955108643]
[0.051224447786808014]
[6.829376697540283]
[2.5184109210968018]
[4.026356220245361]
[29.030290603637695]
[6.387612342834473]
[81.06824493408203]
[38.280906677246094]
[0.42951542139053345]
[5.052378177642822]
[8.831838607788086]
[86.44019317626953]
[76.73929595947266]
[0.6580449938774109]
[2.5212247371673584]
[10.447683334350586]
[0.48060864210128784]
[94.21661376953125]
[125.8727035522461]
[6.476531505584717]
[0.44363152980804443]
[4.497063159942627]
[4.808362007141113]
[0.21992023289203644]
[3.8514156341552734]
[0.1757763922214508]
[3.0979926586151123]
[7.973781108856201]
[37.362728118896484]
[0.4897266626358032]
[9.451906204223633]
[0.22760185599327087]
[1.9648176431655884]
[0.31290438771247864]
[7.960290431976318]
[0.3239094913005829]
[52.738643646240234]
[4.358855724334717]
[6.119619369506836]
[1.6793904304504395]
[6.535433769226074]
[0.210585817694664]
[24.31096839904785]
[0.290510892868042]
[2.9311883449554443]
[123.69425964355469]
[26.8110294342041]
[0.2722725570201874]
[6.891733169555664]
[9.426108360290527]
[0.3829088509082794]
[327.4952087402344]
[0.2740646302700043]
[4.066837310791016]
[3.9707250595092773]
[25.964433670043945]
[6.2909064292907715]
[0.39064911007881165]
[1.3005374670028687]
[7.111234188079834]
[4.771718502044678]
[4.194774150848389]
[1.2570916414260864]
[13.226536750793457]
[8.380712509155273]
[0.8063328266143799]
[1.7532970905303955]
[81.17877960205078]
[0.8072111010551453]
[0.5483930706977844]
[0.34215807914733887]
[4.472242832183838]
[78.15425872802734]
[1.013413667678833]
[8.394569396972656]
[0.12383177131414413]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[16.244661331176758]
[9.561031341552734]
[6.266099452972412]
[3.0850090980529785]
[0.16462868452072144]
[1.79814875125885]
[0.3534563481807709]
[4.521617889404297]
[3.988030195236206]
[104.11773681640625]
[3.8318722248077393]
[0.8995168209075928]
[8.103097915649414]
[0.24895362555980682]
[15.021589279174805]
[36.26286315917969]
[1.8560699224472046]
[2.08717679977417]
[0.028690312057733536]
[2.9520764350891113]
[6.461236000061035]
[0.764289140701294]
[6.492292881011963]
[48.88691329956055]
[52.406246185302734]
[3.475452184677124]
[1.5987989902496338]
[2.410557746887207]
[4.0980095863342285]
[6.02513313293457]
[1.844760775566101]
[4.632345676422119]
[0.6342741250991821]
[5.242779731750488]
[9.738201141357422]
[2.5134737491607666]
[9.636377334594727]
[4.101689338684082]
[120.4267349243164]
[1.4612114429473877]
[1.6921806335449219]
[11.918152809143066]
[0.6109559535980225]
[2.161477565765381]
[10.05428409576416]
[0.12251224368810654]
[0.5111581683158875]
[88.81536865234375]
[0.7489671111106873]
[86.16075134277344]
[4.797211170196533]
[4.543546199798584]
[6.6023173332214355]
[0.3951995074748993]
[18.32695960998535]
[8.266109466552734]
[1.8306742906570435]
[0.7591915130615234]
[3.584500312805176]
[4.939361095428467]
[0.28319185972213745]
[7.44244384765625]
[7.177509784698486]
[0.22748197615146637]
[49.391605377197266]
[247.4146270751953]
[5.047536373138428]
[370.4831237792969]
[29.032958984375]
[4.591302871704102]
[24.544668197631836]
[0.1816532164812088]
[5.917121410369873]
[8.90123462677002]
[21.07642364501953]
[8.331624031066895]
[2.7406983375549316]
[3.2814981937408447]
[0.8403319716453552]
[2.631227493286133]
[7.059695243835449]
[4.509078502655029]
[0.7875373959541321]
[4.7889909744262695]
[0.8762460947036743]
[0.4902283549308777]
[5.043026924133301]
[154.97579956054688]
[192.55882263183594]
[0.7191982269287109]
[3.363665819168091]
[0.9134882092475891]
[0.9600361585617065]
[0.347427636384964]
[1.8619178533554077]
[10.779138565063477]
[0.3352295160293579]
[6.49113655090332]
[2.6431567668914795]
[0.3253101408481598]
[4.425607204437256]
[18.409832000732422]
[1.3348580598831177]
[81.50823974609375]
[0.4197452962398529]
[2.245981454849243]
[106.4965591430664]
[0.42139044404029846]
[3.679532051086426]
[7.7753777503967285]
[1.6945140361785889]
[4.702272891998291]
[101.0433578491211]
[2.9847018718719482]
[0.7317069172859192]
[2.235459327697754]
[27.241870880126953]
[6.390572547912598]
[40.4653434753418]
[0.7453648447990417]
[7.778170585632324]
[0.581360399723053]
[1.7557966709136963]
[12.88869857788086]
[4.013553142547607]
[94.06452941894531]
[0.8132072687149048]
[0.9696840047836304]
[1.8944456577301025]
[1.5209405422210693]
[9.784241676330566]
[103.2922134399414]
[2.3076109886169434]
[243.10763549804688]
[2.683037757873535]
[1.6356325149536133]
[2.8772459030151367]
[8.764444351196289]
[1.949608564376831]
[1.0959371328353882]
[83.43062591552734]
[6.7949419021606445]
[0.41262248158454895]
[3.4811129570007324]
[7.229350566864014]
[14.41024398803711]
[76.27955627441406]
[12.298345565795898]
[1.6690857410430908]
[5.883881092071533]
[94.51377868652344]
[0.3580361306667328]
[2.2397027015686035]
[7.331186294555664]
[4.505784511566162]
[4.32429838180542]
[0.41716864705085754]
[6.871017932891846]
[0.057975076138973236]
[7.537766933441162]
[6.0635294914245605]
[6.47042179107666]
[0.19962316751480103]
[8.660388946533203]
[96.32929992675781]
[2.1928718090057373]
[1.4886072874069214]
[2.922637701034546]
[1.6951570510864258]
[1.3194161653518677]
[13.859196662902832]
[3.8088033199310303]
[1.4088859558105469]
[4.288580417633057]
[5.81094217300415]
[5.430881500244141]
[0.867821455001831]
[1.438202977180481]
[0.45727241039276123]
[8.166831016540527]
[2.0917165279388428]
[4.945417881011963]
[0.2066730111837387]
[1.6149241924285889]
[0.5371994972229004]
[1.1602076292037964]
[12.942150115966797]
[0.13395382463932037]
[13.064486503601074]
[40.452510833740234]
[0.313956081867218]
[1.0387789011001587]
[13.741808891296387]
[0.16968084871768951]
[4.593451023101807]
[1.6544756889343262]
[120.18045806884766]
[78.95067596435547]
[0.9544204473495483]
[0.5724536776542664]
[0.47436463832855225]
[1.2299432754516602]
[2.6262435913085938]
[0.9607536792755127]
[2.343013048171997]
[5.5185465812683105]
[54.60700225830078]
[0.4208470582962036]
[59.32078552246094]
[4.248067378997803]
[1.0569372177124023]
[5.170074462890625]
[127.54850769042969]
[26.414358139038086]
[0.37801024317741394]
[1.4497170448303223]
[4.884221076965332]
[6.738717079162598]
[1.1596417427062988]
[1.8937770128250122]
[3.514838218688965]
[0.1336405873298645]
[0.24224719405174255]
[1.7980438470840454]
[26.60558319091797]
[5.015564918518066]
[2.6598448753356934]
[4.376026153564453]
[15.428569793701172]
[3.7597243785858154]
[2.9563095569610596]
[4.831539154052734]
[5.401286602020264]
[0.5909531116485596]
[4.413752555847168]
[0.06526613235473633]
[1.0174671411514282]
[3.2651281356811523]
[1.9721368551254272]
[1.0591464042663574]
[2.7750744819641113]
[3.1346545219421387]
[1.9672213792800903]
[0.14390559494495392]
[0.23217222094535828]
[1.9264122247695923]
[4.202997207641602]
[3.324488639831543]
[1.513588309288025]
[1.5260262489318848]
[0.6242811679840088]
[1.4753696918487549]
[0.4638541340827942]
[221.9138641357422]
[3.780893325805664]
[12.617291450500488]
[11.857152938842773]
[0.6571492552757263]
[753.7810668945312]
[2.121223211288452]
[0.3096235990524292]
[6.327706336975098]
[4.818037509918213]
[3.3622875213623047]
[6.144275665283203]
[4.14324951171875]
[1.6623555421829224]
[12.279775619506836]
[0.34732529520988464]
[9.155560493469238]
[87.50051879882812]
[1.2313686609268188]
[248.83621215820312]
[3.6326706409454346]
[3.3412821292877197]
[1.755630612373352]
[955.6343994140625]
[6.791347026824951]
[265.5706787109375]
[1.260697603225708]
[3.0293188095092773]
[6.613813400268555]
[1.854896903038025]
[17.896129608154297]
[15.163330078125]
[5.890222072601318]
[3.6921541690826416]
[7.368663787841797]
[30.44683074951172]
[2.1762349605560303]
[9.711570739746094]
[1.207004427909851]
[0.2242804765701294]
[6.036821365356445]
[1.108485460281372]
[24.094541549682617]
[9.398065567016602]
[40.31605911254883]
[15.063458442687988]
[4.128054141998291]
[276.72149658203125]
[4.4681596755981445]
[18.89021110534668]
[24.088699340820312]
[7.185666561126709]
[1.6547373533248901]
[0.664808452129364]
[0.6605143547058105]
[118.06985473632812]
[2.3050947189331055]
[17.93704605102539]
[0.3540360927581787]
[1.0889673233032227]
[16.552406311035156]
[89.54130554199219]
[1.0269346237182617]
[92.45441436767578]
[3.2532548904418945]
[11.48202133178711]
[6.799172878265381]
[2.001798629760742]
[6.349442005157471]
[6.0059027671813965]
[7.47892951965332]
[55.0819091796875]
[0.6845319271087646]
[13.290197372436523]
[8.791400909423828]
[0.2900879979133606]
[0.6510529518127441]
[1.2784092426300049]
[1.4572983980178833]
[362.5075378417969]
[0.655215322971344]
[2.5925991535186768]
[69.30696868896484]
[0.492477685213089]
[5.85709285736084]
[34.6976432800293]
[45.143802642822266]
[6.554642200469971]
[1.8866140842437744]
[14.95639419555664]
[84.50196075439453]
[325.5415954589844]
[3.1730542182922363]
[5.924551963806152]
[0.08546416461467743]
[87.29367065429688]
[6.676039218902588]
[0.8629840612411499]
[0.6759491562843323]
[14.943394660949707]
[0.3479529619216919]
[3.895768642425537]
[4.109686374664307]
[15.446454048156738]
[5.019290447235107]
[0.22134220600128174]
[11.768390655517578]
[11.312268257141113]
[6.216060638427734]
[0.9538170099258423]
[3.2933804988861084]
[4.1233811378479]
[0.9408324360847473]
[2.019425392150879]
[5.102412223815918]
[8.37621784210205]
[7.210203647613525]
[269.9462890625]
[0.4095972776412964]
[2.5986173152923584]
[0.6171797513961792]
[6.799256801605225]
[80.78679656982422]
[2.1857831478118896]
[1.4146666526794434]
[0.18654994666576385]
[1.8476049900054932]
[1.4028033018112183]
[6.927749156951904]
[5.602462291717529]
[8.267655372619629]
[0.4368685483932495]
[0.7986546158790588]
[2.8643686771392822]
[0.18991179764270782]
[0.570076048374176]
[3.6211888790130615]
[6.677425384521484]
[3.140925884246826]
[1.899431586265564]
[1.0134191513061523]
[129.87562561035156]
[0.27776896953582764]
[0.9698015451431274]
[0.7569007277488708]
[5.899862289428711]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.2236939668655396]
[0.4027143716812134]
[16.602933883666992]
[1.0480144023895264]
[4.894481658935547]
[3.316835880279541]
[3.50508451461792]
[3.463751792907715]
[1.621828317642212]
[2.1485185623168945]
[5.4059672355651855]
[118.0486831665039]
[3.0922045707702637]
[4.562227249145508]
[97.02057647705078]
[1.784932255744934]
[14.354353904724121]
[105.7490005493164]
[82.3880844116211]
[0.25088411569595337]
[0.14092539250850677]
[7.339291572570801]
[3.995426893234253]
[58.27718734741211]
[1.3991708755493164]
[6.854775905609131]
[1.056923270225525]
[0.13547447323799133]
[0.5464898943901062]
[355.1640319824219]
[0.4936201572418213]
[2.191200017929077]
[2.931502342224121]
[0.7918204665184021]
[15.031977653503418]
[8.274310111999512]
[3.9967801570892334]
[0.48601359128952026]
[0.3913540542125702]
[1.0459988117218018]
[0.349671870470047]
[7.874673366546631]
[9.129215240478516]
[12.621659278869629]
[0.49406853318214417]
[0.2763514220714569]
[0.4804016351699829]
[4.681427478790283]
[0.1180708035826683]
[11.854582786560059]
[6.826122283935547]
[1.4625264406204224]
[11.115584373474121]
[0.31013986468315125]
[1.3653041124343872]
[1.4814181327819824]
[12.531388282775879]
[2.4493367671966553]
[2.530951738357544]
[0.43659934401512146]
[11.293264389038086]
[96.33732604980469]
[25.334951400756836]
[0.6537238955497742]
[72.49858856201172]
[12.5822172164917]
[15.527854919433594]
[0.16744261980056763]
[0.721364438533783]
[4.138121604919434]
[192.52120971679688]
[33.450748443603516]
[8.000898361206055]
[8.329127311706543]
[0.5552448034286499]
[2.97316312789917]
[5.521634578704834]
[6.177759170532227]
[3.179394245147705]
[67.25100708007812]
[0.6433397531509399]
[4.998875141143799]
[4.710764408111572]
[37.339515686035156]
[232.51722717285156]
[7.044472694396973]
[12.668150901794434]
[1.5411288738250732]
[3.6702399253845215]
[84.65819549560547]
[2.1453793048858643]
[6.1588134765625]
[0.38071227073669434]
[4.029885292053223]
[3.3565268516540527]
[7.106634140014648]
[7.526112079620361]
[2.275805711746216]
[1.0163389444351196]
[0.18122228980064392]
[2.3127593994140625]
[7.739344596862793]
[0.9541639089584351]
[0.10309300571680069]
[2.447575807571411]
[2.44201922416687]
[22.588821411132812]
[2.4290647506713867]
[21.208568572998047]
[3.1241071224212646]
[0.9786765575408936]
[2.753192663192749]
[0.475762277841568]
[2.617838144302368]
[0.8177536725997925]
[1.7114132642745972]
[3.973592519760132]
[3.1589248180389404]
[3.555372953414917]
[0.6215571761131287]
[83.6601333618164]
[3.2793500423431396]
[0.3740602731704712]
[117.36823272705078]
[4.9999237060546875]
[0.8037245273590088]
[3.216737985610962]
[1.745627999305725]
[1.5429236888885498]
[2.0710723400115967]
[0.42744964361190796]
[0.9614660739898682]
[2.8580267429351807]
[3.757650136947632]
[0.29707011580467224]
[2.873833417892456]
[1.9283326864242554]
[0.7845773100852966]
[166.82119750976562]
[1.7548412084579468]
[1.006725788116455]
[108.77622985839844]
[1.136290192604065]
[2.0104269981384277]
[4.9046735763549805]
[0.6463252305984497]
[15.11694049835205]
[0.5019402503967285]
[167.04241943359375]
[0.8025389313697815]
[4.388692855834961]
[2.3757405281066895]
[379.0837097167969]
[7.167648792266846]
[0.3135051429271698]
[0.6372501254081726]
[19.074121475219727]
[4.0576605796813965]
[2.1984899044036865]
[0.6913840770721436]
[2.548799514770508]
[4.408830165863037]
[10.621267318725586]
[5.87640380859375]
[117.05416107177734]
[3.654905319213867]
[3.5658557415008545]
[1.298744559288025]
[0.14302583038806915]
[4.278168201446533]
[130.35662841796875]
[0.43755486607551575]
[0.3557141125202179]
[9.796459197998047]
[0.43493229150772095]
[85.29426574707031]
[6.904045581817627]
[2.3212616443634033]
[6.583236217498779]
[83.00711822509766]
[0.25320252776145935]
[4.207296371459961]
[157.24522399902344]
[2.888343095779419]
[6.841101169586182]
[3.9779348373413086]
[69.94071960449219]
[0.2302791029214859]
[0.6034039855003357]
[2.6505136489868164]
[7.552801609039307]
[1.255774974822998]
[6.202371120452881]
[2.2818186283111572]
[50.884647369384766]
[6.658755302429199]
[3.211440086364746]
[7.4999823570251465]
[5.938869476318359]
[233.1682586669922]
[267.6556701660156]
[3.2932708263397217]
[1.487860918045044]
[5.287676811218262]
[7.98935079574585]
[0.308353990316391]
[7.364828586578369]
[4.561375617980957]
[4.1236186027526855]
[1.039829969406128]
[3.9630985260009766]
[0.5766141414642334]
[1.8378338813781738]
[7.154331684112549]
[3.7783806324005127]
[4.299536228179932]
[0.4272090792655945]
[5.983922958374023]
[5.8923139572143555]
[2.6968517303466797]
[0.2914140522480011]
[2.176778793334961]
[114.43659973144531]
[0.4155484139919281]
[57.896324157714844]
[10.741805076599121]
[45.122962951660156]
[1.5032196044921875]
[2.9833099842071533]
[0.3642508387565613]
[0.6089483499526978]
[83.34169006347656]
[3.2721054553985596]
[3.011451005935669]
[1.5754963159561157]
[14.414134979248047]
[5.263050556182861]
[3.6393723487854004]
[6.618599891662598]
[4.502374649047852]
[6.152622699737549]
[79.71376037597656]
[0.2501615881919861]
[1.8957961797714233]
[1.9705016613006592]
[4.734523773193359]
[3.467064142227173]
[1.0604630708694458]
[19.305519104003906]
[4.0553202629089355]
[0.12417049705982208]
[2.9844141006469727]
[1.806455373764038]
[2.200486660003662]
[2.404923439025879]
[5.667971134185791]
[1.8543516397476196]
[3.7956573963165283]
[0.6246126890182495]
[2.235372543334961]
[0.4385654032230377]
[109.90676879882812]
[64.11827850341797]
[1.2476850748062134]
[3.0231103897094727]
[3.61247181892395]
[2.336850166320801]
[2.396333932876587]
[0.2028099000453949]
[0.11185707151889801]
[0.4681554138660431]
[25.995813369750977]
[9.261822700500488]
[4.737245082855225]
[2.457418203353882]
[1.099930763244629]
[1.6936798095703125]
[219.5583953857422]
[25.606525421142578]
[1.783180832862854]
[291.4712829589844]
[96.60575103759766]
[6.079913139343262]
[0.6923103332519531]
[3.6515450477600098]
[7.069049835205078]
[2.600820302963257]
[0.8785498738288879]
[3.491901159286499]
[1.7431085109710693]
[0.6608802676200867]
[7.3163065910339355]
[118.2383041381836]
[59.12742614746094]
[99.92491149902344]
[8.232586860656738]
[9.624504089355469]
[0.5483222007751465]
[7.05755615234375]
[0.6583181023597717]
[4.329204082489014]
[0.3762838840484619]
[11.793464660644531]
[32.1025276184082]
[1.326988935470581]
[7.729294300079346]
[11.787741661071777]
[2.377838373184204]
[3.5237505435943604]
[90.22527313232422]
[1.4333151578903198]
[11.355805397033691]
[4.8998260498046875]
[111.07913970947266]
[5.600839614868164]
[0.6901729702949524]
[0.3104793429374695]
[84.36962127685547]
[0.2749898135662079]
[0.5649508833885193]
[6.320004463195801]
[3.5346975326538086]
[1.5754896402359009]
[6.504342555999756]
[0.6611356139183044]
[1.792081594467163]
[3.6291656494140625]
[8.826805114746094]
[3.1172149181365967]
[129.13113403320312]
[6.397252082824707]
[2.472349166870117]
[0.4606199264526367]
[5.200189113616943]
[1.4818800687789917]
[1.6055270433425903]
[8.11120319366455]
[5.9184250831604]
[10.424986839294434]
[3.6445443630218506]
[222.24679565429688]
[13.486052513122559]
[6.370587348937988]
[2.239591598510742]
[278.2798767089844]
[1.7795332670211792]
[2.1540040969848633]
[8.510009765625]
[0.972067654132843]
[0.15692360699176788]
[10.36933708190918]
[0.32580897212028503]
[6.667455673217773]
[96.307861328125]
[4.307122230529785]
[85.59210205078125]
[61.430503845214844]
[3.953462600708008]
[14.83987808227539]
[7.039702892303467]
[246.26162719726562]
[1.2962018251419067]
[0.7953258752822876]
[0.57567298412323]
[1.4221285581588745]
[3.3174009323120117]
[0.9142542481422424]
[4.479321479797363]
[1.348494529724121]
[6.372087478637695]
[7.662603378295898]
[9.757781982421875]
[3.7734246253967285]
[5.402751922607422]
[1.4884151220321655]
[0.6768169403076172]
[1.0487778186798096]
[6.738671779632568]
[6.0940728187561035]
[4.589831352233887]
[4.25863790512085]
[3.9202568531036377]
[0.269185870885849]
[2.3592777252197266]
[1.8191113471984863]
[5.318453788757324]
[0.4715709984302521]
[27.740976333618164]
[2.373493194580078]
[1.7484829425811768]
[0.5969513058662415]
[0.6785542964935303]
[3.3618645668029785]
[3.744110345840454]
[50.898860931396484]
[3.4042282104492188]
[2.012324094772339]
[1.3611100912094116]
[0.404366672039032]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.4283860921859741]
[108.89037322998047]
[2.024486780166626]
[2.464334726333618]
[1.3096197843551636]
[5.8877644538879395]
[0.4579779803752899]
[123.18177795410156]
[5.7146148681640625]
[0.29207843542099]
[1.9537261724472046]
[1.6015663146972656]
[0.6509791016578674]
[11.717694282531738]
[2.745161771774292]
[7.157150745391846]
[9.768096923828125]
[0.3647947311401367]
[183.4204864501953]
[3.0360476970672607]
[3.0954887866973877]
[0.3532794117927551]
[0.583254873752594]
[0.59012770652771]
[20.6328067779541]
[71.18000030517578]
[1.9527114629745483]
[3.029207468032837]
[11.607098579406738]
[1.517574667930603]
[1.2177923917770386]
[3.2186450958251953]
[6.016077041625977]
[0.4384104907512665]
[131.96807861328125]
[111.34268188476562]
[5.939976215362549]
[18.624832153320312]
[143.1851806640625]
[4.907144546508789]
[5.26158332824707]
[299.206298828125]
[1.0798006057739258]
[1.9549237489700317]
[4.548198223114014]
[10.128661155700684]
[6.236051559448242]
[0.9192050099372864]
[62.873775482177734]
[1.392126441001892]
[0.8028202056884766]
[0.36951783299446106]
[0.454479455947876]
[0.5636518001556396]
[18.921491622924805]
[1.3682315349578857]
[103.67401123046875]
[5.425567626953125]
[3.873950719833374]
[2.5043129920959473]
[310.11102294921875]
[1.5461639165878296]
[2.2979657649993896]
[4.70466947555542]
[0.6389400362968445]
[0.2711613178253174]
[15.030353546142578]
[0.20260091125965118]
[563.3384399414062]
[3.6719536781311035]
[2.5253889560699463]
[90.65406036376953]
[0.5007889866828918]
[0.9174903631210327]
[0.6283624172210693]
[4.7403883934021]
[110.88807678222656]
[2.374852180480957]
[9.57177734375]
[5.237061977386475]
[0.2597949504852295]
[10.448086738586426]
[3.6748666763305664]
[184.13348388671875]
[3.1849756240844727]
[7.876904487609863]
[0.44980621337890625]
[136.60325622558594]
[10.24458122253418]
[1.2444359064102173]
[7.238668918609619]
[0.5708857774734497]
[7.0565290451049805]
[21.522974014282227]
[2.114382266998291]
[1.0819510221481323]
[0.6131182909011841]
[7.542457103729248]
[474.0450744628906]
[14.386811256408691]
[5.66732931137085]
[10.401409149169922]
[6.538198471069336]
[10.401267051696777]
[3.0143120288848877]
[0.6908909678459167]
[179.5028533935547]
[14.825922012329102]
[10.737462043762207]
[7.835218906402588]
[3.5093743801116943]
[1.4239805936813354]
[5.828753471374512]
[4.913043022155762]
[8.356281280517578]
[17.595020294189453]
[5.933927536010742]
[9.187531471252441]
[133.39854431152344]
[3.29428768157959]
[110.84180450439453]
[0.6055901050567627]
[5.173182487487793]
[14.821451187133789]
[2.9678566455841064]
[1.0436991453170776]
[8.488421440124512]
[16.68988037109375]
[10.301200866699219]
[21.35382843017578]
[2.2257328033447266]
[10.623818397521973]
[6.052576065063477]
[1.4707027673721313]
[2.0265955924987793]
[242.1229248046875]
[14.18090534210205]
[4.309248447418213]
[17.312349319458008]
[1.934787392616272]
[5.558444023132324]
[107.77510070800781]
[9.123783111572266]
[18.540956497192383]
[5.885761737823486]
[10.684737205505371]
[3.0679712295532227]
[4.3608527183532715]
[0.3788757622241974]
[0.6843991875648499]
[1.614485740661621]
[5.023046493530273]
[2.371861219406128]
[2.0783486366271973]
[0.881996214389801]
[6.345533847808838]
[14.123038291931152]
[18.335966110229492]
[32.85774612426758]
[79.73240661621094]
[8.625049591064453]
[5.201500415802002]
[1.411653995513916]
[4.5770087242126465]
[1.9112025499343872]
[2.2488579750061035]
[6.205319881439209]
[13.561251640319824]
[1.106422781944275]
[0.5113369226455688]
[0.671793520450592]
[115.32677459716797]
[82.44503021240234]
[80.21437072753906]
[3.3081891536712646]
[4.5078558921813965]
[1.3853460550308228]
[5.2022294998168945]
[20.95946502685547]
[2.7376253604888916]
[0.588998556137085]
[1.051782488822937]
[2.435380697250366]
[3.4799818992614746]
[4.085351943969727]
[1.2784942388534546]
[4.167032241821289]
[0.49981269240379333]
[2.9743926525115967]
[6.133296012878418]
[15.387803077697754]
[0.8100981116294861]
[5.382988452911377]
[1.231696605682373]
[3.218284845352173]
[4.731094837188721]
[41.558990478515625]
[2.6108973026275635]
[9.565864562988281]
[5.179500579833984]
[15.957300186157227]
[10.330108642578125]
[1.8742554187774658]
[2.4808082580566406]
[4.331811428070068]
[0.8980318307876587]
[1.6931898593902588]
[0.4307858645915985]
[145.74050903320312]
[1.89300537109375]
[0.5767164826393127]
[2.8398404121398926]
[1.0315476655960083]
[12.0847806930542]
[0.38765618205070496]
[42.1250114440918]
[0.9882453083992004]
[2.2302699089050293]
[82.20738220214844]
[5.892675876617432]
[3.013546943664551]
[2.346550226211548]
[2.3647289276123047]
[22.0925235748291]
[7.1230010986328125]
[1.3856682777404785]
[4.7936859130859375]
[5.074567794799805]
[3.5884454250335693]
[24.322065353393555]
[0.9648042917251587]
[12.801856994628906]
[8.903379440307617]
[13.501102447509766]
[5.252985954284668]
[6.607969284057617]
[1.9762076139450073]
[7.165278911590576]
[0.6565794944763184]
[512.4900512695312]
[3.6173672676086426]
[1.4707245826721191]
[0.5804376006126404]
[2.4772815704345703]
[0.3491145074367523]
[0.6258254051208496]
[2.2725226879119873]
[26.532114028930664]
[6.61407470703125]
[5.169801712036133]
[4.345789432525635]
[4.218632698059082]
[4.725644111633301]
[69.34988403320312]
[6.507910251617432]
[11.165613174438477]
[106.9385757446289]
[7.275805473327637]
[0.6503533720970154]
[0.5294300317764282]
[3.727635145187378]
[160.85113525390625]
[1.5843602418899536]
[116.36795043945312]
[0.7992174625396729]
[0.28649094700813293]
[73.93244171142578]
[2.9160187244415283]
[1.7499624490737915]
[6.6479291915893555]
[1.042392373085022]
[70.59207153320312]
[41.9576301574707]
[106.05004119873047]
[3.2183175086975098]
[11.081999778747559]
[323.396240234375]
[6.890787124633789]
[3.653411865234375]
[0.1886126846075058]
[6.800361156463623]
[3.3955795764923096]
[95.68553924560547]
[11.283211708068848]
[6.707794189453125]
[3.3788716793060303]
[2.9945719242095947]
[6.619588851928711]
[3.427471399307251]
[5.810542583465576]
[1.0169426202774048]
[5.423818588256836]
[0.8841295838356018]
[4.397327423095703]
[2.0602540969848633]
[1.7790168523788452]
[2.7126517295837402]
[3.8187499046325684]
[2.400480270385742]
[2.470066785812378]
[9.134642601013184]
[4.061052322387695]
[0.4870024621486664]
[4.290884017944336]
[1.8308340311050415]
[14.0321044921875]
[0.9891908764839172]
[14.613114356994629]
[3.725625991821289]
[6.681436061859131]
[268.4385070800781]
[2.1448395252227783]
[3.0735385417938232]
[1.9741898775100708]
[8.329202651977539]
[0.4760054647922516]
[0.4460074305534363]
[365.04937744140625]
[27.892560958862305]
[4.362329483032227]
[3.4582574367523193]
[6.118618011474609]
[1.0888961553573608]
[5.02757453918457]
[127.90143585205078]
[0.21640321612358093]
[0.30460086464881897]
[55.546836853027344]
[3.117619276046753]
[4.171041965484619]
[78.31549072265625]
[3.8613903522491455]
[5.63442325592041]
[1.4606070518493652]
[97.4150390625]
[41.365970611572266]
[7.198797225952148]
[3.0414035320281982]
[15.386762619018555]
[0.40230467915534973]
[115.37487030029297]
[0.5005214214324951]
[8.176502227783203]
[2.9754037857055664]
[3.6654088497161865]
[0.4483135938644409]
[4.7272047996521]
[17.55040740966797]
[0.4283432364463806]
[0.8334479331970215]
[7.483739852905273]
[0.2908453047275543]
[6.6494574546813965]
[1.3285740613937378]
[1.5624737739562988]
[1.8717467784881592]
[5.465024948120117]
[6.203300952911377]
[132.9949188232422]
[2.452805519104004]
[1.7083171606063843]
[5.70184326171875]
[81.7116928100586]
[1.1606388092041016]
[6.387538433074951]
[7.573148727416992]
[0.4694105386734009]
[78.5098876953125]
[4.099635124206543]
[6.562321662902832]
[2.48402738571167]
[37.30677795410156]
[147.76480102539062]
[0.34300026297569275]
[4.962653636932373]
[2.7221176624298096]
[2.7076330184936523]
[76.17532348632812]
[250.95509338378906]
[0.25308677554130554]
[2.6408252716064453]
[3.891030788421631]
[1.3704229593276978]
[97.99861145019531]
[2.1535260677337646]
[8.97771167755127]
[3.520591974258423]
[0.3420506715774536]
[3.638787269592285]
[2.4540162086486816]
[21.227582931518555]
[2.986354112625122]
[17.089942932128906]
[8.9022855758667]
[1.4857513904571533]
[17.5771484375]
[8.510110855102539]
[236.46485900878906]
[3.112145185470581]
[95.08663940429688]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.1506853103637695]
[1.9960747957229614]
[0.7973908185958862]
[2.4252021312713623]
[119.76290893554688]
[3.7828595638275146]
[5.072615146636963]
[5.332709789276123]
[9.170550346374512]
[69.72247314453125]
[2.84475040435791]
[2.915637731552124]
[14.400318145751953]
[1.6476540565490723]
[13.409708023071289]
[0.5960453748703003]
[4.540991306304932]
[0.2823581397533417]
[3.711509943008423]
[86.27906036376953]
[0.38617026805877686]
[2.998767137527466]
[1.441370964050293]
[8.4813871383667]
[5.361328125]
[3.884993553161621]
[5.219210147857666]
[6.588253974914551]
[6.61366081237793]
[0.7021304965019226]
[3.9016377925872803]
[6.349189281463623]
[153.504150390625]
[2.3969435691833496]
[1.4598777294158936]
[3.6742942333221436]
[0.37484854459762573]
[0.4072178602218628]
[2.292983293533325]
[0.30507931113243103]
[3.9541444778442383]
[5.066967964172363]
[21.869768142700195]
[0.6169940233230591]
[153.1848602294922]
[2.5427751541137695]
[3.7525277137756348]
[3.500903844833374]
[3.291774034500122]
[4.246949672698975]
[1.6930410861968994]
[0.16692829132080078]
[0.22008016705513]
[4.948241233825684]
[8.149657249450684]
[7.181936740875244]
[0.12949824333190918]
[11.263099670410156]
[203.42160034179688]
[10.292784690856934]
[4.108684539794922]
[0.36991581320762634]
[3.0266647338867188]
[0.1412118375301361]
[1.7272824048995972]
[0.5177962183952332]
[0.24659499526023865]
[5.968074798583984]
[2.2829504013061523]
[3.3197619915008545]
[10.58437728881836]
[3.927025079727173]
[60.79520034790039]
[2.448643207550049]
[0.3110659718513489]
[0.46627506613731384]
[2.5147697925567627]
[1.2976906299591064]
[2.788516044616699]
[1.6155720949172974]
[4.289937496185303]
[2.876863718032837]
[96.2500228881836]
[85.79452514648438]
[0.39090895652770996]
[1.469103217124939]
[119.85588073730469]
[0.15577468276023865]
[0.65610671043396]
[2.6015021800994873]
[2.117292881011963]
[786.4304809570312]
[1.0914608240127563]
[94.77294158935547]
[0.8647663593292236]
[0.46316587924957275]
[10.965407371520996]
[5.396148681640625]
[0.2606521546840668]
[2.8093531131744385]
[3.618997812271118]
[4.70216703414917]
[2.027330160140991]
[3.77203369140625]
[1.0755555629730225]
[1.3383160829544067]
[104.50350952148438]
[1.4105185270309448]
[0.48121747374534607]
[6.6330766677856445]
[16.253074645996094]
[11.448412895202637]
[83.07748413085938]
[12.484240531921387]
[0.8505955338478088]
[1.1119273900985718]
[87.1491470336914]
[0.27401870489120483]
[2.5825090408325195]
[4.872748851776123]
[11.730916976928711]
[3.77152156829834]
[1.777679443359375]
[1.5367354154586792]
[5.44251823425293]
[111.13256072998047]
[71.08596801757812]
[13.373337745666504]
[7.589694976806641]
[11.523581504821777]
[823.3859252929688]
[7.294153213500977]
[0.8986251950263977]
[120.13407135009766]
[5.647146701812744]
[8.261632919311523]
[4.034017086029053]
[13.574816703796387]
[4.463039398193359]
[6.085489273071289]
[9.432358741760254]
[16.767847061157227]
[8.399303436279297]
[54.1972541809082]
[15.672133445739746]
[91.41499328613281]
[24.00277328491211]
[23.9022216796875]
[11.372686386108398]
[2.9105210304260254]
[5.785881519317627]
[19.688634872436523]
[3.939131736755371]
[5.939295768737793]
[16.8123779296875]
[14.944427490234375]
[1.7401312589645386]
[0.9011589884757996]
[0.9359718561172485]
[5.401294708251953]
[3.0845630168914795]
[3.7705745697021484]
[8.59622859954834]
[6.112851142883301]
[84.75204467773438]
[3.026214599609375]
[194.67750549316406]
[0.9310697913169861]
[2.485502004623413]
[4.127450942993164]
[3.336794853210449]
[0.795058012008667]
[7.507376194000244]
[0.611760139465332]
[0.7396190762519836]
[230.61009216308594]
[6.7026143074035645]
[0.8815947771072388]
[2.4344100952148438]
[0.4578548073768616]
[4.397665023803711]
[5.735006809234619]
[0.36342811584472656]
[2.5234780311584473]
[1.661450982093811]
[133.23348999023438]
[110.21746063232422]
[0.22714301943778992]
[3.167677879333496]
[35.82878875732422]
[2.2555503845214844]
[0.4604061245918274]
[4.179474830627441]
[3.4338717460632324]
[3.057889699935913]
[3.708383083343506]
[8.045536041259766]
[1.929635763168335]
[5.0649213790893555]
[4.9780988693237305]
[5.131254196166992]
[2.537081241607666]
[3.384129285812378]
[4.4601521492004395]
[0.1520897001028061]
[58.45265197753906]
[5.502192974090576]
[7.00801944732666]
[2.2418859004974365]
[6.287395477294922]
[6.013696670532227]
[292.5262451171875]
[1.7305456399917603]
[0.36531174182891846]
[3.2294745445251465]
[2.1108810901641846]
[14.528251647949219]
[70.77937316894531]
[95.90345001220703]
[2.338146924972534]
[5.33220100402832]
[1.535974144935608]
[0.8707656860351562]
[0.7008549571037292]
[3.071352243423462]
[0.6523706912994385]
[7.802616119384766]
[39.23697280883789]
[3.169501304626465]
[0.12696759402751923]
[4.044696807861328]
[0.7931485772132874]
[3.7221004962921143]
[10.17541217803955]
[5.189878940582275]
[2.688258647918701]
[4.37332820892334]
[1.4796762466430664]
[1.315131425857544]
[3.8919198513031006]
[0.14545372128486633]
[61.05398941040039]
[0.18105246126651764]
[8.896256446838379]
[88.17961883544922]
[126.80886840820312]
[2.1762518882751465]
[137.47483825683594]
[0.39956581592559814]
[182.5150146484375]
[6.7936553955078125]
[0.41295498609542847]
[2.7382073402404785]
[1.2846773862838745]
[0.6707512140274048]
[0.5532572269439697]
[15.13461685180664]
[0.9660412669181824]
[0.10352420806884766]
[8.761876106262207]
[388.23760986328125]
[2.0464015007019043]
[8.932957649230957]
[2.287846326828003]
[6.405264377593994]
[0.7519122958183289]
[257.7489013671875]
[8.5928373336792]
[99.93002319335938]
[6.435566425323486]
[2.395547866821289]
[3.1409552097320557]
[31.87722396850586]
[7.9288482666015625]
[6.300682544708252]
[0.5300064086914062]
[53.35525894165039]
[1.2859398126602173]
[6.171384811401367]
[0.8003950715065002]
[2.6509032249450684]
[2.053182601928711]
[0.33763840794563293]
[70.3922348022461]
[1.2051160335540771]
[1.3722440004348755]
[4.820808410644531]
[0.4934270977973938]
[1.7427334785461426]
[2.599087715148926]
[0.7906679511070251]
[2.300851821899414]
[3.0199310779571533]
[5.471658706665039]
[80.88139343261719]
[4.887033462524414]
[6.975142955780029]
[0.43572792410850525]
[8.05701732635498]
[10.062207221984863]
[6.6437177658081055]
[0.5054861307144165]
[3.5436365604400635]
[2.9071881771087646]
[1.5844258069992065]
[2.638775587081909]
[6.412470817565918]
[2.5775058269500732]
[93.6711196899414]
[4.061639308929443]
[0.13677376508712769]
[3.3120923042297363]
[6.449770450592041]
[3.2914977073669434]
[71.13304138183594]
[0.3031993806362152]
[59.27006530761719]
[1.1679824590682983]
[4.227658271789551]
[1.1273940801620483]
[6.247437000274658]
[70.9710922241211]
[0.33734145760536194]
[4.046489715576172]
[107.42996215820312]
[6.469984531402588]
[0.23369073867797852]
[3.424873113632202]
[1.9834483861923218]
[4.878235340118408]
[0.47109946608543396]
[1.710486650466919]
[4.560915946960449]
[3.025341749191284]
[2.395141363143921]
[4.504077911376953]
[2.3166232109069824]
[304.38092041015625]
[5.229875564575195]
[2.1815619468688965]
[2.929400682449341]
[16.809925079345703]
[16.993574142456055]
[9.67137336730957]
[3.256052255630493]
[0.2536247968673706]
[4.826857566833496]
[1.03135347366333]
[5.752465724945068]
[1.827041506767273]
[4.467739105224609]
[4.361240863800049]
[229.48269653320312]
[21.987775802612305]
[7.084494590759277]
[9.915938377380371]
[0.3988499939441681]
[165.17153930664062]
[1.1463401317596436]
[3.5844647884368896]
[12.962355613708496]
[1.442721962928772]
[15.318753242492676]
[51.98036575317383]
[10.105242729187012]
[1.1048760414123535]
[115.24539184570312]
[2.8794608116149902]
[13.149460792541504]
[1.9620994329452515]
[10.087515830993652]
[7.392784595489502]
[7.120817184448242]
[29.768268585205078]
[7.3227033615112305]
[3.7684404850006104]
[3.195369005203247]
[9.360279083251953]
[1.9846844673156738]
[2.9853851795196533]
[0.35866329073905945]
[7.231357574462891]
[155.3363494873047]
[2.500593662261963]
[88.36266326904297]
[0.55521160364151]
[84.49899291992188]
[2.904998540878296]
[1.498185396194458]
[5.890603065490723]
[0.30850762128829956]
[233.34841918945312]
[92.39439392089844]
[4.986050605773926]
[3.926769495010376]
[148.60122680664062]
[0.4325334131717682]
[12.769796371459961]
[2.873060941696167]
[1.2671856880187988]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.2364797592163086]
[9.970842361450195]
[3.702587366104126]
[4.3916497230529785]
[1.163183569908142]
[2.798555850982666]
[2.9782602787017822]
[2.297595262527466]
[112.24082946777344]
[0.8729301691055298]
[10.96997356414795]
[1.5030332803726196]
[2.566756248474121]
[9.1350736618042]
[1.893364429473877]
[1.0609979629516602]
[0.5058056116104126]
[4.01646089553833]
[2.746877431869507]
[0.32364070415496826]
[4.9524006843566895]
[3.0016133785247803]
[2.42505145072937]
[105.90364074707031]
[0.8251395225524902]
[0.26722991466522217]
[2.222769260406494]
[0.3940050005912781]
[0.24780039489269257]
[84.0344467163086]
[0.28005877137184143]
[10.753636360168457]
[173.26504516601562]
[3.078421115875244]
[0.45764219760894775]
[5.739107131958008]
[128.88827514648438]
[1.8376057147979736]
[0.5030185580253601]
[127.89986419677734]
[1.8051822185516357]
[0.5379257202148438]
[1.8522120714187622]
[0.2567846179008484]
[2.222621202468872]
[3.6469335556030273]
[104.97039794921875]
[203.7968292236328]
[1.992713212966919]
[1.0103343725204468]
[670.8033447265625]
[2.188894748687744]
[1.7680000066757202]
[1.9916787147521973]
[2.536191940307617]
[10.633971214294434]
[4.110622406005859]
[4.557075023651123]
[3.5683648586273193]
[1.5394343137741089]
[3.7115731239318848]
[9.071673393249512]
[8.882309913635254]
[21.717971801757812]
[4.112423896789551]
[92.8410873413086]
[1.07149338722229]
[0.20345444977283478]
[1.2988487482070923]
[4.03883171081543]
[7.664217472076416]
[5.262828826904297]
[62.11598587036133]
[2.36860728263855]
[6.677732467651367]
[1.7148624658584595]
[11.674712181091309]
[3.485592842102051]
[2.5625226497650146]
[6.260629653930664]
[3.2612242698669434]
[3.7871315479278564]
[1.7985202074050903]
[1.8407717943191528]
[0.7321722507476807]
[15.753958702087402]
[0.7907007336616516]
[7.433412075042725]
[1.4110267162322998]
[0.529747724533081]
[3.7453203201293945]
[1.3534928560256958]
[8.840378761291504]
[5.915197372436523]
[85.90119934082031]
[1.4060299396514893]
[5.297834873199463]
[2.453958034515381]
[2.3795950412750244]
[8.240421295166016]
[2.4068870544433594]
[55.125946044921875]
[8.993830680847168]
[39.78749465942383]
[0.3082530200481415]
[9.590328216552734]
[97.07930755615234]
[0.20888139307498932]
[0.26058828830718994]
[79.66670227050781]
[1.6630005836486816]
[101.27263641357422]
[1.1307988166809082]
[3.3476791381835938]
[0.52341228723526]
[0.43201693892478943]
[1.3385515213012695]
[2.0466561317443848]
[7.335697174072266]
[0.23370683193206787]
[10.137009620666504]
[218.54629516601562]
[1.165121078491211]
[0.9446070194244385]
[4.703329086303711]
[3.096569299697876]
[83.26726531982422]
[3.8636474609375]
[0.9002547264099121]
[11.664911270141602]
[126.80017852783203]
[4.525917053222656]
[9.816242218017578]
[9.355931282043457]
[0.4488581418991089]
[7.2844061851501465]
[0.5178860425949097]
[0.4960336685180664]
[0.28495681285858154]
[3.324197292327881]
[0.2921348810195923]
[72.69894409179688]
[84.46942138671875]
[2.992724657058716]
[3.26435923576355]
[2.7759487628936768]
[0.421098530292511]
[0.45477837324142456]
[29.197858810424805]
[5.585684776306152]
[3.5741147994995117]
[77.10839080810547]
[0.22410720586776733]
[3.7604775428771973]
[0.531372606754303]
[0.3932969570159912]
[0.7626004219055176]
[0.5008196830749512]
[1.1675546169281006]
[2.9837632179260254]
[297.4796142578125]
[0.6124811768531799]
[2.6057729721069336]
[5.4491353034973145]
[17.353689193725586]
[3.0205538272857666]
[4.244113922119141]
[7.223236083984375]
[877.1500244140625]
[1.861141562461853]
[117.09698486328125]
[119.222900390625]
[77.71696472167969]
[98.42570495605469]
[10.42106819152832]
[2.771562099456787]
[5.2583327293396]
[70.7530746459961]
[7.324769973754883]
[1.9465681314468384]
[0.48294639587402344]
[1.4347528219223022]
[6.858033657073975]
[18.37409019470215]
[15.450141906738281]
[114.3626937866211]
[0.3726753294467926]
[15.635634422302246]
[134.54322814941406]
[2.9013357162475586]
[4.403603553771973]
[0.6410521864891052]
[237.9805145263672]
[4.291074275970459]
[0.5614921450614929]
[79.60604095458984]
[15.698569297790527]
[3.036263942718506]
[10.981949806213379]
[5.438478469848633]
[13.139191627502441]
[6.676724433898926]
[5.208271503448486]
[143.6674041748047]
[4.861670017242432]
[209.20542907714844]
[0.8243444561958313]
[10.059976577758789]
[0.22213858366012573]
[0.6320375800132751]
[0.9973390698432922]
[108.69489288330078]
[31.679414749145508]
[4.759976387023926]
[7.932308197021484]
[0.3026520907878876]
[3.0206143856048584]
[5.319388389587402]
[0.8164519667625427]
[7.120599269866943]
[7.727453708648682]
[0.559587299823761]
[2.1591460704803467]
[103.61518859863281]
[2.964958906173706]
[1.0310918092727661]
[7.492997646331787]
[7.798049449920654]
[81.22606658935547]
[136.75450134277344]
[292.40509033203125]
[5.166776180267334]
[0.4302200973033905]
[3.6916959285736084]
[2.5061278343200684]
[7.0546417236328125]
[7.793423652648926]
[7.601663589477539]
[1.5630627870559692]
[0.18525633215904236]
[1.7734216451644897]
[21.2853946685791]
[1.0001577138900757]
[4.741442680358887]
[1.3545247316360474]
[116.17013549804688]
[10.423954963684082]
[7.907155990600586]
[98.32707977294922]
[0.2499510794878006]
[107.86168670654297]
[5.259641170501709]
[0.5129305124282837]
[3.2053966522216797]
[81.02001953125]
[0.18273966014385223]
[0.29145053029060364]
[3.2287847995758057]
[3.542020559310913]
[1.6343939304351807]
[8.252983093261719]
[0.19662725925445557]
[1.3897606134414673]
[4.699071884155273]
[4.75771951675415]
[5.8405985832214355]
[50.2799186706543]
[65.99142456054688]
[5.986143112182617]
[6.652027130126953]
[0.28393059968948364]
[2.529648780822754]
[0.26338961720466614]
[2.984020471572876]
[4.95032262802124]
[1.3195853233337402]
[0.29352885484695435]
[1.5737063884735107]
[138.4114227294922]
[2.1855063438415527]
[6.606752872467041]
[5.573466777801514]
[28.261024475097656]
[0.2951168417930603]
[0.980898916721344]
[2.599148750305176]
[114.16426086425781]
[4.684577941894531]
[7.5235981941223145]
[5.359584331512451]
[10.215463638305664]
[59.390995025634766]
[2.6789886951446533]
[6.469130039215088]
[101.2346420288086]
[28.819625854492188]
[0.3327915072441101]
[4.770412445068359]
[1.4077128171920776]
[9.019352912902832]
[0.31968119740486145]
[2.2697298526763916]
[4.2198405265808105]
[9.183798789978027]
[77.16671752929688]
[0.7686271071434021]
[17.7972469329834]
[5.622352123260498]
[3.962704658508301]
[0.13000601530075073]
[0.2213294357061386]
[62.692081451416016]
[2.2838470935821533]
[3.5260379314422607]
[8.056541442871094]
[3.8058512210845947]
[9.882473945617676]
[0.8143224120140076]
[13.413840293884277]
[2.394906997680664]
[3.8380298614501953]
[0.14428375661373138]
[19.71910285949707]
[0.3637349307537079]
[1.581742525100708]
[0.3261522948741913]
[0.3449840843677521]
[2.604532480239868]
[0.23127208650112152]
[0.5688895583152771]
[0.30397021770477295]
[190.3963623046875]
[1.6989260911941528]
[11.972049713134766]
[0.238296777009964]
[0.5437779426574707]
[0.38549861311912537]
[7.066373825073242]
[73.6312026977539]
[73.66622924804688]
[7.987699508666992]
[134.79737854003906]
[80.40750122070312]
[1.4146569967269897]
[0.3988886773586273]
[7.058994293212891]
[0.30881842970848083]
[9.175662994384766]
[1.5678191184997559]
[5.641069412231445]
[0.3488698899745941]
[0.38821738958358765]
[5.750815391540527]
[3.4459333419799805]
[2.9229438304901123]
[0.19144141674041748]
[7.173442363739014]
[0.142544224858284]
[12.478741645812988]
[2.5538206100463867]
[4.666097640991211]
[0.9835682511329651]
[5.524559497833252]
[10.979727745056152]
[0.4620574116706848]
[0.23284898698329926]
[0.23989886045455933]
[2.139289617538452]
[18.74595832824707]
[189.1935577392578]
[84.82278442382812]
[0.18209190666675568]
[14.944414138793945]
[8.24158000946045]
[23.02088165283203]
[0.5426334142684937]
[0.6436623334884644]
[0.13230502605438232]
[0.48501700162887573]
[3.3490140438079834]
[3.7256531715393066]
[83.57683563232422]
[0.31024205684661865]
[4.366936683654785]
[6.440170764923096]
[1.088340163230896]
[0.7853333950042725]
[3.335087537765503]
[0.7501747608184814]
[3.541750907897949]
[90.33914947509766]
[69.41989135742188]
[0.7145311236381531]
[3.0398201942443848]
[281.6664123535156]
[0.549315869808197]
[0.7745014429092407]
[0.11454956978559494]
[3.492279291152954]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.1106247901916504]
[4.769155502319336]
[4.090941429138184]
[0.35863009095191956]
[0.340270459651947]
[11.88418197631836]
[10.228503227233887]
[2.6507015228271484]
[11.580318450927734]
[9.203309059143066]
[3.712977886199951]
[1.0496606826782227]
[9.416838645935059]
[3.4681038856506348]
[36.75764083862305]
[62.78444290161133]
[14.487936973571777]
[13.2343111038208]
[3.4873692989349365]
[10.087442398071289]
[119.46463775634766]
[0.9860287308692932]
[6.654377460479736]
[0.7182508111000061]
[252.0912322998047]
[0.3879409432411194]
[3.9559431076049805]
[10.3866605758667]
[7.673346042633057]
[1.3141729831695557]
[8.340960502624512]
[1.0141665935516357]
[1.9987319707870483]
[0.4963301122188568]
[12.027422904968262]
[0.432499498128891]
[0.31796029210090637]
[70.57041931152344]
[0.21905463933944702]
[7.215299129486084]
[1.109023928642273]
[0.8040459156036377]
[6.471826076507568]
[1.559159278869629]
[3.0275912284851074]
[0.38742363452911377]
[0.3087693452835083]
[9.583108901977539]
[78.55171203613281]
[7.131567478179932]
[113.78850555419922]
[0.2504607141017914]
[2.3711915016174316]
[2.0635766983032227]
[0.39835625886917114]
[0.15022222697734833]
[310.5186462402344]
[3.4697017669677734]
[1.6370186805725098]
[0.5181341767311096]
[5.788679599761963]
[7.970797061920166]
[2.804602861404419]
[465.8358459472656]
[0.3086487948894501]
[4.6350297927856445]
[103.34033203125]
[98.45512390136719]
[0.5797374248504639]
[4.373164653778076]
[0.325795978307724]
[0.7609121203422546]
[3.0152056217193604]
[1.62795090675354]
[106.5656967163086]
[3.2385616302490234]
[0.3318670690059662]
[23.21627426147461]
[19.60944366455078]
[195.85650634765625]
[7.819721221923828]
[0.8541324138641357]
[12.77563190460205]
[8.727094650268555]
[249.69468688964844]
[2.687349319458008]
[12.331043243408203]
[4.300233364105225]
[2.3839163780212402]
[154.1400909423828]
[257.9575500488281]
[0.26229628920555115]
[18.10334014892578]
[2.9279937744140625]
[44.9092903137207]
[1.2438631057739258]
[1.3905218839645386]
[16.871326446533203]
[53.53995132446289]
[81.62930297851562]
[2.3654699325561523]
[12.559032440185547]
[1.9018893241882324]
[16.452621459960938]
[0.5379864573478699]
[66.25543212890625]
[16.508115768432617]
[1.1439564228057861]
[13.51169204711914]
[7.265914440155029]
[16.230731964111328]
[14.477277755737305]
[0.7493057250976562]
[10.767492294311523]
[5.946293830871582]
[1.485854983329773]
[97.98574829101562]
[2.743864059448242]
[3.7804088592529297]
[121.20394897460938]
[0.705148458480835]
[3.517860174179077]
[220.89044189453125]
[6.827557563781738]
[0.3976101577281952]
[15.8303804397583]
[7.0213518142700195]
[8.028989791870117]
[23.014345169067383]
[1.313873291015625]
[191.9551239013672]
[0.5687997937202454]
[3.025686264038086]
[24.26709747314453]
[1.2479064464569092]
[0.3798874318599701]
[6.861116409301758]
[72.7772445678711]
[5.459071636199951]
[1.2392710447311401]
[12.4429292678833]
[0.7986899018287659]
[1.1569604873657227]
[5.1840901374816895]
[0.7491604685783386]
[0.1517232358455658]
[0.24435386061668396]
[0.9182119965553284]
[0.4070722162723541]
[10.911674499511719]
[5.110437393188477]
[0.1342685967683792]
[6.472202777862549]
[0.2364550530910492]
[0.45316582918167114]
[7.410149097442627]
[925.5001831054688]
[5.108342170715332]
[9.235607147216797]
[661.9140014648438]
[0.6455988883972168]
[1.486146092414856]
[0.5607255697250366]
[0.45730865001678467]
[6.1987714767456055]
[0.9243679642677307]
[13.597451210021973]
[552.9813232421875]
[84.70135498046875]
[8.589227676391602]
[5.863407135009766]
[0.2878815829753876]
[0.5342846512794495]
[10.748108863830566]
[8.423379898071289]
[289.481689453125]
[13.573395729064941]
[1.3733066320419312]
[5.310744762420654]
[6.156091690063477]
[14.084626197814941]
[209.64285278320312]
[11.280771255493164]
[16.515056610107422]
[0.4574732184410095]
[12.153515815734863]
[6.651155948638916]
[6.456950664520264]
[0.4518309533596039]
[3.0048763751983643]
[14.013718605041504]
[203.59962463378906]
[11.235176086425781]
[4.894662857055664]
[16.060091018676758]
[1.3497061729431152]
[8.753069877624512]
[16.345073699951172]
[2.7409653663635254]
[4.0521392822265625]
[0.3614473044872284]
[23.100004196166992]
[8.347796440124512]
[1.1400283575057983]
[28.92652130126953]
[10.195959091186523]
[5.193790912628174]
[39.81144714355469]
[6.6538801193237305]
[1.2706576585769653]
[3.485229730606079]
[5.2916340827941895]
[60.570552825927734]
[3.6135056018829346]
[0.2966378331184387]
[5.247065544128418]
[128.2283935546875]
[6.68813943862915]
[20.336584091186523]
[0.5159000158309937]
[174.7036590576172]
[15.328176498413086]
[7.800107955932617]
[3.149104118347168]
[5.564099311828613]
[10.887792587280273]
[2.9356908798217773]
[10.417391777038574]
[6.161445140838623]
[53.8949089050293]
[2.485877275466919]
[86.70811462402344]
[0.44519996643066406]
[9.404912948608398]
[0.4150797724723816]
[2.839562177658081]
[0.26733237504959106]
[3.2104012966156006]
[6.074174880981445]
[2.562915325164795]
[9.06762981414795]
[81.06951904296875]
[17.73101234436035]
[8.939177513122559]
[193.2351531982422]
[4.979396343231201]
[0.6707503795623779]
[4.071301460266113]
[77.2520523071289]
[1.911370873451233]
[1.606148362159729]
[18.57695960998535]
[8.932007789611816]
[0.38677042722702026]
[0.3133445978164673]
[0.9908092617988586]
[5.720324516296387]
[3.9037368297576904]
[0.9159159660339355]
[3.262296199798584]
[0.833411693572998]
[9.6442232131958]
[5.057172775268555]
[32.79868698120117]
[0.4592474102973938]
[0.17485371232032776]
[1.4063918590545654]
[2.096940517425537]
[4.871585845947266]
[2.0276553630828857]
[0.270066499710083]
[72.95722961425781]
[10.426721572875977]
[6.628348350524902]
[4.053768157958984]
[3.0254735946655273]
[4.73129940032959]
[2.4164235591888428]
[4.083212375640869]
[2.3537473678588867]
[0.19970817863941193]
[8.52109146118164]
[5.088556289672852]
[0.051119036972522736]
[5.848804950714111]
[0.7055841088294983]
[0.44773146510124207]
[11.338915824890137]
[8.007798194885254]
[92.01618957519531]
[4.704055309295654]
[4.418474197387695]
[1.2469829320907593]
[2.3235950469970703]
[4.792939186096191]
[0.09460688382387161]
[5.007379531860352]
[0.16387367248535156]
[2.085038661956787]
[3.758739948272705]
[2.6930553913116455]
[19.588708877563477]
[3.7382636070251465]
[4.977020740509033]
[632.1632080078125]
[3.517549514770508]
[5.909511566162109]
[6.363020420074463]
[0.9583271741867065]
[3.652829885482788]
[8.842618942260742]
[8.238110542297363]
[28.920215606689453]
[6.642524242401123]
[28.456636428833008]
[3.538331985473633]
[1.2158786058425903]
[0.16619083285331726]
[20.86420249938965]
[3.451835870742798]
[2.8269083499908447]
[28.42279815673828]
[3.179352045059204]
[1.902623176574707]
[2.1260945796966553]
[10.204985618591309]
[133.0395050048828]
[6.515611171722412]
[788.2540893554688]
[3.3571698665618896]
[8.092926025390625]
[127.39224243164062]
[2.749269962310791]
[7.022133827209473]
[211.84132385253906]
[2.968625783920288]
[26.88909149169922]
[0.7361342906951904]
[1.8141742944717407]
[19.67266845703125]
[7.864987850189209]
[139.1567840576172]
[6.135202407836914]
[13.543169975280762]
[0.248708114027977]
[23.44989013671875]
[6.985723972320557]
[3.083414316177368]
[8.793240547180176]
[2.078512668609619]
[0.944763720035553]
[6.2132673263549805]
[0.5478106737136841]
[8.731680870056152]
[7.089849948883057]
[6.181981086730957]
[5.265352249145508]
[1.0061813592910767]
[14.621009826660156]
[0.5566552877426147]
[0.967197060585022]
[1.3322958946228027]
[1.5471779108047485]
[2.2992746829986572]
[10.995450019836426]
[0.12595289945602417]
[1.6396598815917969]
[285.94976806640625]
[67.88044738769531]
[1.3473238945007324]
[0.25456684827804565]
[1.6169188022613525]
[0.2685354948043823]
[4.303707122802734]
[1.952449083328247]
[0.4049054980278015]
[2.5344057083129883]
[1.5127180814743042]
[124.40885925292969]
[0.3685340881347656]
[5.430924892425537]
[3.0007781982421875]
[1.7350918054580688]
[2.5031163692474365]
[6.430206298828125]
[0.35755306482315063]
[247.41648864746094]
[113.03948974609375]
[9.579044342041016]
[0.44638878107070923]
[1.3799721002578735]
[0.4233194589614868]
[7.216078281402588]
[0.9474342465400696]
[2.9654269218444824]
[1.231833815574646]
[2.576289415359497]
[8.76830768585205]
[1.4728487730026245]
[0.437630832195282]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[85.37945556640625]
[4.37326192855835]
[6.12312126159668]
[0.7730938792228699]
[6.412655830383301]
[0.6136491894721985]
[5.085022449493408]
[2.255169630050659]
[2.864809989929199]
[3.3954858779907227]
[0.2795982360839844]
[2.893709659576416]
[6.166865825653076]
[1.8586187362670898]
[3.9288785457611084]
[6.110534191131592]
[4.463196754455566]
[3.0316314697265625]
[41.702362060546875]
[4.721818923950195]
[3.8679685592651367]
[122.03572082519531]
[17.557111740112305]
[11.697576522827148]
[1.8635568618774414]
[1.368187427520752]
[2.803421974182129]
[103.47598266601562]
[1.7858071327209473]
[2.3078203201293945]
[4.015467166900635]
[6.915377140045166]
[87.47932434082031]
[1.6842471361160278]
[0.2934216260910034]
[2.138601303100586]
[1.3445038795471191]
[4.608356475830078]
[4.940843105316162]
[0.14261090755462646]
[195.00697326660156]
[189.69732666015625]
[26.5042724609375]
[8.452789306640625]
[98.00223541259766]
[0.2978696823120117]
[0.41866475343704224]
[0.2831166386604309]
[237.20565795898438]
[0.7457756996154785]
[167.96795654296875]
[0.21269875764846802]
[3.108325481414795]
[0.9405549764633179]
[2.3165769577026367]
[80.49169158935547]
[6.328543186187744]
[3.2363152503967285]
[2.3331003189086914]
[332.2312927246094]
[4.467294692993164]
[6.6687331199646]
[2.536896228790283]
[1.3144127130508423]
[11.464893341064453]
[1.9053841829299927]
[3.1162662506103516]
[4.780625820159912]
[0.5394985675811768]
[1.7508039474487305]
[0.8106887340545654]
[1.5869338512420654]
[0.19654306769371033]
[83.61457824707031]
[147.92520141601562]
[0.39104628562927246]
[0.18197748064994812]
[0.5702128410339355]
[86.7656021118164]
[5.1698455810546875]
[133.22747802734375]
[106.16957092285156]
[12.218707084655762]
[11.130762100219727]
[0.5089433193206787]
[12.851312637329102]
[3.450587749481201]
[0.6961694955825806]
[7.624439239501953]
[1.978688359260559]
[66.7931900024414]
[1.1889376640319824]
[1.467247724533081]
[9.127776145935059]
[0.7198870182037354]
[1.825046181678772]
[14.620494842529297]
[86.72795867919922]
[106.20259094238281]
[10.756263732910156]
[13.823592185974121]
[7.402378082275391]
[0.4709659814834595]
[0.29050111770629883]
[4.298781394958496]
[101.23168182373047]
[75.80717468261719]
[17.200218200683594]
[1.451741337776184]
[6.76174259185791]
[0.42176175117492676]
[0.23748160898685455]
[5.477468967437744]
[1.0310002565383911]
[4.909708499908447]
[1.8905977010726929]
[90.94014739990234]
[0.718537449836731]
[2.132530927658081]
[0.23278161883354187]
[1.4063100814819336]
[2.436969518661499]
[3.9614508152008057]
[3.8278894424438477]
[6.088557720184326]
[1.255798101425171]
[4.162215709686279]
[0.6322692632675171]
[8.882943153381348]
[100.71662902832031]
[6.4005818367004395]
[36.74992370605469]
[5.914468765258789]
[0.39182689785957336]
[1.9971281290054321]
[8.281686782836914]
[3.5589678287506104]
[12.625699043273926]
[128.92120361328125]
[9.265832901000977]
[2.4741129875183105]
[58.70722579956055]
[0.9611570239067078]
[4.273366451263428]
[4.678542613983154]
[3.9028842449188232]
[0.6417539715766907]
[277.9795837402344]
[1.5835288763046265]
[3.1508572101593018]
[5.464152812957764]
[4.6992506980896]
[0.8238394856452942]
[4.237005710601807]
[0.7479138970375061]
[0.9278779625892639]
[0.7662159204483032]
[0.8648828268051147]
[0.9396149516105652]
[1.8152823448181152]
[84.85700988769531]
[0.47881829738616943]
[4.049259185791016]
[4.769452095031738]
[7.652878284454346]
[78.28404998779297]
[1.4073797464370728]
[2.3510916233062744]
[0.4657849073410034]
[122.41231536865234]
[3.976099967956543]
[1.8581794500350952]
[7.048398494720459]
[0.5853312611579895]
[171.00137329101562]
[8.972925186157227]
[95.5900650024414]
[18.827449798583984]
[0.14665158092975616]
[1.7858260869979858]
[0.49646151065826416]
[2.3739173412323]
[242.88983154296875]
[5.986917495727539]
[6.2010931968688965]
[2.060818672180176]
[3.2604763507843018]
[2.4739432334899902]
[6.621701717376709]
[66.74040222167969]
[2.7058310508728027]
[22.312223434448242]
[0.18106582760810852]
[6.418057441711426]
[2.9797637462615967]
[173.08351135253906]
[6.271362781524658]
[4.7956318855285645]
[0.5609219074249268]
[3.646217107772827]
[6.404826641082764]
[0.26108378171920776]
[2.402219533920288]
[3.5543007850646973]
[301.8628845214844]
[1.6836541891098022]
[0.7832271456718445]
[3.0624589920043945]
[1.4652681350708008]
[17.98744773864746]
[46.6676025390625]
[0.3895646035671234]
[1.0691137313842773]
[1.8238416910171509]
[0.9604530930519104]
[0.9180050492286682]
[2.535271644592285]
[0.6067572832107544]
[1.873349666595459]
[6.896989345550537]
[9.060676574707031]
[3.544435977935791]
[2.575565814971924]
[15.542633056640625]
[1.5738226175308228]
[3.330418586730957]
[4.2618303298950195]
[0.391124427318573]
[3.9289801120758057]
[0.2875911593437195]
[2.466933488845825]
[149.4783935546875]
[282.28485107421875]
[3.0986340045928955]
[0.9866577982902527]
[2.379756212234497]
[4.648964881896973]
[0.6540862321853638]
[0.4476906657218933]
[2.6027841567993164]
[63.109214782714844]
[0.5420158505439758]
[0.9560735821723938]
[0.49839335680007935]
[0.7517691254615784]
[0.31134849786758423]
[7.998613357543945]
[0.6182889342308044]
[1.6521891355514526]
[1.6633856296539307]
[3.5039193630218506]
[134.13687133789062]
[0.3156900107860565]
[0.5961834788322449]
[0.3197459578514099]
[7.547216892242432]
[4.3248209953308105]
[5.582440376281738]
[0.8858886957168579]
[0.8831901550292969]
[8.165822982788086]
[9.868393898010254]
[2.591977834701538]
[0.4394117593765259]
[7.0905585289001465]
[4.4817891120910645]
[378.4560241699219]
[0.9408715963363647]
[94.17139434814453]
[120.42630767822266]
[1.4527512788772583]
[29.51205062866211]
[5.924100399017334]
[26.597087860107422]
[5.558338642120361]
[3.2245981693267822]
[3.8656837940216064]
[432.1466369628906]
[115.61614227294922]
[4.352716445922852]
[6.006601333618164]
[2.7696242332458496]
[24.585613250732422]
[0.557275652885437]
[79.83624267578125]
[6.794400691986084]
[3.138338327407837]
[83.16846466064453]
[5.7932305335998535]
[1.5369274616241455]
[10.986172676086426]
[1.4798226356506348]
[10.547907829284668]
[3.289748430252075]
[10.541465759277344]
[88.0713119506836]
[2.204202651977539]
[0.6496636271476746]
[2.8046681880950928]
[7.4856390953063965]
[0.5315228700637817]
[3.980656147003174]
[0.5442019104957581]
[3.095656394958496]
[18.845726013183594]
[80.66325378417969]
[84.34162902832031]
[4.184528350830078]
[66.27661895751953]
[0.7408899068832397]
[0.4405943751335144]
[0.4296030104160309]
[33.229923248291016]
[9.789976119995117]
[70.52178955078125]
[8.391674995422363]
[4.0985636711120605]
[1.2722891569137573]
[7.233541488647461]
[7.808353900909424]
[7.088935375213623]
[0.09748730063438416]
[9.603214263916016]
[0.6606418490409851]
[7.110665321350098]
[15.374053001403809]
[0.37277916073799133]
[0.34752732515335083]
[1.2955975532531738]
[2.133450746536255]
[1.2600659132003784]
[5.305023670196533]
[1.0672385692596436]
[4.222121715545654]
[2.015197515487671]
[13.15511703491211]
[17.74159049987793]
[0.8819514513015747]
[316.1419372558594]
[1.3490806818008423]
[3.7880051136016846]
[3.3687446117401123]
[0.8751392364501953]
[0.8631812930107117]
[85.86909484863281]
[3.1634459495544434]
[0.5064031481742859]
[6.567310810089111]
[0.5366843938827515]
[74.51737213134766]
[0.5372190475463867]
[118.55137634277344]
[4.804715156555176]
[0.7229964733123779]
[1.3580251932144165]
[4.1423726081848145]
[5.153986930847168]
[3.8777499198913574]
[12.979266166687012]
[5.5840229988098145]
[15.911715507507324]
[14.715618133544922]
[11.44860553741455]
[3.204263925552368]
[127.48278045654297]
[1.5796972513198853]
[2.1900248527526855]
[132.01206970214844]
[3.1604397296905518]
[3.068899631500244]
[0.39585956931114197]
[3.172401189804077]
[14.193564414978027]
[0.3262615501880646]
[9.277480125427246]
[5.881504058837891]
[0.4495251774787903]
[1.776461124420166]
[3.52607798576355]
[9.938385963439941]
[1.8654370307922363]
[2.659416913986206]
[11.034049987792969]
[16.650476455688477]
[2.2002947330474854]
[10.058414459228516]
[3.1465442180633545]
[3.011221408843994]
[4.0302815437316895]
[21.457786560058594]
[0.29438021779060364]
[4.575921058654785]
[0.8841279745101929]
[0.5176265239715576]
[0.42604851722717285]
[6.167933940887451]
[1.226698637008667]
[1.2971336841583252]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.8317065238952637]
[4.028344631195068]
[4.607710361480713]
[0.19146737456321716]
[65.75868225097656]
[0.33364689350128174]
[0.6906203627586365]
[272.7408752441406]
[0.969465970993042]
[0.3349645733833313]
[4.997744083404541]
[377.8175048828125]
[2.292166233062744]
[4.241542816162109]
[1.823981523513794]
[6.291868209838867]
[5.121944427490234]
[2.4355831146240234]
[1.8801156282424927]
[9.024818420410156]
[17.508991241455078]
[25.729459762573242]
[3.2423179149627686]
[247.21014404296875]
[9.158590316772461]
[6.4269700050354]
[111.92143249511719]
[6.017299175262451]
[119.67577362060547]
[0.5494072437286377]
[2.3514859676361084]
[14.173839569091797]
[0.7922006845474243]
[0.3988417685031891]
[2.3651914596557617]
[1.7251008749008179]
[0.5890924334526062]
[5.312216758728027]
[2.5395233631134033]
[5.247823715209961]
[196.041015625]
[6.958868026733398]
[4.326660633087158]
[8.29350471496582]
[112.01132202148438]
[111.09325408935547]
[1.5696990489959717]
[8.953775405883789]
[2.6287643909454346]
[7.511000156402588]
[0.44427722692489624]
[2.1991443634033203]
[159.84173583984375]
[2.6658153533935547]
[0.38339537382125854]
[1.8309736251831055]
[2.4451394081115723]
[4.348115921020508]
[2.875765323638916]
[0.2724139988422394]
[4.531203746795654]
[0.45728543400764465]
[7.102014541625977]
[1.8996117115020752]
[1.456631064414978]
[7.600786209106445]
[306.5454406738281]
[2.0421597957611084]
[2.2206227779388428]
[3.4318835735321045]
[380.5069580078125]
[2.5510506629943848]
[1.2549411058425903]
[2.3560657501220703]
[96.25220489501953]
[98.63705444335938]
[4.625734329223633]
[2.9103732109069824]
[1.7785801887512207]
[3.1254611015319824]
[0.5795204639434814]
[621.2860717773438]
[7.126290798187256]
[0.5912331938743591]
[76.5361099243164]
[239.18048095703125]
[1.4395109415054321]
[4.002688884735107]
[5.956660270690918]
[10.216041564941406]
[0.2912994623184204]
[2.7136406898498535]
[72.0579833984375]
[3.3666980266571045]
[8.890896797180176]
[1.0123051404953003]
[4.150140762329102]
[129.11602783203125]
[11.87476921081543]
[2.666107177734375]
[0.9446917176246643]
[8.177135467529297]
[1.896693468093872]
[146.82701110839844]
[157.8303680419922]
[1.3178497552871704]
[0.9105303883552551]
[2.304641008377075]
[2.5827372074127197]
[0.9194304943084717]
[3.572772741317749]
[9.626212120056152]
[0.6817179918289185]
[6.967884540557861]
[4.870400428771973]
[7.061110973358154]
[8.971957206726074]
[55.057830810546875]
[71.52759552001953]
[0.8259341716766357]
[0.14405596256256104]
[0.19450700283050537]
[0.28747907280921936]
[1.5257312059402466]
[0.2871803343296051]
[0.4114709198474884]
[0.3715285062789917]
[8.622078895568848]
[0.5611410737037659]
[230.07838439941406]
[0.8816699981689453]
[87.67388916015625]
[41.91627883911133]
[2.5901873111724854]
[1.149134874343872]
[8.746709823608398]
[4.894390106201172]
[2.2091293334960938]
[0.272053986787796]
[0.9568050503730774]
[1.748823642730713]
[0.883939802646637]
[69.66687774658203]
[7.26540994644165]
[61.899600982666016]
[0.5713869333267212]
[5.352624416351318]
[27.92147445678711]
[0.17635898292064667]
[0.10564538836479187]
[4.973174571990967]
[2.21761155128479]
[0.4258393347263336]
[1.1099400520324707]
[6.791411876678467]
[9.163015365600586]
[5.092526435852051]
[0.27324050664901733]
[1.1488431692123413]
[0.4810352325439453]
[3.225736379623413]
[6.730954170227051]
[0.443757027387619]
[0.43807452917099]
[2.2317607402801514]
[0.1847451776266098]
[2.571526527404785]
[0.667643666267395]
[1.4089713096618652]
[18.11637306213379]
[0.3656264543533325]
[178.8605499267578]
[24.691844940185547]
[0.3647267818450928]
[7.299004077911377]
[38.21721267700195]
[0.2255384773015976]
[0.6685783267021179]
[0.29982060194015503]
[236.4799346923828]
[1.7726222276687622]
[1.9847898483276367]
[1.110730767250061]
[6.336913585662842]
[0.5249735116958618]
[2.819869041442871]
[10.496359825134277]
[6.6523518562316895]
[19.313264846801758]
[0.5104711055755615]
[6.434051513671875]
[2.969860315322876]
[9.811144828796387]
[117.0218734741211]
[6.217528820037842]
[13.48277473449707]
[1.3483561277389526]
[0.2304978370666504]
[99.14424896240234]
[5.834260940551758]
[14.420506477355957]
[6.193970203399658]
[2.564746141433716]
[8.671194076538086]
[0.9731267690658569]
[14.591322898864746]
[0.5528792142868042]
[7.954789638519287]
[2.212465286254883]
[0.6072272658348083]
[1.583309531211853]
[115.31114196777344]
[0.9810336828231812]
[0.3002883791923523]
[3.7987465858459473]
[1.208482027053833]
[4.540961265563965]
[0.1962924599647522]
[113.16278076171875]
[24.811548233032227]
[1.5189470052719116]
[0.2771940529346466]
[4.016709804534912]
[0.3320450186729431]
[0.41341009736061096]
[30.76263999938965]
[7.600763320922852]
[9.278861999511719]
[6.8210225105285645]
[119.66077423095703]
[20.210966110229492]
[0.39746421575546265]
[0.2983107268810272]
[5.041593074798584]
[1.2142192125320435]
[136.3074188232422]
[3.956773042678833]
[1.83785080909729]
[1.302160382270813]
[6.854071140289307]
[6.364084243774414]
[0.9956547617912292]
[66.81001281738281]
[23.37247085571289]
[145.95059204101562]
[7.7678446769714355]
[0.6570675373077393]
[0.8960198760032654]
[0.27042481303215027]
[5.622604846954346]
[6.551406383514404]
[0.9521156549453735]
[6.066949844360352]
[23.683061599731445]
[1.3666777610778809]
[0.8717395067214966]
[123.39299011230469]
[11.304810523986816]
[128.9038543701172]
[0.49915650486946106]
[2.073141574859619]
[0.17834535241127014]
[3.9337430000305176]
[0.4828130602836609]
[3.2507190704345703]
[10.53539752960205]
[1.3363325595855713]
[2.317272424697876]
[90.99740600585938]
[112.91747283935547]
[17.34546661376953]
[1.757830023765564]
[281.6977844238281]
[5.761041641235352]
[0.6105303168296814]
[1.3654452562332153]
[79.10641479492188]
[11.215407371520996]
[2.705050468444824]
[11.904541969299316]
[2.1158287525177]
[198.40847778320312]
[2.6086461544036865]
[3.635903835296631]
[1.2809922695159912]
[5.782171249389648]
[5.123912811279297]
[5.129451274871826]
[0.8032940626144409]
[4.689901828765869]
[190.49867248535156]
[4.233272552490234]
[0.26622870564460754]
[8.837164878845215]
[2.6293134689331055]
[6.1666178703308105]
[20.686294555664062]
[6.451642990112305]
[1.0564614534378052]
[7.401256561279297]
[0.6500093340873718]
[0.36219722032546997]
[7.73953914642334]
[26.76642608642578]
[1.777628779411316]
[7.177063465118408]
[1.0456994771957397]
[2.347438335418701]
[7.085030555725098]
[3.978666067123413]
[10.434854507446289]
[0.37219101190567017]
[4.0499796867370605]
[11.614648818969727]
[1.1655694246292114]
[0.18995611369609833]
[0.3310644030570984]
[0.4615289568901062]
[0.5327794551849365]
[0.7111007571220398]
[4.3381781578063965]
[0.731299877166748]
[0.8335301280021667]
[0.42253783345222473]
[1.9484381675720215]
[0.8634872436523438]
[6.63032341003418]
[2.1435906887054443]
[1.6997926235198975]
[9.175142288208008]
[5.211793422698975]
[3.0422306060791016]
[0.8627916574478149]
[2.1905667781829834]
[2.5906670093536377]
[86.6657485961914]
[0.9720091223716736]
[0.7148435711860657]
[2.3418118953704834]
[153.8506317138672]
[1.7931262254714966]
[1.8609020709991455]
[1.4822022914886475]
[1.3392524719238281]
[78.78498840332031]
[1.0549854040145874]
[2.036001205444336]
[0.20041432976722717]
[2.945152997970581]
[8.126842498779297]
[1.6144124269485474]
[125.79590606689453]
[0.253366619348526]
[3.066110134124756]
[6.060064315795898]
[109.7621841430664]
[1.844618558883667]
[20.41779136657715]
[1.2585952281951904]
[61.134403228759766]
[4.143815517425537]
[0.21498027443885803]
[27.15838050842285]
[0.3005962073802948]
[6.866604804992676]
[1.319227933883667]
[18.053354263305664]
[0.20196282863616943]
[0.621377170085907]
[1.7787196636199951]
[0.6989209055900574]
[79.86550903320312]
[0.8164190053939819]
[4.23471212387085]
[3.0097768306732178]
[0.1086096316576004]
[4.913537979125977]
[0.690677285194397]
[624.1094360351562]
[5.828057289123535]
[1.3184162378311157]
[1.7567083835601807]
[3.309967279434204]
[2.8107335567474365]
[85.25701141357422]
[12.118810653686523]
[13.539366722106934]
[3.8186516761779785]
[3.9827256202697754]
[96.71879577636719]
[1.624029278755188]
[7.301607608795166]
[10.312568664550781]
[6.479102611541748]
[8.72743034362793]
[15.032905578613281]
[0.40270301699638367]
[6.923697471618652]
[105.01055908203125]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.34252968430519104]
[0.34664326906204224]
[6.648866176605225]
[6.419546604156494]
[29.7847843170166]
[10.282794952392578]
[83.94269561767578]
[3.45893931388855]
[2.519111394882202]
[6.913565635681152]
[0.4999902844429016]
[4.631430625915527]
[2.660759210586548]
[5.1984686851501465]
[1.323767066001892]
[99.1568832397461]
[1.2212826013565063]
[8.805773735046387]
[6.7915358543396]
[16.54606056213379]
[22.56332015991211]
[5.885161876678467]
[7.367408275604248]
[2.7872281074523926]
[0.40051230788230896]
[3.237664222717285]
[2.216174364089966]
[281.8494873046875]
[1.5491255521774292]
[0.1602870225906372]
[0.5014480352401733]
[7.285670757293701]
[1.5153650045394897]
[4.301736354827881]
[26.760730743408203]
[3.323105573654175]
[2.877939462661743]
[6.405590057373047]
[5.839249134063721]
[1.4072563648223877]
[10.501372337341309]
[6.829397201538086]
[4.330404758453369]
[0.7539986371994019]
[0.1867857724428177]
[0.45277729630470276]
[0.16055835783481598]
[6.432973861694336]
[0.30020177364349365]
[0.5255895256996155]
[5.1308393478393555]
[0.9358064532279968]
[129.76280212402344]
[0.33251094818115234]
[1.3147413730621338]
[5.205145359039307]
[0.7771279811859131]
[2.9841885566711426]
[140.37640380859375]
[3.633319616317749]
[1.4108847379684448]
[38.14680099487305]
[3.0461392402648926]
[0.5866633057594299]
[1.3575972318649292]
[0.21599511802196503]
[1.3686249256134033]
[0.8270431756973267]
[223.03248596191406]
[0.5467771887779236]
[0.2062152624130249]
[1.6607263088226318]
[2.3873398303985596]
[0.11650993674993515]
[6.572263240814209]
[0.1091366708278656]
[1.902573585510254]
[10.57866096496582]
[0.38673561811447144]
[4.601731300354004]
[1.0007683038711548]
[76.75224304199219]
[0.15013891458511353]
[3.983954668045044]
[2.2418198585510254]
[5.755051136016846]
[3.80722713470459]
[0.09413831681013107]
[0.23903560638427734]
[0.13929326832294464]
[0.25501397252082825]
[1.8286316394805908]
[8.232553482055664]
[4.945272445678711]
[7.075775623321533]
[7.4583821296691895]
[0.9363079071044922]
[2.614603042602539]
[5.425829887390137]
[11.1547212600708]
[7.099642753601074]
[1.9605512619018555]
[0.135070338845253]
[295.5168151855469]
[0.6466067433357239]
[4.731982231140137]
[3.297908067703247]
[1.45062255859375]
[5.258319854736328]
[2.7362537384033203]
[7.132071018218994]
[1.9627505540847778]
[82.78557586669922]
[2.1334071159362793]
[2.17117977142334]
[3.3238484859466553]
[283.5487976074219]
[12.700030326843262]
[2.115070104598999]
[3.0954842567443848]
[105.37394714355469]
[8.526662826538086]
[7.7285542488098145]
[0.7708251476287842]
[2.1859445571899414]
[0.9499198198318481]
[0.8077134490013123]
[3.622332811355591]
[22.62285804748535]
[2.9762582778930664]
[2.587343692779541]
[7.145305156707764]
[2.7890212535858154]
[7.128625869750977]
[7.668762683868408]
[3.380087375640869]
[0.8518651723861694]
[0.9494470357894897]
[76.95220947265625]
[0.28642499446868896]
[24.434606552124023]
[1.3800164461135864]
[57.29706573486328]
[17.96527671813965]
[0.48227593302726746]
[9.649486541748047]
[1.7588430643081665]
[5.80485725402832]
[1.0968561172485352]
[1.1682231426239014]
[0.2250341922044754]
[0.853811502456665]
[0.45216071605682373]
[94.5294418334961]
[105.40991973876953]
[4.666152477264404]
[102.8686752319336]
[3.3241262435913086]
[5.838809013366699]
[23.225431442260742]
[7.680570125579834]
[2.274949550628662]
[0.2526647746562958]
[4.544642448425293]
[1.228011131286621]
[0.590594470500946]
[0.9877340197563171]
[4.362914562225342]
[14.80138874053955]
[0.4026458263397217]
[0.3834722936153412]
[0.7086146473884583]
[2.436467409133911]
[0.5674576163291931]
[1.8085882663726807]
[0.29405853152275085]
[0.9478583335876465]
[4.409755229949951]
[7.824600696563721]
[2.8948612213134766]
[2.203855514526367]
[9.390639305114746]
[0.7679600715637207]
[0.32471510767936707]
[1.0981086492538452]
[0.8018574714660645]
[105.48355102539062]
[1.0562363862991333]
[0.24605664610862732]
[6.348441123962402]
[0.8011956214904785]
[0.5416738390922546]
[8.335464477539062]
[3.169779062271118]
[0.11096028238534927]
[0.42339977622032166]
[0.9338135719299316]
[13.577131271362305]
[8.969976425170898]
[7.220353603363037]
[8.771147727966309]
[40.75712585449219]
[12.832411766052246]
[0.41994214057922363]
[6.1564531326293945]
[747.0555419921875]
[1.728446364402771]
[0.8396557569503784]
[1.9709422588348389]
[79.17610168457031]
[1.3463209867477417]
[2.2426347732543945]
[2.9763238430023193]
[1.5017883777618408]
[6.714517593383789]
[1.7440229654312134]
[3.565636396408081]
[7.832982063293457]
[1.2336581945419312]
[9.917516708374023]
[0.6545737981796265]
[11.057060241699219]
[5.644943714141846]
[134.56964111328125]
[4.73572301864624]
[9.63955307006836]
[26.975767135620117]
[3.4674155712127686]
[2.026784658432007]
[0.5706256031990051]
[0.6464876532554626]
[5.89206075668335]
[1.4448556900024414]
[108.10675048828125]
[2.410405158996582]
[2.515336513519287]
[5.197328567504883]
[4.574529647827148]
[269.5608215332031]
[8.122933387756348]
[11.705236434936523]
[2.3326401710510254]
[6.649782657623291]
[152.14247131347656]
[2.8822548389434814]
[1.278834342956543]
[3.581829786300659]
[2.2145802974700928]
[10.107124328613281]
[9.02465534210205]
[5.077436447143555]
[5.16396427154541]
[90.86827087402344]
[7.822403430938721]
[4.109116077423096]
[42.812862396240234]
[2.150269031524658]
[155.61732482910156]
[7.267382621765137]
[107.48651123046875]
[6.200380325317383]
[1.451928973197937]
[83.36328887939453]
[0.6389018893241882]
[1.3451449871063232]
[1.9275370836257935]
[73.96720886230469]
[3.1365931034088135]
[3.8058667182922363]
[86.74421691894531]
[1.79298734664917]
[0.4334767162799835]
[0.7986267805099487]
[23.346426010131836]
[7.499582290649414]
[0.8979369401931763]
[130.07772827148438]
[4.4428815841674805]
[0.6785762310028076]
[98.52752685546875]
[1.0970319509506226]
[14.569990158081055]
[4.3766188621521]
[0.7823631167411804]
[0.24336080253124237]
[0.2490328848361969]
[518.0364990234375]
[5.266204833984375]
[8.343753814697266]
[0.37147778272628784]
[6.325906276702881]
[6.694166660308838]
[26.586206436157227]
[3.462246894836426]
[5.493603706359863]
[4.212000846862793]
[11.080270767211914]
[16.346805572509766]
[75.48495483398438]
[9.165177345275879]
[178.52545166015625]
[0.8062413930892944]
[3.4849331378936768]
[3.993603467941284]
[40.603214263916016]
[5.1086859703063965]
[3.1844778060913086]
[88.54973602294922]
[2.2526793479919434]
[0.6622486710548401]
[6.8261613845825195]
[9.004446983337402]
[0.6001342535018921]
[2.305558204650879]
[0.8897092938423157]
[265.8734130859375]
[0.5286459922790527]
[0.5269908308982849]
[5.908526420593262]
[6.316493034362793]
[3.1931185722351074]
[4.928184986114502]
[2.957721471786499]
[0.6200417876243591]
[1.717681884765625]
[7.6214823722839355]
[3.4548592567443848]
[3.3566393852233887]
[2.9633243083953857]
[0.4924311935901642]
[1.7876147031784058]
[10.918878555297852]
[7.875593185424805]
[124.11065673828125]
[3.9280600547790527]
[99.03085327148438]
[4.100735664367676]
[55.272735595703125]
[3.827317714691162]
[6.716836929321289]
[1.7553753852844238]
[2.219952344894409]
[0.43313804268836975]
[1.2960336208343506]
[2.812460422515869]
[4.7900919914245605]
[2.346207618713379]
[0.5547565221786499]
[280.965576171875]
[1.6068397760391235]
[226.4962921142578]
[0.8360121846199036]
[1.129866361618042]
[0.9026062488555908]
[14.101496696472168]
[1.937113642692566]
[14.894530296325684]
[0.1943047195672989]
[0.914592444896698]
[3.176544189453125]
[3.885971784591675]
[69.6052017211914]
[4.865068435668945]
[19.04705047607422]
[16.17647361755371]
[1.989635944366455]
[1.5801314115524292]
[90.18034362792969]
[0.24319307506084442]
[2.5232696533203125]
[0.6258894205093384]
[6.604840278625488]
[1.0050088167190552]
[1.0126160383224487]
[7.365450859069824]
[6.010278224945068]
[1.722701072692871]
[3.4118921756744385]
[4.029229640960693]
[11.04861068725586]
[6.384757041931152]
[2.274244785308838]
[0.3505825698375702]
[4.844915390014648]
[12.424233436584473]
[7.740107536315918]
[0.6340330243110657]
[1.386806607246399]
[6.109882831573486]
[4.652494430541992]
[1.0655901432037354]
[195.31845092773438]
[0.5733422040939331]
[6.031744956970215]
[1.0358678102493286]
[212.10520935058594]
[7.54489278793335]
[1.549257516860962]
[4.114169120788574]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created

[0.5163230895996094]
[7.666322708129883]
[347.8901672363281]
[112.43004608154297]
[2.1916463375091553]
[3.9044928550720215]
[300.1638488769531]
[12.712821006774902]
[38.338722229003906]
[0.6291110515594482]
[2.055931806564331]
[8.900103569030762]
[174.75900268554688]
[0.4820866882801056]
[11.207475662231445]
[1.034806728363037]
[10.96158218383789]
[1.60841703414917]
[7.161917686462402]
[0.9841669201850891]
[3.5455148220062256]
[1.481387734413147]
[126.87602233886719]
[4.931882381439209]
[12.93011474609375]
[1.256709098815918]
[0.6611025929450989]
[0.9035864472389221]
[1.262924313545227]
[0.40188053250312805]
[2.9808690547943115]
[1.3183780908584595]
[0.1426602005958557]
[0.5676027536392212]
[26.213441848754883]
[0.3225668966770172]
[40.31809997558594]
[3.8880460262298584]
[6.3628315925598145]
[0.2572100758552551]
[3.8064463138580322]
[3.4948971271514893]
[104.85610961914062]
[0.49936017394065857]
[1.2061207294464111]
[0.338834673166275]
[25.568584442138672]
[5.721656322479248]
[176.2493896484375]
[95.82453155517578]
[5.548581600189209]
[0.5022912621498108]
[4.923123359680176]
[71.10608673095703]
[9.444853782653809]
[1.3562324047088623]
[5.0257248878479]
[3.8022332191467285]
[0.5341504812240601]
[22.485536575317383]
[88.6544418334961]
[3.6947109699249268]
[113.45907592773438]
[1.6652216911315918]
[8.429069519042969]
[18.77635383605957]
[1.966903567314148]
[2.5014071464538574]
[10.825509071350098]
[1.0934510231018066]
[16.34578514099121]
[7.893842697143555]
[1.945956826210022]
[4.566521644592285]
[1.0949946641921997]
[6.6549787521362305]
[1.2350873947143555]
[4.771259784698486]
[1.6660244464874268]
[2.3172054290771484]
[5.947577476501465]
[24.562898635864258]
[13.352643013000488]
[8.952784538269043]
[1.7170242071151733]
[480.19561767578125]
[74.70286560058594]
[1.4141871929168701]
[1.054572582244873]
[2.8517773151397705]
[18.114229202270508]
[0.562847912311554]
[3.52830171585083]
[4.22938346862793]
[6.215739727020264]
[5.817592144012451]
[11.251978874206543]
[12.036502838134766]
[1.911791205406189]
[1.4221339225769043]
[0.6732117533683777]
[2.9129483699798584]
[190.17437744140625]
[0.9768297076225281]
[5.1839118003845215]
[4.736371994018555]
[0.5846911668777466]
[7.97108268737793]
[0.26769354939460754]
[3.192042589187622]
[5.538158416748047]
[11.969827651977539]
[0.7337270379066467]
[2.3623921871185303]
[2.1346895694732666]
[1.0548202991485596]
[1.8449885845184326]
[196.4779815673828]
[0.1904279738664627]
[6.377748966217041]
[0.9761571288108826]
[0.5793642997741699]
[81.08810424804688]
[179.96841430664062]
[3.307957410812378]
[11.681439399719238]
[1.709139347076416]
[0.38318106532096863]
[8.078083992004395]
[4.929136753082275]
[8.838150978088379]
[8.212361335754395]
[0.4471096396446228]
[48.1231689453125]
[1.9912590980529785]
[66.80457305908203]
[94.06114959716797]
[118.81784057617188]
[1.5109902620315552]
[1.2368906736373901]
[3.1006178855895996]
[14.371939659118652]
[4.333096504211426]
[0.4177338480949402]
[0.18155279755592346]
[1.2493116855621338]
[8.258949279785156]
[4.267333030700684]
[2.038978338241577]
[3.0790207386016846]
[0.7494555711746216]
[8.222296714782715]
[1.7410998344421387]
[6.198078155517578]
[500.8275146484375]
[5.7756028175354]
[2.1652023792266846]
[1.0607582330703735]
[3.1956775188446045]
[2.768733024597168]
[2.523960828781128]
[69.30577087402344]
[5.971628189086914]
[0.19621945917606354]
[3.1385772228240967]
[0.7001626491546631]
[195.03147888183594]
[47.89060974121094]
[2.9239063262939453]
[5.163251876831055]
[1.3300411701202393]
[0.4932761490345001]
[5.427237510681152]
[312.91961669921875]
[0.6845732927322388]
[11.20022964477539]
[3.2113988399505615]
[7.673986911773682]
[2.5028977394104004]
[3.834728479385376]
[21.46533203125]
[12.40904426574707]
[4.203656196594238]
[4.227962017059326]
[8.135051727294922]
[19.915019989013672]
[135.0370635986328]
[7.341437816619873]
[4.438067436218262]
[82.59503936767578]
[6.0334672927856445]
[0.6515125036239624]
[8.382739067077637]
[10.579026222229004]
[4.376020908355713]
[6.847133159637451]
[19.579561233520508]
[3.30303955078125]
[2.0285089015960693]
[11.882126808166504]
[2.8422555923461914]
[1.7250404357910156]
[7.051585674285889]
[12.843753814697266]
[15.866020202636719]
[5.259172439575195]
[0.3456442654132843]
[9.957246780395508]
[0.4214792549610138]
[0.25813066959381104]
[2.8231201171875]
[0.1467512845993042]
[0.8716474175453186]
[2.4565889835357666]
[0.42459893226623535]
[0.509652316570282]
[6.350424289703369]
[8.40857219696045]
[3.3318848609924316]
[12.075052261352539]
[0.14464060962200165]
[0.5078977346420288]
[1.7388451099395752]
[1.4481713771820068]
[176.18133544921875]
[0.5656262040138245]
[0.31290972232818604]
[0.38842132687568665]
[0.24420513212680817]
[90.14379119873047]
[4.0110883712768555]
[1.6244937181472778]
[0.7805712819099426]
[4.645413875579834]
[3.0635931491851807]
[3.7846312522888184]
[0.25541403889656067]
[0.39561378955841064]
[2.43902850151062]
[0.24898207187652588]
[3.6498653888702393]
[0.4906822144985199]
[2.3556652069091797]
[2.9018518924713135]
[5.269564628601074]
[4.492774486541748]
[101.0829849243164]
[0.1708354353904724]
[0.6032533049583435]
[1.9253106117248535]
[0.1931733340024948]
[57.69944381713867]
[0.5269094705581665]
[0.3582458794116974]
[2.268522024154663]
[96.89363098144531]
[0.4938111901283264]
[0.4467471241950989]
[1.7196059226989746]
[3.0165843963623047]
[1.8779270648956299]
[4.2802605628967285]
[0.9600120782852173]
[0.8094722628593445]
[40.61335754394531]
[0.30026596784591675]
[0.23820634186267853]
[2.047922134399414]
[360.7403259277344]
[6.105709075927734]
[1.0243287086486816]
[1.5060522556304932]
[0.31226131319999695]
[3.2289907932281494]
[6.224112033843994]
[94.53040313720703]
[9.826644897460938]
[2.1816742420196533]
[2.995149612426758]
[14.168089866638184]
[0.6577617526054382]
[3.7347638607025146]
[2.0969183444976807]
[3.8234453201293945]
[12.969884872436523]
[2.174557685852051]
[5.039785861968994]
[629.8280029296875]
[14.990893363952637]
[0.813658595085144]
[8.84157943725586]
[0.6490797996520996]
[0.17893929779529572]
[174.58993530273438]
[224.82252502441406]
[0.6037880778312683]
[8.50133991241455]
[97.67770385742188]
[2.2575812339782715]
[2.7899768352508545]
[18.107505798339844]
[0.9264029860496521]
[8.643658638000488]
[0.5599985122680664]
[5.619351863861084]
[0.9658896923065186]
[4.408692359924316]
[3.612178325653076]
[119.9891128540039]
[358.2069396972656]
[2.5582664012908936]
[114.53406524658203]
[3.1487860679626465]
[0.8287373185157776]
[8.668996810913086]
[2.355558156967163]
[1.8851256370544434]
[8.554673194885254]
[96.75141906738281]
[65.20680236816406]
[1.3077372312545776]
[1.2054471969604492]
[52.44572830200195]
[2.1154944896698]
[1.111476182937622]
[0.4232632517814636]
[0.44367778301239014]
[38.974212646484375]
[69.27517700195312]
[7.200021266937256]
[2.7990894317626953]
[0.3018728196620941]
[28.329282760620117]
[19.3066349029541]
[1.8096281290054321]
[10.383101463317871]
[451.5084228515625]
[6.8685760498046875]
[133.1697235107422]
[8.800583839416504]
[1.3131283521652222]
[4.692910671234131]
[0.21384741365909576]
[2.4669344425201416]
[2.732454776763916]
[1.7052528858184814]
[4.981714248657227]
[69.2605972290039]
[2.4786386489868164]
[5.277862548828125]
[7.706768989562988]
[5.574719429016113]
[115.55001068115234]
[4.087759971618652]
[0.44056665897369385]
[0.856459379196167]
[2.651421546936035]
[13.11218547821045]
[2.315324544906616]
[0.5739114284515381]
[1.4580044746398926]
[10.235494613647461]
[59.25474166870117]
[1.5563156604766846]
[5.361679553985596]
[6.932790756225586]
[81.46692657470703]
[8.928874969482422]
[74.16173553466797]
[1.5563902854919434]
[3.7881240844726562]
[9.182515144348145]
[2.1315228939056396]
[0.35002654790878296]
[607.0263061523438]
[1.464201807975769]
[3.5726778507232666]
[7.87808895111084]
[3.7624781131744385]
[3.0677924156188965]
[0.6422547101974487]
[7.245878219604492]
[3.110856533050537]
[109.76129913330078]
[17.576309204101562]
[6.182340145111084]
[1.4930990934371948]
[2.817197322845459]
[2.2286646366119385]
[26.45269012451172]
[0.38957545161247253]
[0.694129467010498]
[0.8441792130470276]
[45.16239929199219]
[43.645503997802734]
[1.955570936203003]
[7.420679092407227]
[1.1537455320358276]
[1.4278268814086914]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[5.952152252197266]
[221.30345153808594]
[0.5545318722724915]
[0.23110558092594147]
[1.223557949066162]
[6.5246500968933105]
[1.3002701997756958]
[94.5318832397461]
[1.5318337678909302]
[0.48763442039489746]
[1.4540780782699585]
[3.5862531661987305]
[19.135921478271484]
[7.628832817077637]
[4.242719650268555]
[8.038496971130371]
[7.793230056762695]
[7.0594000816345215]
[1.4833848476409912]
[235.87374877929688]
[42.7355842590332]
[82.18981170654297]
[4.526169776916504]
[1.4793986082077026]
[2.066804885864258]
[2.487628698348999]
[5.444871425628662]
[2.4864501953125]
[7.993721961975098]
[3.8907458782196045]
[3.9839651584625244]
[3.347158193588257]
[100.01043701171875]
[1.955572485923767]
[7.029771327972412]
[0.3789791464805603]
[0.22871512174606323]
[122.88606262207031]
[0.48358237743377686]
[4.282402038574219]
[4.9416351318359375]
[1.588381052017212]
[2.975592851638794]
[6.279778957366943]
[0.31993764638900757]
[1.8394068479537964]
[6.8695783615112305]
[2.0126492977142334]
[126.50041961669922]
[0.31841185688972473]
[7.158243179321289]
[3.420184373855591]
[1.770378828048706]
[87.58682250976562]
[3.257499933242798]
[4.621443271636963]
[1.0186792612075806]
[6.034872055053711]
[2.2679288387298584]
[0.3391086459159851]
[2.698897361755371]
[1.0567868947982788]
[0.1656629592180252]
[17.588457107543945]
[59.098426818847656]
[85.23400115966797]
[3.4686453342437744]
[65.40082550048828]
[0.7352584600448608]
[3.2195606231689453]
[0.9485847353935242]
[0.9618622064590454]
[1.9172554016113281]
[8.112116813659668]
[2.855210542678833]
[1.6815474033355713]
[4.333137512207031]
[36.76671600341797]
[3.7551465034484863]
[2.4757933616638184]
[1.887626051902771]
[2.843717098236084]
[154.73580932617188]
[141.6846160888672]
[1.3384727239608765]
[2.032489061355591]
[6.179509162902832]
[5.526186943054199]
[5.746593475341797]
[24.454757690429688]
[7.304389476776123]
[21.597003936767578]
[6.1802544593811035]
[1.0816493034362793]
[3.371760845184326]
[18.191181182861328]
[1.9256012439727783]
[1.1337302923202515]
[0.7740189433097839]
[2.5541563034057617]
[0.644447922706604]
[2.0869503021240234]
[0.45912104845046997]
[1.1157454252243042]
[0.7514746189117432]
[0.5821837186813354]
[163.71331787109375]
[2.1806533336639404]
[1.3634628057479858]
[0.3993023633956909]
[167.33489990234375]
[2.5003297328948975]
[2.7604684829711914]
[0.24681106209754944]
[2.034543037414551]
[0.14776991307735443]
[0.4078422486782074]
[2.139007091522217]
[1.8998892307281494]
[0.8581842184066772]
[0.4707457721233368]
[8.94222640991211]
[7.322950839996338]
[8.223357200622559]
[10.342268943786621]
[0.433257520198822]
[6.517739772796631]
[0.5359181761741638]
[0.3310309946537018]
[18.185678482055664]
[3.5211005210876465]
[1.5077022314071655]
[0.14565347135066986]
[0.4417983293533325]
[2.473593235015869]
[13.490727424621582]
[8.396125793457031]
[119.04092407226562]
[0.8522486090660095]
[0.8151030540466309]
[2.1788129806518555]
[32.4158821105957]
[1.7226765155792236]
[0.236568883061409]
[0.8648238182067871]
[6.170761585235596]
[0.3084840178489685]
[4.14463996887207]
[39.7078971862793]
[85.6738052368164]
[1.7440247535705566]
[27.155054092407227]
[160.32461547851562]
[1.6728792190551758]
[2.898209571838379]
[10.549461364746094]
[0.3250012993812561]
[3.9712655544281006]
[0.1564769744873047]
[3.170880079269409]
[62.88569641113281]
[12.823478698730469]
[377.8751525878906]
[195.22970581054688]
[109.11526489257812]
[0.15683013200759888]
[125.60313415527344]
[11.24869155883789]
[9.17225456237793]
[78.75253295898438]
[2.298251152038574]
[47.04331970214844]
[74.68421936035156]
[15.940068244934082]
[10.943215370178223]
[121.20100402832031]
[9.817255973815918]
[59.1540641784668]
[0.7535721063613892]
[1.010067343711853]
[305.9693298339844]
[38.49744415283203]
[20.924942016601562]
[8.857709884643555]
[7.298915386199951]
[2.6515557765960693]
[1.195278525352478]
[98.48828887939453]
[84.40463256835938]
[4.35313081741333]
[1.9258149862289429]
[123.67411041259766]
[0.45344075560569763]
[2.78596830368042]
[225.49134826660156]
[48.447296142578125]
[1.2603468894958496]
[0.30502650141716003]
[5.056807994842529]
[3.1449897289276123]
[1.9439195394515991]
[11.795775413513184]
[10.692090034484863]
[64.09888458251953]
[20.8189640045166]
[0.19706329703330994]
[1.7302885055541992]
[0.9644620418548584]
[5.947669506072998]
[40.516326904296875]
[5.059469699859619]
[3.434971570968628]
[7.8414788246154785]
[1.6359623670578003]
[17.980016708374023]
[7.419339179992676]
[0.42122581601142883]
[6.5597310066223145]
[0.4047406017780304]
[7.012869834899902]
[120.19977569580078]
[139.4796905517578]
[61.269161224365234]
[27.515169143676758]
[29.54897689819336]
[0.1406412422657013]
[2.7494449615478516]
[6.202017307281494]
[6.1526899337768555]
[11.244172096252441]
[12.628779411315918]
[75.89543151855469]
[112.57923126220703]
[0.33716458082199097]
[0.6007343530654907]
[0.8395345211029053]
[8.13900089263916]
[3.947835922241211]
[1.666896939277649]
[0.9999516010284424]
[0.2881307899951935]
[0.38840389251708984]
[15.336223602294922]
[4.456357955932617]
[6.162468433380127]
[23.382396697998047]
[268.7013244628906]
[78.18187713623047]
[3.876512050628662]
[1.1297459602355957]
[4.616010665893555]
[0.23930111527442932]
[99.16887664794922]
[5.145248889923096]
[1.316396951675415]
[93.0020523071289]
[0.509412407875061]
[0.23007746040821075]
[1.419488787651062]
[1.263716697692871]
[1.4453784227371216]
[3.4692304134368896]
[0.1828526258468628]
[16.272815704345703]
[13.316649436950684]
[0.3621865212917328]
[8.637467384338379]
[1.5391801595687866]
[12.256319999694824]
[8.238643646240234]
[2.093165397644043]
[1.098961591720581]
[2.058339834213257]
[1.7015460729599]
[1.1332170963287354]
[1.353148341178894]
[0.9779502749443054]
[3.854104995727539]
[144.5690460205078]
[1.4071763753890991]
[6.418516159057617]
[2.1465365886688232]
[0.37727561593055725]
[117.25353240966797]
[2.1213114261627197]
[0.7897855639457703]
[5.463984489440918]
[2.508441686630249]
[2.76933217048645]
[3.411541223526001]
[0.9585788249969482]
[6.069145679473877]
[2.1474111080169678]
[1.6282401084899902]
[182.31024169921875]
[298.4344787597656]
[12.93521499633789]
[7.563232421875]
[1.860090732574463]
[124.45552825927734]
[31.28023910522461]
[0.7266634106636047]
[3.0295538902282715]
[94.20068359375]
[9.123181343078613]
[1.4685964584350586]
[114.7533187866211]
[0.40891578793525696]
[1.0919981002807617]
[1.206872820854187]
[6.4840617179870605]
[4.736721992492676]
[0.48742371797561646]
[0.7910066843032837]
[2.5695865154266357]
[3.4056038856506348]
[2.6542749404907227]
[105.5527572631836]
[9.062049865722656]
[179.37966918945312]
[4.216863632202148]
[1.0557925701141357]
[3.6981027126312256]
[0.722890317440033]
[5.085308074951172]
[76.58221435546875]
[0.9242973327636719]
[3.1020314693450928]
[1.1331167221069336]
[2.6291120052337646]
[2.8159797191619873]
[23.83002471923828]
[4.643128871917725]
[5.202289581298828]
[0.13820987939834595]
[5.296117782592773]
[6.980497360229492]
[2.6821014881134033]
[0.12171097844839096]
[3.445969581604004]
[98.2837905883789]
[82.42395782470703]
[6.390143871307373]
[1.913413405418396]
[0.23263254761695862]
[5.91311502456665]
[4.842919826507568]
[1.7659087181091309]
[1.5537608861923218]
[0.2720249891281128]
[2.311769485473633]
[0.2034521847963333]
[1.6635726690292358]
[6.6595139503479]
[3.814483404159546]
[1.7923073768615723]
[274.67242431640625]
[2.787097692489624]
[3.4962594509124756]
[2.676159620285034]
[361.8252868652344]
[1.562019944190979]
[8.36868667602539]
[1.8378322124481201]
[1.940813422203064]
[5.0315046310424805]
[0.6362938284873962]
[2.8509106636047363]
[8.046882629394531]
[174.07687377929688]
[212.84701538085938]
[16.382539749145508]
[4.786703109741211]
[80.17167663574219]
[82.44584655761719]
[0.2194920927286148]
[0.1439739614725113]
[3.7886908054351807]
[20.830427169799805]
[3.6354119777679443]
[94.19133758544922]
[3.2797281742095947]
[3.4828526973724365]
[3.099884271621704]
[8.01516056060791]
[3.304499626159668]
[17.484792709350586]
[5.68021297454834]
[68.35823059082031]
[3.014472007751465]
[0.3415759801864624]
[8.359602928161621]
[2.0079455375671387]
[0.342223197221756]
[3.376188278198242]
[3.5288164615631104]
[0.5456416606903076]
[34.209739685058594]
[3.441133499145508]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.5434200763702393]
[0.39076724648475647]
[36.87644958496094]
[3.3934693336486816]
[0.4413464665412903]
[0.7439498901367188]
[70.91327667236328]
[2.224050283432007]
[0.8382692933082581]
[0.8062717914581299]
[4.145026683807373]
[7.0236077308654785]
[4.780081272125244]
[2.402214288711548]
[1.8087502717971802]
[1.9981367588043213]
[1.1138393878936768]
[2.8680930137634277]
[4.962723731994629]
[1.1836879253387451]
[0.45038899779319763]
[0.8731814622879028]
[323.9450988769531]
[7.1403489112854]
[5.791767120361328]
[338.64190673828125]
[1.684616208076477]
[0.25116580724716187]
[7.210786819458008]
[0.6967841386795044]
[1.5066052675247192]
[16.70064926147461]
[0.8946009278297424]
[6.7501020431518555]
[6.65591287612915]
[1.7390307188034058]
[13.605608940124512]
[11.53547477722168]
[102.55144500732422]
[11.546953201293945]
[2.9692869186401367]
[87.12108612060547]
[31.099367141723633]
[2.0797362327575684]
[0.5531309247016907]
[0.2550235092639923]
[0.5155860781669617]
[10.999011039733887]
[3.5773510932922363]
[1.8071856498718262]
[24.839698791503906]
[0.5930023789405823]
[2.4674086570739746]
[13.515789985656738]
[8.439123153686523]
[18.155744552612305]
[0.21118396520614624]
[0.8978783488273621]
[0.9030256867408752]
[0.22157840430736542]
[82.77912139892578]
[1.0800861120224]
[2.140388250350952]
[9.126014709472656]
[360.9107666015625]
[20.29816436767578]
[87.78169250488281]
[57.1827278137207]
[0.6542437076568604]
[3.2390575408935547]
[5.1820573806762695]
[7.720750331878662]
[7.546741962432861]
[225.0526885986328]
[1.5979152917861938]
[0.8835242986679077]
[0.8544121384620667]
[0.7666007876396179]
[0.25469377636909485]
[0.992037832736969]
[0.6921528577804565]
[0.20838777720928192]
[7.223161697387695]
[69.6689682006836]
[2.4105048179626465]
[0.16312666237354279]
[7.85653829574585]
[36.28386306762695]
[3.2716710567474365]
[8.053637504577637]
[1.4818334579467773]
[267.08856201171875]
[7.18008279800415]
[0.4093021750450134]
[4.323910713195801]
[1.7305688858032227]
[2.2459540367126465]
[1.985709547996521]
[2.2753615379333496]
[7.997554779052734]
[2.7276604175567627]
[6.7919840812683105]
[86.67083740234375]
[0.42707306146621704]
[3.939971923828125]
[2.0994880199432373]
[1.4907925128936768]
[6.289032459259033]
[263.8613586425781]
[3.9794652462005615]
[9.347384452819824]
[2.6346182823181152]
[2.257038116455078]
[2.4320075511932373]
[3.8751747608184814]
[0.5309655666351318]
[1.2147258520126343]
[5.079940319061279]
[10.92020034790039]
[0.3454543650150299]
[147.32080078125]
[78.41712951660156]
[0.2831273078918457]
[1.690165400505066]
[1.5112602710723877]
[5.703270435333252]
[0.3804912865161896]
[0.22574113309383392]
[0.8129498958587646]
[14.661211013793945]
[2.76778507232666]
[1.433976411819458]
[4.9590020179748535]
[1.5282795429229736]
[200.9192352294922]
[266.35919189453125]
[1.562009572982788]
[149.61988830566406]
[6.832960605621338]
[0.22206920385360718]
[2.439847469329834]
[6.755307197570801]
[6.326475143432617]
[4.293315410614014]
[1.2275621891021729]
[8.383722305297852]
[9.641551971435547]
[12.11999225616455]
[1.7257057428359985]
[2.638558864593506]
[9.520596504211426]
[6.6362104415893555]
[3.8962161540985107]
[2.1735951900482178]
[4.6370320320129395]
[2.0135326385498047]
[202.57211303710938]
[1.9643607139587402]
[87.31664276123047]
[20.763120651245117]
[24.97064781188965]
[2.2559897899627686]
[7.931732654571533]
[1.592780351638794]
[2.849611282348633]
[0.3065582513809204]
[5.388401031494141]
[5.706366539001465]
[6.4336395263671875]
[2.6368165016174316]
[2.224583625793457]
[21.790021896362305]
[5.167766094207764]
[143.4180145263672]
[69.17819213867188]
[0.4299076795578003]
[4.149285793304443]
[457.0201416015625]
[0.37073853611946106]
[0.6239094138145447]
[1.488369345664978]
[0.7619770169258118]
[1.3882488012313843]
[121.14087677001953]
[1.3008569478988647]
[14.847447395324707]
[7.911823272705078]
[4.264479160308838]
[21.91015625]
[2.7712082862854004]
[9.792563438415527]
[17.186397552490234]
[1.9345780611038208]
[2.375035047531128]
[143.20828247070312]
[0.28042417764663696]
[8.255943298339844]
[1.5834646224975586]
[8.01073932647705]
[3.612048864364624]
[1.771580696105957]
[230.35887145996094]
[0.874367892742157]
[0.9794730544090271]
[7.10672664642334]
[6.690316677093506]
[1.2185269594192505]
[4.0739545822143555]
[2.6873624324798584]
[2.828758478164673]
[1.2882832288742065]
[1.8495465517044067]
[1.3358229398727417]
[4.457693099975586]
[5.559911727905273]
[0.4493867754936218]
[111.34077453613281]
[0.19133903086185455]
[6.582702159881592]
[3.6713907718658447]
[0.13704772293567657]
[72.64036560058594]
[1.4387263059616089]
[0.6477838754653931]
[3.204301118850708]
[96.13489532470703]
[117.169677734375]
[2.21540904045105]
[21.12371063232422]
[0.2869546711444855]
[5.774509429931641]
[83.73719024658203]
[0.20676399767398834]
[1.949806571006775]
[0.1080966591835022]
[78.94153594970703]
[0.5425430536270142]
[21.20907974243164]
[12.754493713378906]
[14.864871978759766]
[11.378321647644043]
[0.7588445544242859]
[2.654148578643799]
[1.0018218755722046]
[0.2785119414329529]
[2.845552444458008]
[0.44089654088020325]
[3.2100331783294678]
[9.13763427734375]
[0.3235704302787781]
[7.889878749847412]
[7.429476261138916]
[8.294245719909668]
[0.8119596838951111]
[0.3094607889652252]
[2.755622148513794]
[0.8220458030700684]
[11.664373397827148]
[0.38520485162734985]
[92.58941650390625]
[6.03912353515625]
[1.306942343711853]
[7.145498275756836]
[2.913285255432129]
[0.31566599011421204]
[71.15618896484375]
[0.5169305205345154]
[5.053457260131836]
[2.607273817062378]
[56.668087005615234]
[0.11793020367622375]
[1.165083885192871]
[3.7205116748809814]
[66.2363510131836]
[6.493645668029785]
[3.0715036392211914]
[1.3612257242202759]
[2.9013707637786865]
[112.2124252319336]
[358.097412109375]
[1.597665548324585]
[3.2432806491851807]
[35.65207290649414]
[62.65592956542969]
[0.6938300132751465]
[24.316539764404297]
[4.601105213165283]
[25.622802734375]
[32.3421745300293]
[12.362249374389648]
[0.3981793522834778]
[30.657608032226562]
[198.8568878173828]
[5.353519439697266]
[5.8058180809021]
[5.319778919219971]
[3.3334481716156006]
[1.287731647491455]
[3.580296277999878]
[214.24855041503906]
[5.488003730773926]
[5.256694793701172]
[2.5120742321014404]
[79.4576416015625]
[2.774735927581787]
[4.380687236785889]
[23.656600952148438]
[0.4560621380805969]
[8.390973091125488]
[137.80648803710938]
[3.4139599800109863]
[1.6862379312515259]
[0.6066663861274719]
[0.318693608045578]
[0.4322085976600647]
[1.3951648473739624]
[0.9293338060379028]
[0.16026116907596588]
[0.505527138710022]
[206.6739044189453]
[577.2005615234375]
[3.615429162979126]
[0.14176887273788452]
[1.710279107093811]
[10.339576721191406]
[11.470367431640625]
[1.137282371520996]
[4.115217208862305]
[0.5339937806129456]
[0.3869943618774414]
[8.354212760925293]
[5.485729217529297]
[73.34733581542969]
[0.5978251099586487]
[5.659493446350098]
[26.066997528076172]
[11.599958419799805]
[172.33033752441406]
[5.98811149597168]
[1.7444729804992676]
[2.745126962661743]
[145.5906219482422]
[9.442704200744629]
[8.622710227966309]
[1.1234428882598877]
[7.849897384643555]
[7.642378330230713]
[3.200024127960205]
[6.263078212738037]
[319.0299072265625]
[291.36761474609375]
[8.386290550231934]
[8.143709182739258]
[0.6776792407035828]
[14.593247413635254]
[1.1043871641159058]
[7.738581657409668]
[26.671838760375977]
[2.360591173171997]
[1.9143080711364746]
[0.2880745828151703]
[1.7533409595489502]
[82.70783996582031]
[5.207418441772461]
[2.0466203689575195]
[0.18753884732723236]
[9.809037208557129]
[1.5974839925765991]
[15.593095779418945]
[6.365060806274414]
[0.878879725933075]
[2.7132718563079834]
[4.339004993438721]
[2.052199363708496]
[47.47014236450195]
[13.00053596496582]
[5.895186901092529]
[123.6519546508789]
[2.9583678245544434]
[0.37889575958251953]
[0.5771467089653015]
[9.9186429977417]
[1.9868699312210083]
[3.4123928546905518]
[8.687909126281738]
[3.310337781906128]
[8.044179916381836]
[7.336956024169922]
[0.8544487953186035]
[2.1166489124298096]
[6.245017051696777]
[0.3446042239665985]
[2.806966781616211]
[0.6402723789215088]
[11.005073547363281]
[0.3517974019050598]
[0.6672725677490234]
[5.225643157958984]
[0.4855928421020508]
[143.63363647460938]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.24880768358707428]
[5.809092998504639]
[17.42837905883789]
[5.258699893951416]
[4.232694625854492]
[0.21122980117797852]
[0.36887770891189575]
[0.8169732689857483]
[1.391201376914978]
[0.4309968948364258]
[4.143669605255127]
[0.9969447255134583]
[0.13463255763053894]
[144.17787170410156]
[5.573986053466797]
[10.954639434814453]
[5.279166221618652]
[0.45575591921806335]
[131.6497802734375]
[0.27445706725120544]
[0.7419652342796326]
[0.7800077199935913]
[0.996194064617157]
[5.977902412414551]
[0.25266003608703613]
[1.5935523509979248]
[16.904525756835938]
[5.731555938720703]
[12.7106294631958]
[2.058291435241699]
[589.6484375]
[2.568026065826416]
[4.671184062957764]
[0.7511605620384216]
[0.6104358434677124]
[0.36414816975593567]
[2.9545698165893555]
[3.8586466312408447]
[7.1625542640686035]
[8.554831504821777]
[13.365222930908203]
[3.202913284301758]
[0.1879948079586029]
[1.4940621852874756]
[9.007290840148926]
[9.058708190917969]
[0.18130436539649963]
[1.6147370338439941]
[2.671342134475708]
[90.10858154296875]
[70.9744644165039]
[1.0658644437789917]
[1.1762058734893799]
[1.3079670667648315]
[3.548973321914673]
[5.083780765533447]
[2.4479708671569824]
[115.18095397949219]
[14.455832481384277]
[110.60610961914062]
[1.3488235473632812]
[5.110610485076904]
[22.38994789123535]
[0.563550591468811]
[2.1532983779907227]
[13.307879447937012]
[5.723150253295898]
[0.3083314895629883]
[133.86337280273438]
[2.4117400646209717]
[6.081728458404541]
[3.3687591552734375]
[7.275593280792236]
[9.873832702636719]
[0.637810468673706]
[2.315183162689209]
[142.59246826171875]
[0.5859770178794861]
[7.6187286376953125]
[0.47119462490081787]
[1.8660770654678345]
[0.8357081413269043]
[5.481876373291016]
[5.813823699951172]
[3.1314308643341064]
[0.9001030921936035]
[106.16061401367188]
[4.107412338256836]
[0.1336853951215744]
[4.101938247680664]
[88.45720672607422]
[0.46893760561943054]
[4.607883453369141]
[102.82470703125]
[0.12421903759241104]
[5.947821617126465]
[9.330543518066406]
[7.017816066741943]
[2.5241172313690186]
[0.3700217008590698]
[5.083768844604492]
[1.1821202039718628]
[4.81849479675293]
[1.2744017839431763]
[6.799015522003174]
[1.9639276266098022]
[0.2993713319301605]
[0.33654770255088806]
[0.4628071188926697]
[4.47531270980835]
[0.405313640832901]
[2.840198278427124]
[0.16456371545791626]
[1.3597283363342285]
[1.027754545211792]
[8.368895530700684]
[2.0029165744781494]
[0.16674138605594635]
[1.019553542137146]
[0.30773621797561646]
[7.039864540100098]
[2.999253749847412]
[2.6188879013061523]
[5.1234211921691895]
[0.3404177725315094]
[77.78172302246094]
[1.6990487575531006]
[1.3510489463806152]
[1.3510942459106445]
[0.2387709617614746]
[1.2960580587387085]
[3.0546865463256836]
[5.150078296661377]
[3.451479911804199]
[1.0479857921600342]
[77.93902587890625]
[10.963878631591797]
[1.4637333154678345]
[0.6749861836433411]
[2.4791719913482666]
[4.979484558105469]
[5.506649017333984]
[0.2814592123031616]
[1.8817150592803955]
[6.922918796539307]
[0.29072538018226624]
[5.345392227172852]
[262.0772705078125]
[1.0551813840866089]
[2.35652494430542]
[92.31410217285156]
[9.312575340270996]
[0.5475615859031677]
[118.61343383789062]
[0.6132617592811584]
[2.330265998840332]
[2.9882500171661377]
[652.9403076171875]
[4.504913330078125]
[0.17905104160308838]
[68.4778823852539]
[2.502967357635498]
[1.8367892503738403]
[10.202927589416504]
[8.773783683776855]
[0.8839098215103149]
[8.482587814331055]
[16.692920684814453]
[9.085243225097656]
[7.993032455444336]
[0.6644109487533569]
[0.785521924495697]
[149.05502319335938]
[297.0330810546875]
[7.444248199462891]
[142.98980712890625]
[7.182421684265137]
[1.364006519317627]
[2.4771151542663574]
[5.492800235748291]
[2.4716298580169678]
[3.4894256591796875]
[3.1697607040405273]
[0.8281163573265076]
[12.579830169677734]
[241.8832244873047]
[1.322235107421875]
[87.15292358398438]
[25.955970764160156]
[6.731480598449707]
[3.7504334449768066]
[14.997888565063477]
[3.216398000717163]
[75.32377624511719]
[2.1496775150299072]
[3.8334667682647705]
[8.714020729064941]
[0.6994411945343018]
[5.671623706817627]
[122.29059600830078]
[2.055995464324951]
[1.5864574909210205]
[5.644627571105957]
[1.1587371826171875]
[5.1680402755737305]
[0.7969021797180176]
[96.6873550415039]
[1.0922977924346924]
[9.175058364868164]
[6.892698287963867]
[6.848208427429199]
[0.9193675518035889]
[2.0835764408111572]
[0.47018224000930786]
[9.033125877380371]
[0.4171369671821594]
[5.918060779571533]
[112.51728820800781]
[78.84046173095703]
[309.7906188964844]
[3.2230377197265625]
[125.41063690185547]
[0.1895650327205658]
[5.062183380126953]
[0.2752051055431366]
[93.16423034667969]
[1.4193611145019531]
[3.782055139541626]
[70.82862854003906]
[3.2843618392944336]
[14.922486305236816]
[44.761932373046875]
[3.6576988697052]
[6.459592342376709]
[1.882898211479187]
[1.7500213384628296]
[3.4624974727630615]
[2.1210439205169678]
[73.91626739501953]
[58.71409606933594]
[10.745567321777344]
[5.3487958908081055]
[4.662203311920166]
[0.3228611648082733]
[2.769195318222046]
[49.17570877075195]
[1.5529751777648926]
[11.172196388244629]
[1.215315580368042]
[0.5220028758049011]
[4.267129421234131]
[3.357863187789917]
[1.8840059041976929]
[0.7460505962371826]
[3.255380630493164]
[1.8243638277053833]
[50.80671310424805]
[0.25196778774261475]
[6.9589643478393555]
[6.440680503845215]
[0.7142521739006042]
[2.047332286834717]
[61.96445846557617]
[7.326277256011963]
[119.88301849365234]
[5.983665943145752]
[6.711781024932861]
[6.724430084228516]
[59.91209411621094]
[1.725897192955017]
[5.894284725189209]
[0.6619371175765991]
[1.2101293802261353]
[1.8389729261398315]
[8.335618019104004]
[5.891412734985352]
[0.49787941575050354]
[0.43470463156700134]
[2.169424057006836]
[1.1413589715957642]
[56.21437072753906]
[10.867714881896973]
[50.79063034057617]
[0.19938333332538605]
[7.150902271270752]
[2.272268056869507]
[2.3834128379821777]
[2.429941415786743]
[9.835165977478027]
[3.0415616035461426]
[0.17922300100326538]
[0.7961651682853699]
[4.772580146789551]
[4.972728729248047]
[11.92282485961914]
[3.727926015853882]
[0.9329959750175476]
[1.6237155199050903]
[0.8518580794334412]
[138.0345001220703]
[3.955853223800659]
[0.30823785066604614]
[2.5107297897338867]
[1.1621074676513672]
[0.19599275290966034]
[0.27514201402664185]
[15.557368278503418]
[112.73532104492188]
[0.5924898982048035]
[21.464937210083008]
[146.67926025390625]
[83.32209014892578]
[4.524191856384277]
[1.2111042737960815]
[84.90631103515625]
[0.19969114661216736]
[3.578946828842163]
[0.8275482058525085]
[5.4047064781188965]
[2.475216865539551]
[143.0988311767578]
[0.6567173600196838]
[3.2380800247192383]
[3.290489435195923]
[4.4456939697265625]
[0.3309940695762634]
[2.0867233276367188]
[1.6382640600204468]
[2.1543962955474854]
[3.8744125366210938]
[0.34734952449798584]
[0.25808653235435486]
[5.829270839691162]
[0.5691622495651245]
[4.163228988647461]
[0.795621931552887]
[0.15576420724391937]
[0.2807208299636841]
[6.255957126617432]
[16.701950073242188]
[3.2515926361083984]
[39.30604934692383]
[0.5123743414878845]
[129.79103088378906]
[1.6726983785629272]
[0.5846778154373169]
[0.26184141635894775]
[1.4546349048614502]
[7.435934066772461]
[8.967127799987793]
[11.044574737548828]
[5.689566612243652]
[2.672466993331909]
[10.953089714050293]
[250.42941284179688]
[0.20176997780799866]
[29.886938095092773]
[1.11483895778656]
[4.347711086273193]
[1.2513890266418457]
[9.571497917175293]
[0.3353683054447174]
[0.1895492970943451]
[1.494330883026123]
[7.181272029876709]
[0.9318187236785889]
[0.21675777435302734]
[7.426669120788574]
[0.26283618807792664]
[126.31143188476562]
[49.94070816040039]
[0.43566253781318665]
[2.553624153137207]
[3.409963607788086]
[1.3149775266647339]
[4.299722671508789]
[0.6678904891014099]
[3.6848762035369873]
[1.4710345268249512]
[3.8280134201049805]
[0.421182781457901]
[59.316139221191406]
[0.9987643957138062]
[0.5502117872238159]
[0.8551052212715149]
[3.4810564517974854]
[0.6051280498504639]
[2.0770277976989746]
[5.589632034301758]
[1.3109641075134277]
[0.4205244481563568]
[3.853849411010742]
[4.841958999633789]
[4.224320411682129]
[18.619173049926758]
[2.272742509841919]
[0.568229079246521]
[3.7407009601593018]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[82.47840881347656]
[0.16646650433540344]
[1.9315578937530518]
[8.925525665283203]
[171.9029541015625]
[0.24175433814525604]
[2.6245310306549072]
[0.23924057185649872]
[9.407262802124023]
[0.8102462291717529]
[114.33631134033203]
[1.2761051654815674]
[0.1611768901348114]
[307.3016662597656]
[6.5273261070251465]
[5.723308563232422]
[5.787754058837891]
[4.146692276000977]
[2.8173131942749023]
[82.00080871582031]
[0.4761679470539093]
[1.2453131675720215]
[184.0923614501953]
[4.263152599334717]
[0.5706392526626587]
[2.2359020709991455]
[2.998635768890381]
[0.7563873529434204]
[85.35681915283203]
[2.7188076972961426]
[12.13499641418457]
[1.8988451957702637]
[0.6026867032051086]
[16.578258514404297]
[1.945009708404541]
[2.493743896484375]
[8.216028213500977]
[0.5952970385551453]
[1.8373217582702637]
[0.3209868371486664]
[2.8463244438171387]
[2.279780387878418]
[5.080025672912598]
[1.7206774950027466]
[1.9136816263198853]
[0.136477530002594]
[0.31523779034614563]
[0.13180531561374664]
[1.7420369386672974]
[1.177536964416504]
[6.813395977020264]
[0.43954482674598694]
[42.73527526855469]
[3.2082347869873047]
[0.23694080114364624]
[1.075178623199463]
[6.188799858093262]
[0.4396536946296692]
[0.37010884284973145]
[0.31783929467201233]
[5.844690322875977]
[4.319484233856201]
[0.7792322039604187]
[0.6122447848320007]
[0.33498531579971313]
[3.4714484214782715]
[0.37828949093818665]
[4.774334907531738]
[3.6590192317962646]
[0.3072361946105957]
[132.38516235351562]
[6.5738043785095215]
[0.6125741004943848]
[91.86730194091797]
[0.37185776233673096]
[0.6932157874107361]
[135.20498657226562]
[0.31436461210250854]
[2.65266489982605]
[1.1555196046829224]
[0.9643171429634094]
[4.857090950012207]
[0.33186817169189453]
[6.751382827758789]
[1.593772530555725]
[0.5297484397888184]
[0.30320829153060913]
[132.4949951171875]
[1.0135107040405273]
[1.1888025999069214]
[1.1379590034484863]
[3.666473627090454]
[2.4877371788024902]
[0.9251581430435181]
[121.5365219116211]
[4.69034481048584]
[73.33794403076172]
[1.1327414512634277]
[1.0727840662002563]
[5.174384593963623]
[5.593481063842773]
[12.728896141052246]
[9.262921333312988]
[2.133197784423828]
[0.3682532012462616]
[1.0360054969787598]
[4.54940938949585]
[2.0132579803466797]
[0.7684765458106995]
[0.8512651324272156]
[4.078885078430176]
[7.653294563293457]
[0.7583830952644348]
[3.4703423976898193]
[0.5640236735343933]
[11.247633934020996]
[4.877565383911133]
[139.08407592773438]
[5.111464500427246]
[0.12484655529260635]
[0.23063836991786957]
[3.338143825531006]
[1.99187433719635]
[0.6019989252090454]
[1.174433708190918]
[1.812276005744934]
[10.518105506896973]
[3.7311196327209473]
[8.639424324035645]
[1.9601353406906128]
[1.7536834478378296]
[0.49274924397468567]
[3.420741558074951]
[0.6114822626113892]
[1.8335661888122559]
[0.5934814214706421]
[5.712113857269287]
[0.5175266861915588]
[21.223064422607422]
[11.170876502990723]
[79.0333023071289]
[1.6362513303756714]
[71.43072509765625]
[0.23260454833507538]
[214.00137329101562]
[0.5612379312515259]
[0.2765311300754547]
[3.46871280670166]
[191.0668487548828]
[4.855022430419922]
[1.9099090099334717]
[2.4317362308502197]
[197.98492431640625]
[0.8451704382896423]
[1.9365497827529907]
[7.516000747680664]
[4.208397388458252]
[0.49449440836906433]
[106.0210952758789]
[4.225600719451904]
[1.6870243549346924]
[3.6249148845672607]
[2.5076041221618652]
[1.1051661968231201]
[1.5105924606323242]
[157.4846649169922]
[0.9338769316673279]
[24.296262741088867]
[3.57351016998291]
[19.56293296813965]
[37.367916107177734]
[0.20211046934127808]
[3.859116315841675]
[0.7056410908699036]
[73.60568237304688]
[9.378244400024414]
[3.6836845874786377]
[1.3282835483551025]
[285.8157958984375]
[3.307615041732788]
[2.0609793663024902]
[2.7106308937072754]
[3.2910149097442627]
[1.0407228469848633]
[9.024251937866211]
[1.3886953592300415]
[6.658331394195557]
[9.248998641967773]
[4.308952808380127]
[0.43143051862716675]
[0.713682234287262]
[166.69451904296875]
[3.9691152572631836]
[2.03572416305542]
[0.25267139077186584]
[0.9280914068222046]
[79.70193481445312]
[0.12938246130943298]
[2.1765363216400146]
[4.322991847991943]
[0.2442200630903244]
[5.503762722015381]
[1.5034842491149902]
[0.26459234952926636]
[2.066854953765869]
[2.8533129692077637]
[0.5880746245384216]
[395.9878234863281]
[3.4254608154296875]
[4.778573989868164]
[5.7397027015686035]
[0.7942256927490234]
[2.9398205280303955]
[11.308228492736816]
[3.155884027481079]
[7.552958965301514]
[3.368086338043213]
[7.126580238342285]
[3.029811143875122]
[7.39370584487915]
[3.6459085941314697]
[84.12267303466797]
[0.8631156086921692]
[2.039902448654175]
[82.97250366210938]
[6.070022106170654]
[1.8258278369903564]
[9.739095687866211]
[6.189029693603516]
[2.158997058868408]
[64.3054428100586]
[1.3846676349639893]
[1.7987970113754272]
[0.3641139268875122]
[1.9133028984069824]
[5.3408660888671875]
[7.529473781585693]
[248.9871063232422]
[1.4503657817840576]
[10.689763069152832]
[4.883062839508057]
[3.627598524093628]
[3.094423294067383]
[10.48874282836914]
[0.3332490921020508]
[7.041085243225098]
[2.1108341217041016]
[5.445189952850342]
[0.3588463068008423]
[3.8909974098205566]
[4.719628810882568]
[4.337708950042725]
[0.2691388428211212]
[2.2986016273498535]
[0.173415407538414]
[1.4310635328292847]
[44.295833587646484]
[109.9738540649414]
[1.206325650215149]
[155.5308837890625]
[2.4291372299194336]
[0.2950265109539032]
[0.5069823861122131]
[0.6779659390449524]
[0.8392370343208313]
[2.555328130722046]
[1.728704571723938]
[1.3531312942504883]
[12.852561950683594]
[8.529891967773438]
[2.9084103107452393]
[2.4023947715759277]
[4.92413330078125]
[6.931360244750977]
[124.5508804321289]
[3.2774834632873535]
[2.332305431365967]
[0.4547806978225708]
[4.876821517944336]
[93.31031036376953]
[2.8003244400024414]
[2.5169832706451416]
[2.4655773639678955]
[537.3379516601562]
[0.7930880784988403]
[0.1526675671339035]
[4.3483500480651855]
[0.5147223472595215]
[185.65701293945312]
[2.884456157684326]
[3.069251298904419]
[188.14076232910156]
[6.661071300506592]
[7.3479390144348145]
[2.9997973442077637]
[0.5004321932792664]
[9.805546760559082]
[86.9440689086914]
[17.868684768676758]
[2.899383783340454]
[0.9881464242935181]
[107.66320037841797]
[6.242097854614258]
[1.457038164138794]
[79.0718002319336]
[9.801129341125488]
[10.878687858581543]
[11.481950759887695]
[2.1542022228240967]
[3.8707098960876465]
[2.037454128265381]
[0.9116726517677307]
[75.72820281982422]
[1.5645954608917236]
[1.517867088317871]
[4.703741073608398]
[3.088179349899292]
[6.662291049957275]
[1.7088748216629028]
[2.4926037788391113]
[54.056678771972656]
[61.83935546875]
[1.3306125402450562]
[64.3620376586914]
[14.7085542678833]
[0.9228272438049316]
[1.8904547691345215]
[2.274329423904419]
[116.61482238769531]
[127.99034118652344]
[5.200915336608887]
[2.467848300933838]
[2.1015710830688477]
[98.16789245605469]
[6.728074550628662]
[5.6547932624816895]
[3.108853340148926]
[0.6802740693092346]
[2.503006935119629]
[1.4513447284698486]
[1.3369554281234741]
[0.3306540548801422]
[1.7096633911132812]
[37.308589935302734]
[6.717248916625977]
[4.118176460266113]
[9.772211074829102]
[11.993102073669434]
[116.23377227783203]
[1.9860790967941284]
[2.016104221343994]
[1.2467995882034302]
[0.5951309204101562]
[10.833706855773926]
[1.6515101194381714]
[1.4323852062225342]
[1.096316933631897]
[11.893282890319824]
[2.2597968578338623]
[1.5947999954223633]
[0.5979416966438293]
[1.9140700101852417]
[92.666015625]
[0.77594393491745]
[1.586153268814087]
[2.705188035964966]
[2.0599915981292725]
[3.71665096282959]
[1.0703425407409668]
[3.5171542167663574]
[6.4877495765686035]
[0.8776571154594421]
[129.0445556640625]
[86.3195571899414]
[0.4726444482803345]
[4.409184455871582]
[0.22790974378585815]
[4.105002403259277]
[2.4799814224243164]
[4.664375305175781]
[2.508236885070801]
[2.6181652545928955]
[0.2986447215080261]
[150.91554260253906]
[8.435515403747559]
[491.51214599609375]
[55.21797180175781]
[4.741622447967529]
[4.5806779861450195]
[2.3786072731018066]
[2.2193968296051025]
[1.5989187955856323]
[3.8778131008148193]
[2.767641544342041]
[11.611734390258789]
[0.8160220980644226]
[270.3694763183594]
[10.10086441040039]
[7.6464362144470215]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.8001460433006287]
[121.0323715209961]
[8.279305458068848]
[3.611199140548706]
[0.3492684066295624]
[80.3325424194336]
[103.3944320678711]
[6.166998863220215]
[159.48330688476562]
[5.780652046203613]
[3.9893853664398193]
[0.7267376184463501]
[5.741400241851807]
[2.424299716949463]
[4.748797416687012]
[8.883384704589844]
[7.94000244140625]
[0.7646986246109009]
[1.6139023303985596]
[7.389914035797119]
[150.81265258789062]
[225.2455291748047]
[0.523880660533905]
[3.164328098297119]
[7.499472618103027]
[4.902502059936523]
[13.531895637512207]
[8.016806602478027]
[437.3643798828125]
[2.1656484603881836]
[72.3156967163086]
[10.04601764678955]
[6.112354278564453]
[2.996847152709961]
[11.385586738586426]
[21.554258346557617]
[4.698859214782715]
[5.020054817199707]
[1.8121691942214966]
[1.991949439048767]
[265.9417724609375]
[0.757854700088501]
[0.6423240900039673]
[86.3796615600586]
[3.823023796081543]
[10.781660079956055]
[2.5971274375915527]
[6.4631667137146]
[3.8766493797302246]
[3.070019245147705]
[325.2796936035156]
[2.645712375640869]
[1.500898003578186]
[0.6937575340270996]
[0.5926169753074646]
[7.050706386566162]
[0.3965718448162079]
[0.7897992134094238]
[0.19362413883209229]
[1.9934254884719849]
[3.7132935523986816]
[0.762410581111908]
[5.315185070037842]
[11.979652404785156]
[8.275296211242676]
[109.44577026367188]
[112.70223999023438]
[6.526259899139404]
[2.1800241470336914]
[117.7837142944336]
[6.373724460601807]
[2.0953726768493652]
[0.4292169213294983]
[3.033444881439209]
[3.5756676197052]
[0.4955434501171112]
[0.9837101101875305]
[4.292009353637695]
[0.408679723739624]
[1.9342405796051025]
[331.3616027832031]
[6.535407066345215]
[127.0485610961914]
[150.07699584960938]
[4.497094631195068]
[2.3663363456726074]
[0.22912374138832092]
[0.475195974111557]
[373.2410583496094]
[7.179727554321289]
[32.62226486206055]
[4.51563835144043]
[2.666422128677368]
[5.8343424797058105]
[6.226500034332275]
[0.18960775434970856]
[5.2702836990356445]
[5.961016654968262]
[2.080373764038086]
[8.14276123046875]
[0.8902671933174133]
[4.533010005950928]
[112.33512878417969]
[213.54129028320312]
[0.34846580028533936]
[0.8550306558609009]
[0.30610302090644836]
[5.946262836456299]
[5.013969898223877]
[5.943716526031494]
[0.19037142395973206]
[1.649330496788025]
[19.523855209350586]
[0.7226532101631165]
[1.4838943481445312]
[3.207768440246582]
[2.1441266536712646]
[4.919683933258057]
[1.86698317527771]
[1.2736015319824219]
[5.570960521697998]
[23.310195922851562]
[8.780559539794922]
[8.322937965393066]
[265.4552917480469]
[126.80577087402344]
[0.33630606532096863]
[0.18751771748065948]
[11.016069412231445]
[114.05975341796875]
[4.148860931396484]
[14.63224983215332]
[2.44639253616333]
[105.88130187988281]
[2.421983003616333]
[5.17405891418457]
[9.192925453186035]
[79.4315414428711]
[3.8411574363708496]
[1.1550880670547485]
[3.5319223403930664]
[5.6070404052734375]
[0.42344772815704346]
[1.8591270446777344]
[3.5784573554992676]
[3.93110990524292]
[13.637520790100098]
[2.3047051429748535]
[6.773680210113525]
[0.4924302399158478]
[84.55994415283203]
[6.2265305519104]
[9.32090950012207]
[5.0338969230651855]
[11.203875541687012]
[8.927477836608887]
[60.36001968383789]
[1.207922339439392]
[10.039544105529785]
[196.01849365234375]
[0.35865986347198486]
[2.895366907119751]
[12.462869644165039]
[4.394383430480957]
[11.52096176147461]
[1.0336806774139404]
[0.5569332838058472]
[7.939120292663574]
[2.586106300354004]
[20.661148071289062]
[2.8423895835876465]
[4.846230983734131]
[14.240972518920898]
[2.1678900718688965]
[6.368951797485352]
[0.42774495482444763]
[0.36216244101524353]
[3.465590715408325]
[5.05177640914917]
[99.53528594970703]
[14.521358489990234]
[118.1874008178711]
[1.3714537620544434]
[75.43218231201172]
[0.3057411313056946]
[0.46583694219589233]
[7.343893051147461]
[2.0210318565368652]
[7.8476080894470215]
[0.14682872593402863]
[10.1748628616333]
[3.640604257583618]
[2.13736891746521]
[0.13376599550247192]
[2.4088783264160156]
[81.32948303222656]
[78.14213562011719]
[2.700321912765503]
[5.2973313331604]
[0.47113037109375]
[9.483153343200684]
[226.33392333984375]
[0.30995216965675354]
[0.5580618977546692]
[171.89710998535156]
[474.97735595703125]
[2.323499917984009]
[35.94436264038086]
[76.47447967529297]
[1.9258248805999756]
[27.087247848510742]
[8.543244361877441]
[1.5836025476455688]
[0.8910566568374634]
[6.060184478759766]
[8.915914535522461]
[6.873641490936279]
[0.6468205451965332]
[2.05391263961792]
[12.235751152038574]
[0.3648291826248169]
[383.63201904296875]
[1.8561911582946777]
[4.362564563751221]
[4.611146450042725]
[0.38077518343925476]
[2.487363338470459]
[18.290735244750977]
[5.376748561859131]
[11.8175048828125]
[122.3037109375]
[1.2814899682998657]
[0.4349963366985321]
[0.6517511010169983]
[163.73135375976562]
[4.052693843841553]
[6.704591751098633]
[7.328495502471924]
[1.8732131719589233]
[5.271177768707275]
[3.221295118331909]
[12.232151985168457]
[91.06808471679688]
[6.843926906585693]
[13.556135177612305]
[3.279357671737671]
[5.635087490081787]
[4.325396537780762]
[5.57241153717041]
[26.02914047241211]
[15.052550315856934]
[2.556049108505249]
[205.31924438476562]
[4.4482340812683105]
[3.275294780731201]
[1.3185930252075195]
[50.251834869384766]
[3.402569055557251]
[4.093096733093262]
[0.4508691430091858]
[0.6598066091537476]
[1.8633203506469727]
[1.5666712522506714]
[5.627816200256348]
[3.7892229557037354]
[1.5141098499298096]
[2.836465835571289]
[19.517656326293945]
[4.047318935394287]
[2.477832794189453]
[4.571086406707764]
[7.9826483726501465]
[4.527284145355225]
[0.2523152530193329]
[113.46171569824219]
[77.00714111328125]
[0.20391830801963806]
[0.48481082916259766]
[5.988119602203369]
[0.8432782888412476]
[2.7479519844055176]
[15.725764274597168]
[0.12084488570690155]
[57.709659576416016]
[1.850408911705017]
[4.00231409072876]
[0.7058422565460205]
[1.1066440343856812]
[0.1507066935300827]
[3.06437349319458]
[86.57597351074219]
[80.49006652832031]
[4.97714376449585]
[44.92422866821289]
[0.3460841476917267]
[0.5109626054763794]
[6.233967304229736]
[0.33754652738571167]
[170.31248474121094]
[2.2027781009674072]
[346.44561767578125]
[0.4807729721069336]
[118.73504638671875]
[2.5871570110321045]
[0.4566262364387512]
[3.5891928672790527]
[1.6178311109542847]
[0.7057031393051147]
[1.4738574028015137]
[4.634556770324707]
[301.01385498046875]
[7.085020542144775]
[3.7586987018585205]
[2.5419228076934814]
[0.15409141778945923]
[122.01689147949219]
[2.865473985671997]
[1.8887187242507935]
[4.706802845001221]
[5.640505313873291]
[24.101598739624023]
[5.074889659881592]
[0.3380753993988037]
[0.3660455644130707]
[0.7875612378120422]
[93.34469604492188]
[116.63972473144531]
[2.8872313499450684]
[1.9191720485687256]
[1.6797170639038086]
[4.835458755493164]
[1.1094235181808472]
[2.3784232139587402]
[10.962406158447266]
[10.925518035888672]
[10.654106140136719]
[2.333197832107544]
[3.580993413925171]
[0.3255525231361389]
[1.816606879234314]
[0.5913861989974976]
[6.4364447593688965]
[2.1544177532196045]
[4.500065803527832]
[0.39913779497146606]
[2.7293219566345215]
[143.8533172607422]
[133.99990844726562]
[1.4091885089874268]
[43.13982009887695]
[22.587085723876953]
[0.6570621728897095]
[0.5287526845932007]
[4.95620584487915]
[1.118371844291687]
[0.6937302947044373]
[711.677490234375]
[2.2434961795806885]
[2.046187400817871]
[2.8000104427337646]
[8.801968574523926]
[0.9836858510971069]
[8.970060348510742]
[732.6898193359375]
[10.335155487060547]
[2.2633907794952393]
[4.517011642456055]
[0.23700320720672607]
[4.267219066619873]
[3.8524112701416016]
[143.6987762451172]
[0.26089799404144287]
[1.8133448362350464]
[9.333146095275879]
[5.273585796356201]
[16.51459312438965]
[10.333586692810059]
[5.050622940063477]
[7.277637958526611]
[2.4716968536376953]
[1.1750845909118652]
[549.8446655273438]
[0.4581298530101776]
[11.282193183898926]
[3.1423330307006836]
[6.50319766998291]
[1.3734490871429443]
[4.121774673461914]
[8.661541938781738]
[363.2755126953125]
[14.478928565979004]
[8.637360572814941]
[2.6761624813079834]
[187.11663818359375]
[1.517322063446045]
[28.785341262817383]
[3.284358024597168]
[1.9832839965820312]
[8.820847511291504]
[6.918278694152832]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[85.9555435180664]
[0.45920634269714355]
[1.1672098636627197]
[1.2171754837036133]
[7.611297130584717]
[110.71969604492188]
[3.0415964126586914]
[1.4690021276474]
[3.2772061824798584]
[1.818721055984497]
[6.331465244293213]
[6.849245071411133]
[6.003301620483398]
[1.1915695667266846]
[0.31066733598709106]
[1.1750792264938354]
[1.8536169528961182]
[0.18486791849136353]
[0.9317739009857178]
[0.5347407460212708]
[0.551746129989624]
[0.7054064869880676]
[1.3542892932891846]
[149.72390747070312]
[1.3178797960281372]
[2.115145444869995]
[254.541015625]
[10.127881050109863]
[0.43728935718536377]
[6.604172229766846]
[0.1318373680114746]
[163.50338745117188]
[0.4909824728965759]
[0.4718247652053833]
[1.214843988418579]
[78.7229232788086]
[1.6264243125915527]
[0.45906075835227966]
[2.0376834869384766]
[0.6051197648048401]
[0.9615159034729004]
[0.18474170565605164]
[2.0089547634124756]
[148.65576171875]
[1.0889438390731812]
[4.636468410491943]
[0.4916803240776062]
[2.646317481994629]
[2.4248294830322266]
[6.191977024078369]
[9.41435718536377]
[2.1924619674682617]
[75.48458099365234]
[0.22274711728096008]
[3.9187755584716797]
[280.00653076171875]
[1.274825930595398]
[0.20202495157718658]
[1.1127290725708008]
[6.491497993469238]
[72.45145416259766]
[0.21075092256069183]
[0.9485720992088318]
[0.34155821800231934]
[5.950723171234131]
[1.0873613357543945]
[97.05799865722656]
[7.061506271362305]
[1.1824991703033447]
[0.9369773268699646]
[4.207895278930664]
[2.054389238357544]
[2.3881545066833496]
[6.668729782104492]
[135.18064880371094]
[0.9442636966705322]
[73.4844970703125]
[2.1698131561279297]
[2.0231077671051025]
[134.86669921875]
[2.7362091541290283]
[1.9180734157562256]
[2.818953037261963]
[23.418027877807617]
[0.7887794375419617]
[56.644561767578125]
[2.537196397781372]
[0.7842566967010498]
[0.39268267154693604]
[8.629734992980957]
[80.90763854980469]
[0.8269675374031067]
[4.1840972900390625]
[6.099764823913574]
[44.354854583740234]
[0.3041720986366272]
[8.4561128616333]
[1.0030468702316284]
[1.006749153137207]
[3.8061068058013916]
[0.44644874334335327]
[1.0868735313415527]
[1.3910011053085327]
[2.829575300216675]
[6.6384596824646]
[4.2721848487854]
[0.43232810497283936]
[1.6372674703598022]
[4.422650337219238]
[18.47248077392578]
[3.0885632038116455]
[2.8727059364318848]
[5.8223114013671875]
[5.202871799468994]
[120.93539428710938]
[13.450545310974121]
[17.532634735107422]
[0.18913890421390533]
[1.586240530014038]
[5.260034561157227]
[0.7794640064239502]
[126.20176696777344]
[10.27203369140625]
[145.74473571777344]
[5.236960411071777]
[0.15772755444049835]
[0.9062076807022095]
[3.1090331077575684]
[1.7499058246612549]
[9.140759468078613]
[0.20694291591644287]
[3.5523593425750732]
[211.4881591796875]
[1.0618666410446167]
[0.40006089210510254]
[125.34213256835938]
[9.991162300109863]
[0.2586275339126587]
[5.640643119812012]
[0.1682843416929245]
[2.585516929626465]
[0.22526411712169647]
[7.856603622436523]
[122.2274398803711]
[39.762176513671875]
[97.43746185302734]
[1.882379174232483]
[66.16253662109375]
[1.103329062461853]
[1.545059084892273]
[1.1215972900390625]
[0.20206524431705475]
[68.09619903564453]
[153.85971069335938]
[0.2303343564271927]
[6.4134392738342285]
[6.568699836730957]
[0.5887455940246582]
[186.8150634765625]
[1.0128097534179688]
[4.792074203491211]
[13.824545860290527]
[4.244714736938477]
[7.809716701507568]
[95.86380767822266]
[3.872957468032837]
[1.8012934923171997]
[77.34871673583984]
[2.31402325630188]
[6.284123420715332]
[8.14743709564209]
[5.478646278381348]
[10.660622596740723]
[0.1754353940486908]
[78.17528533935547]
[1.6053520441055298]
[294.1050720214844]
[6.958700180053711]
[4.378249645233154]
[0.21307916939258575]
[1.6348947286605835]
[11.580480575561523]
[3.5548887252807617]
[7.112494468688965]
[1.8318970203399658]
[1.3650078773498535]
[2.0932939052581787]
[8.215093612670898]
[0.1532396376132965]
[62.2393798828125]
[9.2791109085083]
[0.8635123372077942]
[0.4970323145389557]
[3.590791702270508]
[44.42919921875]
[1.2025803327560425]
[2.8539679050445557]
[158.9987335205078]
[0.26067084074020386]
[2.3618881702423096]
[165.9254913330078]
[8.496862411499023]
[1.3154313564300537]
[8.022193908691406]
[14.309467315673828]
[2.7663750648498535]
[1.10477876663208]
[11.16530990600586]
[1.121687650680542]
[3.4433960914611816]
[0.6669448018074036]
[6.365037441253662]
[0.7640054225921631]
[17.219684600830078]
[3.431696891784668]
[1.1522455215454102]
[2.9239253997802734]
[1.764515995979309]
[0.4463231563568115]
[6.02791690826416]
[0.30109459161758423]
[0.4094676971435547]
[2.2803194522857666]
[1.5931073427200317]
[10.029715538024902]
[0.81667160987854]
[1.764866828918457]
[6.320642471313477]
[0.45335501432418823]
[0.20107387006282806]
[1.0662133693695068]
[1.3762753009796143]
[21.213449478149414]
[1.259324312210083]
[129.44400024414062]
[1.9775395393371582]
[1.5222758054733276]
[23.873083114624023]
[0.36657267808914185]
[1.780277132987976]
[2.0865607261657715]
[3.4740076065063477]
[11.281837463378906]
[85.60926818847656]
[1.8156921863555908]
[1.7948740720748901]
[1.9089388847351074]
[0.24356378614902496]
[75.02259063720703]
[2.687276840209961]
[1.408504605293274]
[4.079624176025391]
[162.9860382080078]
[7.632321357727051]
[5.413060188293457]
[0.5757659673690796]
[1.5069189071655273]
[9.232848167419434]
[6.5317158699035645]
[1.8201851844787598]
[1.350183129310608]
[0.18213705718517303]
[1.1443661451339722]
[0.9451897144317627]
[196.9741668701172]
[90.98599243164062]
[12.103250503540039]
[82.21160888671875]
[0.9117270112037659]
[0.6956484913825989]
[1.6490261554718018]
[6.756009101867676]
[9.006091117858887]
[0.859530508518219]
[11.396903991699219]
[261.0329284667969]
[1.1008130311965942]
[0.7723148465156555]
[6.8656086921691895]
[0.40815621614456177]
[11.647482872009277]
[2.799335241317749]
[0.8184764385223389]
[2.516993284225464]
[2.388866424560547]
[11.635560035705566]
[2.500345468521118]
[0.5808250904083252]
[3.183894634246826]
[0.7510623931884766]
[0.694736659526825]
[1.5038052797317505]
[3.553875207901001]
[6.074059009552002]
[7.506683826446533]
[0.2270141988992691]
[179.9026336669922]
[4.3921003341674805]
[0.32885321974754333]
[14.19036865234375]
[15.999080657958984]
[0.15762431919574738]
[0.28912726044654846]
[1.691422462463379]
[110.71463775634766]
[1.8041011095046997]
[198.72914123535156]
[0.8060787916183472]
[1.3128104209899902]
[19.26056671142578]
[6.984061241149902]
[1.262040138244629]
[0.2353082299232483]
[36.230892181396484]
[1.2283918857574463]
[3.224133014678955]
[0.4173142611980438]
[295.29815673828125]
[1.833378553390503]
[116.98237609863281]
[2.7642934322357178]
[5.842221736907959]
[2.3494253158569336]
[5.768327236175537]
[3.2677559852600098]
[2.1808671951293945]
[15.094620704650879]
[101.01454162597656]
[15.348084449768066]
[9.331049919128418]
[0.5687988996505737]
[0.18686585128307343]
[3.182342290878296]
[0.9570664167404175]
[0.7489513158798218]
[5.552418231964111]
[4.147738933563232]
[6.890358924865723]
[6.66300106048584]
[5.349600791931152]
[1.6661113500595093]
[9.485923767089844]
[2.6856398582458496]
[1.7294808626174927]
[2.059957504272461]
[2.692446708679199]
[4.978920936584473]
[0.34585803747177124]
[1.8627887964248657]
[2.1840310096740723]
[4.491854190826416]
[5.255190372467041]
[1.750514030456543]
[2.3138420581817627]
[3.562999963760376]
[26.773025512695312]
[2.9908838272094727]
[0.3297201991081238]
[0.14959010481834412]
[1.238481879234314]
[1.9789018630981445]
[4.377982139587402]
[0.5105583667755127]
[0.3600345551967621]
[88.40691375732422]
[0.30112916231155396]
[0.7564284801483154]
[1.1335673332214355]
[78.95864868164062]
[2.386904001235962]
[0.3077045977115631]
[0.17732250690460205]
[677.7430419921875]
[0.3397645056247711]
[0.5137376189231873]
[5.454740524291992]
[4.234804630279541]
[1.9068304300308228]
[4.537172317504883]
[0.5988749861717224]
[1.5548226833343506]
[4.676701068878174]
[213.65089416503906]
[6.351837635040283]
[21.409704208374023]
[3.6382229328155518]
[124.66561889648438]
[3.178215742111206]
[1.0776933431625366]
[0.5652035474777222]
[0.5246036052703857]
[8.985061645507812]
[6.374457359313965]
[3.202481985092163]
[3.4000518321990967]
[4.05305290222168]
[6.438344955444336]
[5.94502067565918]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.1545782089233398]
[1.8599574565887451]
[2.3745968341827393]
[287.5328063964844]
[167.94168090820312]
[0.516112744808197]
[15.59100341796875]
[0.9297480583190918]
[0.14438259601593018]
[14.172294616699219]
[1.4788365364074707]
[1.1980541944503784]
[3.525780439376831]
[0.6320304274559021]
[15.406100273132324]
[4.113769054412842]
[246.65672302246094]
[21.231260299682617]
[6.537369251251221]
[7.736810684204102]
[19.11290740966797]
[0.1369207501411438]
[6.362265586853027]
[0.15073104202747345]
[8.742698669433594]
[145.4755401611328]
[7.881434440612793]
[5.741062641143799]
[0.4093351662158966]
[17.7834529876709]
[6.2107038497924805]
[3.975402593612671]
[65.95201873779297]
[1.5752739906311035]
[68.34256744384766]
[8.029128074645996]
[8.055642127990723]
[6.157236099243164]
[0.5762537121772766]
[123.59420776367188]
[76.73860931396484]
[297.4456787109375]
[3.2824676036834717]
[6.483648777008057]
[0.7510756850242615]
[1.1053733825683594]
[15.401494979858398]
[1.2770274877548218]
[0.917675793170929]
[5.479008674621582]
[5.295218467712402]
[187.86099243164062]
[1.8783226013183594]
[1.599979281425476]
[235.74154663085938]
[0.3475930392742157]
[0.4435424506664276]
[1.7991100549697876]
[10.194260597229004]
[0.4636593163013458]
[1.935030221939087]
[130.46084594726562]
[2.2762703895568848]
[2.401791572570801]
[117.28038024902344]
[2.580955743789673]
[209.70484924316406]
[3.5842490196228027]
[2.521162271499634]
[1.3992304801940918]
[76.42988586425781]
[1.270358681678772]
[1.9757038354873657]
[4.720248222351074]
[1.7134983539581299]
[3.6937623023986816]
[9.258856773376465]
[0.6148706674575806]
[21.191221237182617]
[2.4740421772003174]
[4.991262435913086]
[0.9243382215499878]
[6.4347147941589355]
[1.6163220405578613]
[7.7983198165893555]
[5.5710129737854]
[0.35892149806022644]
[0.334555447101593]
[2.364281415939331]
[0.36406826972961426]
[0.9222932457923889]
[4.717641353607178]
[2.870353937149048]
[0.5515739321708679]
[232.20335388183594]
[0.47823914885520935]
[1.4084547758102417]
[1.6028456687927246]
[2.74507999420166]
[0.31019121408462524]
[4.8097968101501465]
[7.054928779602051]
[98.23542785644531]
[0.4830314517021179]
[4.553208827972412]
[0.3695451319217682]
[5.4209489822387695]
[1.242493748664856]
[0.5631282329559326]
[2.5913586616516113]
[2.626863718032837]
[54.76274871826172]
[5.487159252166748]
[0.8493034839630127]
[106.20719909667969]
[1.606237530708313]
[2.3821752071380615]
[104.6360092163086]
[290.0288391113281]
[150.01539611816406]
[140.50729370117188]
[1.9845622777938843]
[1.961392879486084]
[15.485851287841797]
[37.73128890991211]
[175.08050537109375]
[0.14537540078163147]
[100.71023559570312]
[5.037137508392334]
[7.408212184906006]
[6.442773818969727]
[108.12728881835938]
[5.2196245193481445]
[0.317178875207901]
[2.5350396633148193]
[5.607430458068848]
[13.049365997314453]
[5.7532782554626465]
[210.9649200439453]
[31.73163604736328]
[5.540632247924805]
[5.845768928527832]
[6.693678379058838]
[6.49978494644165]
[11.399469375610352]
[0.8568390607833862]
[172.40206909179688]
[4.63837194442749]
[0.5562616586685181]
[0.13282451033592224]
[3.988016128540039]
[5.322038650512695]
[11.932840347290039]
[4.9454498291015625]
[0.29189106822013855]
[0.14201690256595612]
[7.180402755737305]
[4.914135456085205]
[7.949861526489258]
[1.1950500011444092]
[2.3883814811706543]
[5.483439922332764]
[0.46531450748443604]
[3.9756484031677246]
[6.672733306884766]
[2.712613821029663]
[1.5499240159988403]
[5.003375053405762]
[294.4158020019531]
[97.83000183105469]
[0.2653963565826416]
[0.8672319054603577]
[1.4083915948867798]
[1.544517159461975]
[2.5478718280792236]
[6.10915470123291]
[14.603084564208984]
[1.6497890949249268]
[5.110458850860596]
[5.299196243286133]
[0.9207518100738525]
[6.612614154815674]
[0.29222044348716736]
[3.195911169052124]
[4.735283851623535]
[5.55946159362793]
[34.82436752319336]
[0.31838488578796387]
[1.0372743606567383]
[0.40028733015060425]
[0.5016433596611023]
[4.622110366821289]
[4.236851692199707]
[6.688659191131592]
[1.2848896980285645]
[0.35317137837409973]
[9.315430641174316]
[50.06631851196289]
[2.178344488143921]
[1.9300832748413086]
[1.2681005001068115]
[117.74055480957031]
[2.7612545490264893]
[2.124220371246338]
[0.35266736149787903]
[2.150562047958374]
[3.1887588500976562]
[27.44094467163086]
[0.33538818359375]
[23.675395965576172]
[0.857784628868103]
[93.6720199584961]
[0.2012454867362976]
[223.09527587890625]
[0.46177440881729126]
[280.0816650390625]
[2.546940565109253]
[5.102721691131592]
[0.15328556299209595]
[2.9713191986083984]
[7.641160488128662]
[9.966651916503906]
[0.6568496823310852]
[4.867221832275391]
[8.077095031738281]
[0.49837103486061096]
[0.6318754553794861]
[4.11101770401001]
[100.00083923339844]
[75.01029968261719]
[7.150331974029541]
[5.896416187286377]
[6.854952335357666]
[0.13253968954086304]
[17.457752227783203]
[0.38427048921585083]
[5.374139785766602]
[75.32035064697266]
[11.24456787109375]
[4.143867492675781]
[4.816892623901367]
[5.677872180938721]
[4.743515968322754]
[4.326770305633545]
[0.2813003659248352]
[2.2912492752075195]
[2.511134147644043]
[5.207902908325195]
[0.3043685257434845]
[8.239358901977539]
[38.852943420410156]
[0.3325778841972351]
[0.34111031889915466]
[0.16417282819747925]
[3.024092674255371]
[6.398768901824951]
[10.220303535461426]
[4.7359161376953125]
[2.8805806636810303]
[3.3766305446624756]
[92.24852752685547]
[1.909886360168457]
[238.8128662109375]
[0.11662927269935608]
[131.52896118164062]
[0.3289029598236084]
[0.2512902319431305]
[16.447187423706055]
[101.87918090820312]
[4.115647315979004]
[2.0848915576934814]
[5.778509616851807]
[1.106693983078003]
[52.8328742980957]
[0.22352640330791473]
[15.398119926452637]
[0.16649749875068665]
[2.507063865661621]
[1.9590253829956055]
[0.35360631346702576]
[3.1432266235351562]
[3.396926164627075]
[0.24693563580513]
[1.3106380701065063]
[2.118699312210083]
[3.5194015502929688]
[2.076244592666626]
[3.628843307495117]
[7.018373966217041]
[2.719836950302124]
[78.55921173095703]
[1.7217991352081299]
[15.369721412658691]
[104.17375946044922]
[29.95574378967285]
[79.64570617675781]
[68.55640411376953]
[89.45838165283203]
[0.5552530884742737]
[1.6370011568069458]
[0.5196083188056946]
[1.1654154062271118]
[1.1058709621429443]
[5.45133113861084]
[2.458981513977051]
[6.765744686126709]
[55.03330612182617]
[0.21266771852970123]
[0.2624828517436981]
[0.2721976041793823]
[1.4748016595840454]
[6.295083045959473]
[0.43841105699539185]
[1.2224416732788086]
[1.2515177726745605]
[1.1477550268173218]
[1.7592451572418213]
[4.540761470794678]
[1.0894502401351929]
[8.171947479248047]
[1.1408703327178955]
[73.71436309814453]
[6.2524003982543945]
[6.379110336303711]
[3.7200350761413574]
[38.25995635986328]
[3.094170331954956]
[1.037448525428772]
[7.249990463256836]
[7.969438552856445]
[1.2117482423782349]
[102.074462890625]
[0.6027916073799133]
[29.223474502563477]
[112.34967803955078]
[0.24650715291500092]
[3.0021181106567383]
[0.3677128851413727]
[11.053374290466309]
[0.248438760638237]
[5.745781421661377]
[43.27927780151367]
[1.4933009147644043]
[4.366837978363037]
[3.8789217472076416]
[117.97467803955078]
[141.84033203125]
[1.2631686925888062]
[4.569198131561279]
[1.385218858718872]
[1.7849293947219849]
[7.748851776123047]
[3.7574236392974854]
[0.3596422076225281]
[1.3006783723831177]
[1.010769009590149]
[8.370038032531738]
[1.4104679822921753]
[87.5350570678711]
[86.33697509765625]
[3.247831106185913]
[0.291231244802475]
[1.32666015625]
[2.2980661392211914]
[1.8278908729553223]
[0.2759617567062378]
[1.9716218709945679]
[7.9301347732543945]
[5.963741302490234]
[0.34008243680000305]
[4.044702529907227]
[7.879278182983398]
[0.2676345705986023]
[1.2562475204467773]
[0.6976056098937988]
[7.6372246742248535]
[0.08665309846401215]
[1.4279656410217285]
[0.21219007670879364]
[0.19874189794063568]
[2.7769880294799805]
[10.281486511230469]
[4.33065128326416]
[0.19092637300491333]
[5.523194789886475]
[4.362194061279297]
[56.78207015991211]
[3.442471504211426]
[0.28737151622772217]
[3.763298988342285]
[0.7764129638671875]
[7.684636116027832]
[1.6226553916931152]
[3.638939142227173]
[81.29085540771484]
[6.3964385986328125]
[0.7184453010559082]
[0.3877381384372711]
[4.56625509262085]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[108.19471740722656]
[1.1111587285995483]
[53.8365592956543]
[2.4081382751464844]
[1.5476776361465454]
[0.1993570327758789]
[12.61461067199707]
[2.874211311340332]
[10.8905029296875]
[5.406341552734375]
[5.354359149932861]
[13.624866485595703]
[0.1900748759508133]
[3.3940114974975586]
[0.5003291964530945]
[0.8668010234832764]
[5.786169052124023]
[0.3671039938926697]
[2.5373029708862305]
[266.5250244140625]
[0.19556358456611633]
[9.561484336853027]
[7.107052803039551]
[651.8556518554688]
[3.4099647998809814]
[1.2551079988479614]
[8.701313972473145]
[8.292553901672363]
[1.7700984477996826]
[1.7550461292266846]
[2.933100938796997]
[0.257562518119812]
[142.9768524169922]
[4.648184776306152]
[8.968509674072266]
[42.498661041259766]
[3.508457899093628]
[131.31820678710938]
[3.989375591278076]
[125.38980102539062]
[5.864776134490967]
[10.261727333068848]
[0.8382909893989563]
[1.7090884447097778]
[0.35687023401260376]
[72.52953338623047]
[1.6539030075073242]
[1.235090732574463]
[0.1863795667886734]
[1.6302642822265625]
[2.867976188659668]
[5.541985034942627]
[302.6449890136719]
[0.3166561722755432]
[81.89466094970703]
[0.9301244616508484]
[311.86944580078125]
[71.69325256347656]
[2.1691534519195557]
[0.25349751114845276]
[6.878971099853516]
[335.39105224609375]
[2.8506155014038086]
[15.590746879577637]
[201.3388671875]
[4.748888969421387]
[20.68199920654297]
[184.5220947265625]
[2.4722275733947754]
[3.040318250656128]
[4.566811561584473]
[1.7656725645065308]
[1.5450347661972046]
[5.518762588500977]
[0.6632576584815979]
[9.250585556030273]
[6.261947154998779]
[1.1954162120819092]
[2.1706011295318604]
[10.424003601074219]
[0.5366114974021912]
[2.894876003265381]
[6.388851165771484]
[4.390638828277588]
[6.046643257141113]
[2.1527435779571533]
[2.447885513305664]
[4.552746772766113]
[0.3843303918838501]
[2.802950143814087]
[1.8186521530151367]
[5.740200042724609]
[6.119317054748535]
[9.165809631347656]
[86.10171508789062]
[1.4049381017684937]
[2.282926559448242]
[1.5780726671218872]
[68.92351531982422]
[0.13609740138053894]
[11.815267562866211]
[0.4675832688808441]
[4.815922737121582]
[124.6174087524414]
[57.17178726196289]
[64.50236511230469]
[7.3786420822143555]
[1.8987394571304321]
[11.934793472290039]
[0.7592372298240662]
[259.20025634765625]
[0.4532870948314667]
[13.064286231994629]
[6.956071853637695]
[129.39739990234375]
[3.6941356658935547]
[8.83822250366211]
[0.11958921700716019]
[0.9376823902130127]
[3.4632997512817383]
[2.586601495742798]
[5.245110988616943]
[0.12842974066734314]
[16.1862735748291]
[4.339964389801025]
[0.310208797454834]
[0.3320735692977905]
[6.9543867111206055]
[0.5153792500495911]
[7.942646026611328]
[1.4397064447402954]
[23.52518081665039]
[5.497194290161133]
[2.4703073501586914]
[17.4737491607666]
[0.8654258847236633]
[79.85101318359375]
[1.7172578573226929]
[133.73226928710938]
[200.78097534179688]
[0.6559366583824158]
[0.6564436554908752]
[110.15636444091797]
[2.723240852355957]
[0.39014095067977905]
[2.7988204956054688]
[118.69705200195312]
[0.8208680152893066]
[5.248981475830078]
[4.4678168296813965]
[0.5099696516990662]
[5.118122577667236]
[36.96818542480469]
[9.422752380371094]
[67.51472473144531]
[5.434332847595215]
[2.3709936141967773]
[10.054725646972656]
[1.945376992225647]
[0.16999585926532745]
[4.721514701843262]
[1.3003201484680176]
[1.6124818325042725]
[84.74029541015625]
[2.882808208465576]
[0.5422926545143127]
[3.1408278942108154]
[4.603410243988037]
[0.6209405660629272]
[2.550130844116211]
[0.3841935992240906]
[50.431480407714844]
[1.6946098804473877]
[1.509229302406311]
[69.58629608154297]
[1.9306429624557495]
[0.3369393050670624]
[0.5343264937400818]
[89.45703887939453]
[5.416153430938721]
[0.702229380607605]
[0.4449556767940521]
[2.7285828590393066]
[0.1860819011926651]
[0.12689094245433807]
[78.6836929321289]
[1.927055835723877]
[0.3666664958000183]
[4.2834696769714355]
[3.7942354679107666]
[5.690566539764404]
[0.3679681718349457]
[1.2941102981567383]
[6.996859073638916]
[0.9030511379241943]
[3.0410959720611572]
[33.070518493652344]
[0.2179291844367981]
[1.106460452079773]
[0.5062376260757446]
[147.39866638183594]
[0.8165119290351868]
[0.6401974558830261]
[9.266693115234375]
[0.1057933047413826]
[5.561251640319824]
[4.754356861114502]
[4.012399196624756]
[6.447256565093994]
[0.8605722784996033]
[3.467836380004883]
[3.558805227279663]
[1.6746468544006348]
[80.39938354492188]
[5.137197971343994]
[135.15086364746094]
[7.6965107917785645]
[0.9776983857154846]
[8.547110557556152]
[7.884396553039551]
[0.2954145669937134]
[1.1857004165649414]
[163.8037567138672]
[60.849185943603516]
[21.629589080810547]
[0.36705443263053894]
[0.36552321910858154]
[4.832815170288086]
[5.352993011474609]
[2.2569658756256104]
[1.2609703540802002]
[0.5957905054092407]
[1.233271837234497]
[6.262094020843506]
[2.0443060398101807]
[1.0566655397415161]
[0.1426573544740677]
[5.414363384246826]
[9.48836898803711]
[5.354722499847412]
[0.929229199886322]
[7.208828926086426]
[66.92548370361328]
[3.157702922821045]
[1.4719754457473755]
[0.33766815066337585]
[1.9843053817749023]
[260.5770568847656]
[0.43730464577674866]
[1.4400608539581299]
[1.09080171585083]
[5.765963554382324]
[1.2856314182281494]
[51.753822326660156]
[5.398937225341797]
[8.066137313842773]
[214.11679077148438]
[11.335567474365234]
[0.5004083514213562]
[135.54287719726562]
[15.270153999328613]
[1.527970552444458]
[1.2725166082382202]
[8.2822265625]
[1.386040449142456]
[0.7286804914474487]
[4.613173484802246]
[4.424657344818115]
[1.308894395828247]
[1.517530083656311]
[3.2780449390411377]
[72.4023666381836]
[97.93545532226562]
[2.6729068756103516]
[301.42559814453125]
[0.7479438185691833]
[0.7840973138809204]
[0.29158470034599304]
[186.2076416015625]
[3.2837395668029785]
[106.39193725585938]
[82.86734008789062]
[87.63755798339844]
[5.820731163024902]
[8.145044326782227]
[0.8940585851669312]
[1.8086977005004883]
[76.86023712158203]
[216.37246704101562]
[304.171142578125]
[9.419807434082031]
[8.497461318969727]
[0.7319271564483643]
[0.9865984320640564]
[63.819705963134766]
[1.4648568630218506]
[291.8648376464844]
[74.67959594726562]
[3.3143441677093506]
[11.332139015197754]
[4.557755947113037]
[0.8810140490531921]
[1.2646338939666748]
[4.7916579246521]
[150.59478759765625]
[1.436862587928772]
[179.11302185058594]
[10.371508598327637]
[1.8578115701675415]
[9.138076782226562]
[1.4800288677215576]
[70.39276885986328]
[0.32186996936798096]
[2.8211793899536133]
[2.6759142875671387]
[10.640719413757324]
[142.8750762939453]
[4.523632526397705]
[119.64599609375]
[36.48872375488281]
[0.8042067885398865]
[4.896334648132324]
[72.13021850585938]
[15.566161155700684]
[25.924522399902344]
[2.3126049041748047]
[0.17946098744869232]
[2.085725784301758]
[5.940855503082275]
[7.344868183135986]
[6.175843715667725]
[6.218436241149902]
[0.338028222322464]
[2.1872599124908447]
[1.9407577514648438]
[4.324555397033691]
[2.1490073204040527]
[5.839747428894043]
[54.293418884277344]
[3.8562052249908447]
[3.5206735134124756]
[0.9147597551345825]
[1.434188961982727]
[4.325590133666992]
[0.761574387550354]
[94.98332214355469]
[1.2034186124801636]
[36.91861343383789]
[1.4117721319198608]
[62.6690788269043]
[1.0716497898101807]
[6.83803653717041]
[166.29061889648438]
[0.19244492053985596]
[0.6142664551734924]
[0.6105160713195801]
[0.7461114525794983]
[2.013805389404297]
[88.90098571777344]
[2.259305000305176]
[2.3977346420288086]
[3.331277370452881]
[5.7233147621154785]
[5.931725025177002]
[2.0285561084747314]
[1.881699562072754]
[2.1851933002471924]
[1.2781387567520142]
[3.236924409866333]
[3.2537992000579834]
[171.61886596679688]
[1.3477668762207031]
[3.7464966773986816]
[88.80223846435547]
[52.04335403442383]
[0.46581897139549255]
[8.431293487548828]
[5.4955315589904785]
[7.906095027923584]
[0.17659573256969452]
[170.45387268066406]
[14.929773330688477]
[53.80137634277344]
[0.2970477044582367]
[76.77217102050781]
[1.6065239906311035]
[1.0840847492218018]
[111.6706771850586]
[0.4514225721359253]
[0.3486907184123993]
[1.4398553371429443]
[12.895817756652832]
[105.04945373535156]
[142.2186737060547]
[9.808491706848145]
[113.49601745605469]
[0.29646071791648865]
[0.37610629200935364]
[124.76729583740234]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[137.60646057128906]
[4.337785720825195]
[1.0136072635650635]
[2.162125587463379]
[0.6503946781158447]
[5.776628017425537]
[110.9271011352539]
[221.7032470703125]
[6.176926136016846]
[20.394847869873047]
[5.24649715423584]
[0.388406366109848]
[3.019401788711548]
[8.303927421569824]
[1.1431390047073364]
[10.049330711364746]
[12.085880279541016]
[16.054519653320312]
[0.20207825303077698]
[2.122224807739258]
[0.1982358992099762]
[11.23121452331543]
[769.3594360351562]
[7.747949600219727]
[1.2040618658065796]
[1.5038870573043823]
[0.2612791657447815]
[12.271173477172852]
[0.2197151631116867]
[4.758790493011475]
[18.314929962158203]
[51.7584228515625]
[0.7425072193145752]
[15.254903793334961]
[21.178510665893555]
[10.055115699768066]
[57.36727523803711]
[14.191091537475586]
[0.42791786789894104]
[15.175188064575195]
[145.73553466796875]
[7.519445419311523]
[1.9000855684280396]
[90.8242416381836]
[6.444531440734863]
[76.87812805175781]
[7.074101448059082]
[89.08443450927734]
[1.2837899923324585]
[1.7083098888397217]
[12.405309677124023]
[23.755176544189453]
[1.924648404121399]
[0.652378261089325]
[0.32170045375823975]
[11.592011451721191]
[7.430077075958252]
[1.059732437133789]
[94.21490478515625]
[77.8772201538086]
[5.474119663238525]
[1.370814323425293]
[7.726395130157471]
[4.556131839752197]
[1.1074634790420532]
[0.6582076549530029]
[2.937171697616577]
[10.107978820800781]
[0.434243381023407]
[0.23684605956077576]
[1.7065762281417847]
[1.8634772300720215]
[28.14020347595215]
[1.3238126039505005]
[4.358948707580566]
[33.90119934082031]
[2.558011054992676]
[293.7136535644531]
[0.18872566521167755]
[2.3294172286987305]
[7.258474826812744]
[109.17640686035156]
[0.5699798464775085]
[250.95269775390625]
[0.9575406908988953]
[1.1866941452026367]
[5.900960922241211]
[2.322913885116577]
[2.6470861434936523]
[1.2070482969284058]
[8.415939331054688]
[6.054122447967529]
[104.41346740722656]
[24.4124813079834]
[5.984575271606445]
[3.918687343597412]
[11.055283546447754]
[4.01258659362793]
[185.5111083984375]
[1.6989593505859375]
[7.012642860412598]
[6.02035665512085]
[3.1325576305389404]
[2.230139970779419]
[0.5775571465492249]
[7.576519966125488]
[100.63214874267578]
[0.5819523334503174]
[4.703985691070557]
[5.295163154602051]
[0.318447083234787]
[8.753501892089844]
[3.2186312675476074]
[4.1429667472839355]
[104.0017318725586]
[2.9855589866638184]
[7.344244480133057]
[1.8798686265945435]
[42.395328521728516]
[131.5664520263672]
[1.522737741470337]
[6.0783371925354]
[2.3836941719055176]
[3.05865478515625]
[0.8171288967132568]
[0.7964439988136292]
[17.75690460205078]
[1.726633906364441]
[69.53736877441406]
[0.8189010620117188]
[2.6211464405059814]
[1.1892632246017456]
[0.34987449645996094]
[2.168360948562622]
[24.273374557495117]
[6.006724834442139]
[0.22370564937591553]
[0.1475553810596466]
[2.301203727722168]
[4.356598377227783]
[0.22674362361431122]
[0.20854337513446808]
[0.5765613317489624]
[59.96751022338867]
[0.4512110948562622]
[9.610326766967773]
[0.8779028058052063]
[8.081700325012207]
[12.542376518249512]
[1.522535800933838]
[1.5782264471054077]
[73.44547271728516]
[4.880349636077881]
[0.6233019232749939]
[0.1392284780740738]
[2.716770648956299]
[0.5565496683120728]
[1.013331651687622]
[2.6235709190368652]
[4.673211574554443]
[0.20880478620529175]
[135.26390075683594]
[0.4797554016113281]
[89.2660903930664]
[0.015948528423905373]
[0.17142000794410706]
[3.02439546585083]
[7.801823616027832]
[121.61724853515625]
[2.86806583404541]
[8.138215065002441]
[0.11535810679197311]
[137.1190185546875]
[0.5584201216697693]
[2.854814052581787]
[0.19618594646453857]
[0.4324414134025574]
[4.779590606689453]
[97.32711029052734]
[0.34738489985466003]
[0.7965744733810425]
[8.097179412841797]
[0.12672896683216095]
[96.58979797363281]
[0.12786510586738586]
[0.3230658769607544]
[6.600640296936035]
[7.637847423553467]
[1.2220849990844727]
[2.6552932262420654]
[0.2247202843427658]
[6.935860633850098]
[5.317200183868408]
[0.9769307971000671]
[2853.5458984375]
[0.9581664204597473]
[4.330013275146484]
[1.5684196949005127]
[3.0148699283599854]
[21.492172241210938]
[8.86587905883789]
[458.4029541015625]
[51.510555267333984]
[156.1953887939453]
[60.00749206542969]
[18.756465911865234]
[136.3225555419922]
[1.9697086811065674]
[171.4276580810547]
[33.44300079345703]
[8.081633567810059]
[19.502161026000977]
[143.1732940673828]
[1.1786032915115356]
[3.2829103469848633]
[29.158004760742188]
[2.714700937271118]
[12.785701751708984]
[17.85064697265625]
[26.60272979736328]
[0.6781736016273499]
[211.7821044921875]
[0.6895347833633423]
[24.312925338745117]
[2.350027322769165]
[15.897252082824707]
[15.154838562011719]
[2.9498674869537354]
[8.213269233703613]
[5.484383583068848]
[1.9400955438613892]
[0.7831689715385437]
[7.4251179695129395]
[3.953561305999756]
[87.08985137939453]
[124.21110534667969]
[2.6619014739990234]
[0.9228494167327881]
[96.78650665283203]
[42.89674377441406]
[24.209840774536133]
[6.0073957443237305]
[4.4992899894714355]
[1.3360867500305176]
[295.199462890625]
[15.394282341003418]
[42.16547393798828]
[4.308497905731201]
[5.76938533782959]
[8.756989479064941]
[1.8205760717391968]
[7.510936737060547]
[31.843202590942383]
[11.840932846069336]
[32.6597785949707]
[1.6093593835830688]
[7.924914360046387]
[69.13540649414062]
[2.589747667312622]
[14.429295539855957]
[3.8316681385040283]
[5.416994571685791]
[12.37951374053955]
[3.2630743980407715]
[2.191185235977173]
[3.061939001083374]
[1.3938735723495483]
[4.0313262939453125]
[4.80351448059082]
[1.3863730430603027]
[2.7151434421539307]
[0.5644697546958923]
[0.47891196608543396]
[1.586997389793396]
[1.6122791767120361]
[0.59517502784729]
[8.40049934387207]
[3.3715314865112305]
[1.170451045036316]
[103.04452514648438]
[20.494159698486328]
[2.2229583263397217]
[1.2246239185333252]
[10.478216171264648]
[0.5634506344795227]
[9.103440284729004]
[375.1759033203125]
[41.26292037963867]
[2.3043627738952637]
[0.40354377031326294]
[0.5087478756904602]
[10.068718910217285]
[16.329404830932617]
[43.84181594848633]
[8.749557495117188]
[2.134767770767212]
[0.2643892168998718]
[4.668871879577637]
[1.3302613496780396]
[2.662776231765747]
[8.218798637390137]
[4.8194169998168945]
[3.845301866531372]
[97.34112548828125]
[1.1625820398330688]
[0.5925134420394897]
[80.10753631591797]
[0.32368001341819763]
[1.536731243133545]
[2.6215381622314453]
[5.096282005310059]
[8.0493745803833]
[16.262344360351562]
[0.5349797010421753]
[1.253796100616455]
[1.377579927444458]
[2.7874643802642822]
[0.2159956693649292]
[0.6062985062599182]
[19.882545471191406]
[20.039518356323242]
[70.50448608398438]
[9.136908531188965]
[1.071160078048706]
[80.06817626953125]
[5.410196304321289]
[0.7999844551086426]
[116.0339126586914]
[5.5197625160217285]
[71.5420150756836]
[2.791119337081909]
[11.868719100952148]
[1.929906964302063]
[14.5036039352417]
[0.7323200702667236]
[38.77534866333008]
[0.11561315506696701]
[0.4954896569252014]
[0.8987524509429932]
[0.3920162320137024]
[82.18578338623047]
[0.8942294120788574]
[7.002619743347168]
[11.105419158935547]
[11.517843246459961]
[2.5934455394744873]
[9.590228080749512]
[3.6555380821228027]
[22.58050537109375]
[2.435927152633667]
[0.0966796949505806]
[0.7296267151832581]
[0.8220454454421997]
[3.2935657501220703]
[0.6964931488037109]
[31.18206214904785]
[1.4109525680541992]
[0.6614300012588501]
[4.423548698425293]
[4.608590602874756]
[1.8926668167114258]
[1.0445754528045654]
[2.2029409408569336]
[5.317792892456055]
[63.68564987182617]
[3.948115587234497]
[0.18192902207374573]
[291.6424560546875]
[3.7766709327697754]
[196.95230102539062]
[5.407925605773926]
[7.90989875793457]
[0.4808484613895416]
[5.297458648681641]
[0.26183614134788513]
[0.7405511736869812]
[9.671760559082031]
[1.3298907279968262]
[0.466709703207016]
[48.20547866821289]
[8.739651679992676]
[7.818643569946289]
[6.6304521560668945]
[2.370683431625366]
[4.652885437011719]
[7.75583028793335]
[0.5566805005073547]
[2.5840044021606445]
[0.7211968898773193]
[6.874447822570801]
[4.305544853210449]
[14.465323448181152]
[1.2070993185043335]
[1.1859437227249146]
[2.558281660079956]
[1.6677402257919312]
[1.4621349573135376]
[3.699030876159668]
[156.37974548339844]
[99.04023742675781]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[6.560197830200195]
[2.1508970260620117]
[9.041126251220703]
[125.20215606689453]
[4.661591053009033]
[1.5739717483520508]
[0.13490158319473267]
[6.9766845703125]
[109.6594009399414]
[118.8200912475586]
[74.44458770751953]
[0.23981715738773346]
[134.73321533203125]
[5.741138458251953]
[209.8300323486328]
[1.6298431158065796]
[73.5413589477539]
[41.41242218017578]
[3.6772589683532715]
[213.8218994140625]
[29.8853702545166]
[2.2609670162200928]
[5.117793083190918]
[139.6543426513672]
[7.129145622253418]
[271.36004638671875]
[0.46845221519470215]
[1.3044302463531494]
[70.19635009765625]
[3.6807451248168945]
[2.8923702239990234]
[2.121612787246704]
[1.8130364418029785]
[8.594206809997559]
[9.969023704528809]
[0.950751543045044]
[6.054388523101807]
[7.924360275268555]
[2.071425437927246]
[8.669890403747559]
[2.8725314140319824]
[2.8138740062713623]
[7.827574253082275]
[8.22671127319336]
[5.713285446166992]
[9.507216453552246]
[1.3374130725860596]
[118.7751235961914]
[1.6252729892730713]
[3.518127202987671]
[2.5551538467407227]
[3.804347276687622]
[0.8055643439292908]
[1.8793296813964844]
[9.42386245727539]
[8.322192192077637]
[1.6808902025222778]
[2.5194461345672607]
[3.2361104488372803]
[66.47686004638672]
[1.7684346437454224]
[127.56438446044922]
[1.5752625465393066]
[6.090175151824951]
[4.703973293304443]
[3.730891704559326]
[2.485407829284668]
[1.6112273931503296]
[10.651579856872559]
[2.024505376815796]
[0.8393014669418335]
[4.025761604309082]
[4.332301139831543]
[153.8946075439453]
[0.8139239549636841]
[1.6950825452804565]
[12.359248161315918]
[1960.447509765625]
[1.680162787437439]
[4.055169105529785]
[5.777546405792236]
[1.2117081880569458]
[15.408561706542969]
[1.6036574840545654]
[174.6173095703125]
[216.0889129638672]
[12.834975242614746]
[30.336606979370117]
[0.5731180310249329]
[10.00831127166748]
[5.4653706550598145]
[26.694171905517578]
[20.035627365112305]
[1.8840152025222778]
[26.54315757751465]
[1.7922838926315308]
[168.9432830810547]
[995.3118896484375]
[182.46372985839844]
[3.157700300216675]
[25.958209991455078]
[7.767636299133301]
[11.812557220458984]
[65.61886596679688]
[5.249217510223389]
[5.705060005187988]
[9.741022109985352]
[8.869778633117676]
[23.83294677734375]
[15.980158805847168]
[19.31367301940918]
[5.100279331207275]
[0.5564700961112976]
[27.4746036529541]
[15.957027435302734]
[11.486860275268555]
[81.59902954101562]
[16.067771911621094]
[12.816023826599121]
[858.8546752929688]
[5.189404487609863]
[3.348428726196289]
[22.382051467895508]
[73.16476440429688]
[4.703774929046631]
[8.807927131652832]
[90.46200561523438]
[1.830552101135254]
[10.849382400512695]
[5.09630012512207]
[8.279143333435059]
[10.777194023132324]
[3.7631447315216064]
[18.796905517578125]
[0.7306469678878784]
[1.390353798866272]
[36.48434066772461]
[93.84696960449219]
[11.2991361618042]
[7.9711408615112305]
[2.452026128768921]
[0.6677143573760986]
[4.618935585021973]
[15.782855033874512]
[2380.763427734375]
[6.927068710327148]
[236.53341674804688]
[0.5409581065177917]
[3.612004280090332]
[10.752036094665527]
[27.44113540649414]
[10.159858703613281]
[370.5067443847656]
[10.144582748413086]
[8.766205787658691]
[4.606771945953369]
[84.84043884277344]
[13.961194038391113]
[33.76107406616211]
[9.69082260131836]
[16.23098373413086]
[293.0244445800781]
[15.813612937927246]
[209.73983764648438]
[171.05996704101562]
[5.644869804382324]
[5.119629383087158]
[5.136810779571533]
[4.992016792297363]
[13.322724342346191]
[0.6151777505874634]
[9.961103439331055]
[0.869942307472229]
[6.8748955726623535]
[0.9392503499984741]
[14.657177925109863]
[4.439321994781494]
[15.33004379272461]
[0.3436836898326874]
[0.919421374797821]
[15.955316543579102]
[4.008103847503662]
[2.859071969985962]
[808.665283203125]
[6.712563514709473]
[13.784061431884766]
[1.0680084228515625]
[9.667869567871094]
[6.5317840576171875]
[88.65392303466797]
[6.354925155639648]
[6.778252124786377]
[96.52870178222656]
[13.701210975646973]
[3.793275833129883]
[17.969905853271484]
[43.27083969116211]
[0.5440500974655151]
[5.200283050537109]
[352.08184814453125]
[158.6189422607422]
[2.8009700775146484]
[114.8628158569336]
[1.457732081413269]
[116.52030181884766]
[0.9506688714027405]
[4.332073211669922]
[0.8472718596458435]
[3.316490888595581]
[2.8556880950927734]
[4.148346424102783]
[4.666326999664307]
[5.469266414642334]
[0.9903351068496704]
[3.3359713554382324]
[0.34616050124168396]
[8.059772491455078]
[6.2457594871521]
[83.17948150634766]
[5.586973667144775]
[5.59368896484375]
[120.67864227294922]
[108.4887924194336]
[8.925655364990234]
[1.777644395828247]
[4.5299296379089355]
[0.956378698348999]
[108.28573608398438]
[5.220922470092773]
[0.3230084478855133]
[0.9876803755760193]
[7.7138495445251465]
[5.288485050201416]
[3.037210702896118]
[3.6116387844085693]
[1.4697871208190918]
[19.515708923339844]
[105.59867858886719]
[1.0248030424118042]
[0.4333046078681946]
[5.8047895431518555]
[0.26934027671813965]
[3.802556037902832]
[61.02528381347656]
[0.21134960651397705]
[171.1153564453125]
[0.7183470129966736]
[0.21036384999752045]
[8.48758316040039]
[6.748671054840088]
[7.242922306060791]
[37.34703826904297]
[12.65014934539795]
[0.2336595207452774]
[155.8383331298828]
[7.043971538543701]
[5.733470439910889]
[10.848955154418945]
[15.603482246398926]
[1.5646699666976929]
[1.5356947183609009]
[146.25762939453125]
[77.02660369873047]
[127.234375]
[330.4898376464844]
[0.42812415957450867]
[4.077863693237305]
[6.312664985656738]
[2.768281936645508]
[1.7520495653152466]
[6.929503917694092]
[1.708976149559021]
[0.5715535879135132]
[7.185377597808838]
[2.4354119300842285]
[1.357462763786316]
[1.1242704391479492]
[0.5516347885131836]
[0.24208123981952667]
[1.0595406293869019]
[0.4431423842906952]
[2.9343247413635254]
[4.075596809387207]
[3.0406272411346436]
[0.48483210802078247]
[6.858720302581787]
[2.7774345874786377]
[113.28915405273438]
[0.8068755269050598]
[0.21391181647777557]
[181.26658630371094]
[1.5332218408584595]
[74.1399154663086]
[4.892913341522217]
[1.9937885999679565]
[5.1184868812561035]
[5.347283840179443]
[0.37090927362442017]
[80.5049057006836]
[92.84632110595703]
[2.739929437637329]
[0.7101113796234131]
[0.30574795603752136]
[23.320236206054688]
[111.43634033203125]
[114.8873062133789]
[145.51417541503906]
[0.28748461604118347]
[0.27086541056632996]
[96.72937774658203]
[234.76910400390625]
[7.996063709259033]
[8.302621841430664]
[0.2772620916366577]
[0.406393438577652]
[76.33798217773438]
[0.19642287492752075]
[0.16638828814029694]
[5.65054178237915]
[87.9715347290039]
[5.635485649108887]
[5.102852821350098]
[10.580849647521973]
[5.898212432861328]
[4.2560954093933105]
[289.68658447265625]
[0.494883269071579]
[0.4890320897102356]
[2.21044659614563]
[4.992635726928711]
[2.441567897796631]
[6.504456043243408]
[13.281730651855469]
[0.1707220822572708]
[108.94192504882812]
[1.1475396156311035]
[2.942939043045044]
[2.2605059146881104]
[1.128737449645996]
[2.1660306453704834]
[8.207847595214844]
[0.6241871118545532]
[166.0365447998047]
[6.5170063972473145]
[5.528450965881348]
[1.0217500925064087]
[6.741016387939453]
[1.7253494262695312]
[82.93679809570312]
[9.220219612121582]
[2.206070899963379]
[0.3692045509815216]
[4.2374653816223145]
[667.785888671875]
[1.1775175333023071]
[0.896451473236084]
[4.9502973556518555]
[12.72571086883545]
[5.412198066711426]
[0.38043326139450073]
[7.370073318481445]
[2.8712899684906006]
[14.360032081604004]
[5.126724720001221]
[5.2435173988342285]
[3.8429739475250244]
[0.8398776054382324]
[72.0875015258789]
[5.802973747253418]
[9.486762046813965]
[2.626358985900879]
[103.06661987304688]
[69.51443481445312]
[2.654745101928711]
[5.014235496520996]
[86.06564331054688]
[0.37576353549957275]
[3.4110894203186035]
[3.969104290008545]
[5.6611151695251465]
[5.364111423492432]
[15.892059326171875]
[0.5518109202384949]
[59.857479095458984]
[20.632587432861328]
[16.064903259277344]
[1.8495569229125977]
[115.02392578125]
[4.148615837097168]
[4.9781880378723145]
[10.060259819030762]
[0.4939361810684204]
[5.037527561187744]
[2.781142234802246]
[4.784661293029785]
[1.5340570211410522]
[9.821030616760254]
[2.637970209121704]
[1.1933389902114868]
[8.300344467163086]
[154.23287963867188]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[8.5462064743042]
[188.45632934570312]
[0.39004164934158325]
[5.975062847137451]
[7.595112323760986]
[2.971450090408325]
[2.250089645385742]
[1.7967033386230469]
[126.32306671142578]
[2.021899461746216]
[101.8764877319336]
[0.3351760506629944]
[272.9259033203125]
[0.4204748570919037]
[0.8925207257270813]
[0.3584008514881134]
[2.843815565109253]
[1.5085327625274658]
[210.86505126953125]
[1.2503681182861328]
[0.18778830766677856]
[18.01889991760254]
[7.331525802612305]
[3.566412925720215]
[99.51935577392578]
[4.7002339363098145]
[1.720588207244873]
[2.730968952178955]
[12.265673637390137]
[1.6746958494186401]
[3.1212775707244873]
[100.15042877197266]
[5.8120436668396]
[92.17655944824219]
[9.320560455322266]
[3.4381508827209473]
[0.49159756302833557]
[5.741490364074707]
[4.078094005584717]
[7.390333652496338]
[1.5465587377548218]
[19.445816040039062]
[0.6219162940979004]
[11.352062225341797]
[0.45462554693222046]
[2.6589322090148926]
[2.0439608097076416]
[4.274132251739502]
[18.803449630737305]
[18.799592971801758]
[40.14363098144531]
[0.8983843922615051]
[0.1632997840642929]
[0.2520519495010376]
[101.3948745727539]
[0.8194646239280701]
[0.37856316566467285]
[3.592405319213867]
[1.6483806371688843]
[3.8297293186187744]
[0.29029473662376404]
[4.82512092590332]
[62.259159088134766]
[0.19739584624767303]
[0.28683924674987793]
[98.92279052734375]
[177.44773864746094]
[4.995846748352051]
[140.0072021484375]
[15.21839714050293]
[0.3411569595336914]
[2.367311477661133]
[4.35775089263916]
[32.61127471923828]
[1.8429795503616333]
[3.040559768676758]
[0.6669428944587708]
[2.684922695159912]
[2.9304256439208984]
[3.304973840713501]
[0.9264556169509888]
[0.305439829826355]
[6.219275951385498]
[5.941046714782715]
[101.25048828125]
[0.4346996545791626]
[4.846822738647461]
[8.848511695861816]
[0.1470240354537964]
[0.3020332455635071]
[0.160255566239357]
[3.5273003578186035]
[2.329977512359619]
[78.81658935546875]
[2.935849666595459]
[0.23622234165668488]
[0.4983411431312561]
[2.366976261138916]
[0.2514142692089081]
[2.5826103687286377]
[4.774399757385254]
[0.20504391193389893]
[4.6055588722229]
[9.417486190795898]
[6.335127353668213]
[70.1188735961914]
[1.764252781867981]
[0.5857916474342346]
[0.1410367488861084]
[0.8072350025177002]
[1.8550324440002441]
[30.672019958496094]
[1.1386529207229614]
[0.13216659426689148]
[0.6761078834533691]
[0.8622720241546631]
[2.505448818206787]
[2.0202150344848633]
[36.5596809387207]
[1.2991108894348145]
[5.464532375335693]
[1.2138526439666748]
[1.8770595788955688]
[0.7185217142105103]
[8.0360746383667]
[8.0606050491333]
[3.838418483734131]
[0.6450254917144775]
[1.279323697090149]
[0.29809513688087463]
[1.3507146835327148]
[57.77565383911133]
[1.7788114547729492]
[0.15281595289707184]
[82.85531616210938]
[81.48690032958984]
[2.173957109451294]
[0.4902277886867523]
[284.317138671875]
[5.267404079437256]
[0.5718427896499634]
[110.058837890625]
[72.58539581298828]
[1.621309518814087]
[9.744635581970215]
[198.9912872314453]
[0.1460784524679184]
[1.2076630592346191]
[0.7702764868736267]
[6.3613691329956055]
[1.0927915573120117]
[3.1097567081451416]
[1.4758362770080566]
[0.3383781313896179]
[0.8556367754936218]
[17.537126541137695]
[1.7221194505691528]
[4.271266937255859]
[0.3606327176094055]
[10.686651229858398]
[69.50572967529297]
[8.981661796569824]
[1.2643077373504639]
[112.7448959350586]
[1.6784226894378662]
[2.856962203979492]
[6.413179397583008]
[2.700364589691162]
[4.402198791503906]
[7.333489894866943]
[299.9166259765625]
[4.563930511474609]
[137.92298889160156]
[5.341018199920654]
[2.1698203086853027]
[61.81748580932617]
[116.3675765991211]
[3.225912094116211]
[2.459190607070923]
[26.68903160095215]
[5.605230808258057]
[5.566485404968262]
[2.5374090671539307]
[2.7599258422851562]
[3.9744644165039062]
[7.566971302032471]
[0.8087955713272095]
[3.2149083614349365]
[3.8448522090911865]
[2.0450997352600098]
[2.4874041080474854]
[7.388187885284424]
[1.6613340377807617]
[1.5402756929397583]
[73.72404479980469]
[0.9845186471939087]
[110.24292755126953]
[8.005428314208984]
[2.9564292430877686]
[3.824522018432617]
[258.5442199707031]
[7.043171405792236]
[23.531909942626953]
[0.8632468581199646]
[5.563882827758789]
[1.4900974035263062]
[0.610263466835022]
[0.1719871163368225]
[1.9608895778656006]
[0.9130153059959412]
[5.307746410369873]
[0.2461891770362854]
[1.2951382398605347]
[1.0725346803665161]
[132.44801330566406]
[0.885316789150238]
[2.137540340423584]
[8.768263816833496]
[5.029230117797852]
[9.781508445739746]
[3.8356473445892334]
[2.7704949378967285]
[0.1868109554052353]
[3.1090340614318848]
[0.8880282640457153]
[5.450991153717041]
[0.3825606107711792]
[2.445660352706909]
[122.5625228881836]
[0.1555592268705368]
[92.72373962402344]
[1.9541563987731934]
[69.96752166748047]
[113.0106430053711]
[4.621145248413086]
[0.1481495052576065]
[4.065618515014648]
[103.94056701660156]
[23.62993621826172]
[0.4316406548023224]
[158.61856079101562]
[304.12451171875]
[2.3674275875091553]
[2.4030895233154297]
[5.527952194213867]
[13.480247497558594]
[1.2680262327194214]
[1.0270954370498657]
[0.9960904121398926]
[0.4038456976413727]
[1.685498833656311]
[47.290565490722656]
[70.35881805419922]
[3.4900338649749756]
[0.4717138707637787]
[0.5238852500915527]
[6.805922031402588]
[153.50628662109375]
[272.2796936035156]
[3.699843406677246]
[7.044607639312744]
[1.4052966833114624]
[4.644006252288818]
[1.7201194763183594]
[3.696816921234131]
[0.9588749408721924]
[84.86468505859375]
[2.1426520347595215]
[4.955734729766846]
[4.430242538452148]
[2.2185888290405273]
[0.8681055307388306]
[13.939696311950684]
[1.451962947845459]
[3.285062313079834]
[72.54228210449219]
[260.1005859375]
[5.602505683898926]
[11.076162338256836]
[1.9091975688934326]
[3.2273645401000977]
[3.986348867416382]
[41.33113098144531]
[1.091953992843628]
[4.294369220733643]
[3.915414333343506]
[1.205796480178833]
[3.9560210704803467]
[3.850173234939575]
[4.6069464683532715]
[0.4449523687362671]
[11.39657974243164]
[1.8392068147659302]
[5.558788299560547]
[24.28219223022461]
[1.5823149681091309]
[5.041228294372559]
[1.2244807481765747]
[0.8284053802490234]
[2.634519100189209]
[0.972628116607666]
[3.734621047973633]
[1.8333847522735596]
[1.9235639572143555]
[0.5297799110412598]
[3.2236831188201904]
[0.2678989768028259]
[129.25009155273438]
[1.0415629148483276]
[177.9582061767578]
[143.2384796142578]
[0.5466878414154053]
[1.389811396598816]
[1.4110784530639648]
[4.993552207946777]
[3.6284477710723877]
[2.6058926582336426]
[2.167724847793579]
[0.9060609936714172]
[13.059972763061523]
[1.597746729850769]
[1.128705382347107]
[18.31073760986328]
[6.023298263549805]
[245.03933715820312]
[7.3002729415893555]
[3.5223443508148193]
[4.897130489349365]
[10.971668243408203]
[4.645320892333984]
[2.3585546016693115]
[1.5933847427368164]
[0.9756060838699341]
[7.2475104331970215]
[172.26788330078125]
[4.1826491355896]
[1.2165286540985107]
[0.26474878191947937]
[2.3137502670288086]
[8.029017448425293]
[139.9796905517578]
[14.248392105102539]
[86.80956268310547]
[217.3088836669922]
[0.4165410101413727]
[0.17425040900707245]
[94.4753646850586]
[315.32440185546875]
[1.5423704385757446]
[1.1645420789718628]
[125.8457260131836]
[2.024653434753418]
[112.73059844970703]
[1.8814876079559326]
[5.886384963989258]
[2.5680007934570312]
[32.611114501953125]
[2.737239360809326]
[57.12052917480469]
[4.829921245574951]
[1.4180604219436646]
[0.7303217053413391]
[0.9844701290130615]
[4.565340995788574]
[1.5102570056915283]
[95.3205795288086]
[68.1058120727539]
[6.438251972198486]
[4.774394989013672]
[0.1952364295721054]
[287.2920227050781]
[2.093940019607544]
[1.0464086532592773]
[5.570812225341797]
[2.1080942153930664]
[1.9114406108856201]
[0.9474440217018127]
[9.944009780883789]
[2.0697412490844727]
[199.06642150878906]
[2.651385545730591]
[1.307967185974121]
[325.92742919921875]
[0.2658696174621582]
[0.47365033626556396]
[16.432178497314453]
[53.407005310058594]
[1.915911078453064]
[16.181659698486328]
[7.109447002410889]
[31.045591354370117]
[9.216726303100586]
[10.020894050598145]
[0.7438493371009827]
[7.013118743896484]
[242.5242919921875]
[5.320815563201904]
[10.831707954406738]
[3.2395803928375244]
[8.456194877624512]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.846771717071533]
[8.779621124267578]
[0.537691593170166]
[3.795985221862793]
[5.573671340942383]
[0.6962469220161438]
[85.21743774414062]
[3.840236186981201]
[5.491535663604736]
[7.1778974533081055]
[125.40851593017578]
[4.998281478881836]
[4.479552745819092]
[4.479729652404785]
[10.107839584350586]
[12.072429656982422]
[2.9030303955078125]
[4.476429462432861]
[0.48409339785575867]
[3.939749240875244]
[78.806640625]
[6.670358657836914]
[15.651208877563477]
[5.057371616363525]
[7.688334941864014]
[5.78505802154541]
[1.9614510536193848]
[3.158674955368042]
[352.1712951660156]
[3.791764497756958]
[6.735905170440674]
[4.161245822906494]
[0.6252143383026123]
[74.19995880126953]
[2.7593863010406494]
[74.0027847290039]
[34.132503509521484]
[1.1088345050811768]
[4.530792713165283]
[21.655044555664062]
[6.078291416168213]
[112.4603500366211]
[0.21509455144405365]
[4.037202835083008]
[5.087271213531494]
[0.35021185874938965]
[1.2276287078857422]
[4.991206645965576]
[74.11079406738281]
[0.27198007702827454]
[0.387935608625412]
[0.20061716437339783]
[0.19504810869693756]
[72.16056823730469]
[4.885284900665283]
[0.654296875]
[0.772194504737854]
[0.394514262676239]
[5.837330341339111]
[281.5120544433594]
[2.378023147583008]
[3.6604721546173096]
[1.561226487159729]
[2.291315793991089]
[3.9212801456451416]
[4.957204341888428]
[0.16063377261161804]
[1.3348965644836426]
[0.8803392648696899]
[152.99183654785156]
[0.3976094722747803]
[0.35530680418014526]
[4.198831081390381]
[1.237902045249939]
[1.4694342613220215]
[55.14126968383789]
[3.855165958404541]
[0.39230892062187195]
[3.6160333156585693]
[4.940040588378906]
[80.85133361816406]
[0.9846422672271729]
[0.19607028365135193]
[0.1808561384677887]
[1.8091915845870972]
[2.3709604740142822]
[5.532827377319336]
[11.618895530700684]
[4.804520606994629]
[0.6446557641029358]
[4.516277313232422]
[2.662316083908081]
[0.6937904953956604]
[10.106164932250977]
[39.0504035949707]
[54.852848052978516]
[3.7426023483276367]
[9.799859046936035]
[58.289852142333984]
[0.840049684047699]
[1.3237022161483765]
[4.242156505584717]
[0.427038311958313]
[2.2325005531311035]
[120.5744857788086]
[86.28482055664062]
[71.69921875]
[1.364059567451477]
[5.9747161865234375]
[10.234813690185547]
[5.603163242340088]
[0.7751615643501282]
[115.78955078125]
[0.24591603875160217]
[2.7557287216186523]
[13.78783893585205]
[5.317495822906494]
[7.143553256988525]
[20.805458068847656]
[5.348506450653076]
[0.21751071512699127]
[2.8243720531463623]
[5.271082878112793]
[1.804112195968628]
[64.05819702148438]
[1.1832460165023804]
[78.48047637939453]
[0.4165002703666687]
[0.17321956157684326]
[95.79318237304688]
[329.1412353515625]
[3.336543083190918]
[0.554152250289917]
[0.16503551602363586]
[171.65875244140625]
[0.27052974700927734]
[0.38929247856140137]
[81.11333465576172]
[11.138134956359863]
[9.94744873046875]
[4.436453342437744]
[11.726046562194824]
[0.7792814373970032]
[106.45240020751953]
[1.0184710025787354]
[1.792637586593628]
[35.798709869384766]
[0.3051890730857849]
[20.67535972595215]
[10.259477615356445]
[7.948554515838623]
[7.824445724487305]
[4.85391092300415]
[16.653789520263672]
[2.421233654022217]
[0.6519967913627625]
[4.902837753295898]
[2.6795530319213867]
[12.643689155578613]
[2.1763916015625]
[3.4166085720062256]
[4.021435737609863]
[2.047273635864258]
[3.762077569961548]
[4.5174455642700195]
[0.21485716104507446]
[3.2850146293640137]
[2.114743947982788]
[198.90367126464844]
[0.2825016677379608]
[5.6055073738098145]
[229.00311279296875]
[0.8224302530288696]
[0.7874960899353027]
[2.0796403884887695]
[0.6455173492431641]
[3.638383388519287]
[0.8252468109130859]
[63.741031646728516]
[1.2936508655548096]
[37.99031448364258]
[5.034821033477783]
[0.7021895051002502]
[1.3309051990509033]
[4.421016693115234]
[0.5450024604797363]
[116.23001861572266]
[166.28431701660156]
[92.70451354980469]
[4.0291218757629395]
[0.5978187918663025]
[128.62335205078125]
[0.556131899356842]
[8.354209899902344]
[3.389530658721924]
[2.5494508743286133]
[280.36798095703125]
[5.005035400390625]
[0.7792357802391052]
[1.8748890161514282]
[0.6870812773704529]
[0.4293386936187744]
[3.2201316356658936]
[0.5983487367630005]
[0.19509445130825043]
[10.577430725097656]
[3.815328359603882]
[8.365516662597656]
[16.410118103027344]
[6.461676120758057]
[1.5382282733917236]
[4.934198379516602]
[0.16448311507701874]
[1.043176293373108]
[1.2838433980941772]
[6.210886001586914]
[1.5412684679031372]
[2.2978878021240234]
[6.44061279296875]
[1.2433290481567383]
[0.8923771381378174]
[1.682867169380188]
[0.6341539621353149]
[1.4024478197097778]
[5.53561544418335]
[0.63750159740448]
[2.1714723110198975]
[3.3128890991210938]
[4.429425239562988]
[1.9637506008148193]
[2.3306632041931152]
[0.8840162754058838]
[0.5155468583106995]
[3.7597274780273438]
[4.236154079437256]
[5.492778301239014]
[1.383500576019287]
[3.6778674125671387]
[0.39316925406455994]
[6.541663646697998]
[2.762270927429199]
[0.8294726610183716]
[78.97679138183594]
[2.4428224563598633]
[0.1820155680179596]
[0.6226081848144531]
[4.021894931793213]
[109.5331802368164]
[194.3897705078125]
[0.17793923616409302]
[0.2663551867008209]
[0.9435575604438782]
[0.9427143335342407]
[2.273564100265503]
[0.32398709654808044]
[0.5011957287788391]
[0.7454913258552551]
[3.4478485584259033]
[0.042135294526815414]
[0.33529654145240784]
[3.74129056930542]
[0.8302397131919861]
[1.1677016019821167]
[0.16198019683361053]
[2.2955543994903564]
[0.26306280493736267]
[135.21395874023438]
[0.4049181342124939]
[0.21805070340633392]
[5.3238115310668945]
[1.3218166828155518]
[2.5642828941345215]
[49.94025802612305]
[2.541365623474121]
[98.87102508544922]
[0.5693798661231995]
[85.92432403564453]
[121.88089752197266]
[1.014393925666809]
[0.20740844309329987]
[1.8911491632461548]
[0.1489037275314331]
[0.3194747865200043]
[130.72779846191406]
[75.03878784179688]
[62.33217239379883]
[103.55095672607422]
[9.785765647888184]
[13.818697929382324]
[0.4659903645515442]
[197.20716857910156]
[4.5309624671936035]
[0.38951149582862854]
[4.53302526473999]
[78.09481811523438]
[0.14527826011180878]
[3.176989793777466]
[2.023052930831909]
[72.69668579101562]
[0.37946629524230957]
[232.8326416015625]
[1.9851187467575073]
[4.65544319152832]
[4.955634593963623]
[115.878662109375]
[0.38272303342819214]
[5.45040225982666]
[2.3594579696655273]
[0.624396562576294]
[2.311676502227783]
[0.999885618686676]
[287.5078430175781]
[7.9596266746521]
[8.310393333435059]
[2.5809555053710938]
[6.820894718170166]
[154.1415252685547]
[1.3696086406707764]
[2.0101301670074463]
[2.075622320175171]
[3.378566026687622]
[13.990007400512695]
[0.7244338989257812]
[1.0020434856414795]
[114.21863555908203]
[1.7855606079101562]
[82.17758178710938]
[74.75345611572266]
[106.55598449707031]
[3.306899070739746]
[62.44129943847656]
[5.355957508087158]
[123.0663070678711]
[2.9094107151031494]
[0.11752504110336304]
[129.24594116210938]
[807.3858032226562]
[3.5489041805267334]
[4.5038580894470215]
[79.86709594726562]
[0.20111209154129028]
[511.46209716796875]
[66.38153076171875]
[5.708264350891113]
[6.3679304122924805]
[5.329330921173096]
[5.496140003204346]
[1.6303454637527466]
[92.77437591552734]
[10.116968154907227]
[27.336450576782227]
[15.20040512084961]
[3.713259220123291]
[39.39999771118164]
[0.34642255306243896]
[7.243798732757568]
[66.99256134033203]
[339.4975891113281]
[14.622669219970703]
[7.620766639709473]
[355.1672668457031]
[713.1754760742188]
[67.39661407470703]
[3.0119879245758057]
[22.10556411743164]
[14.423718452453613]
[55.42375946044922]
[0.4184645712375641]
[1.25480318069458]
[10.792563438415527]
[0.4206920862197876]
[109.34832000732422]
[31.804357528686523]
[5.6749348640441895]
[24.862831115722656]
[6.633024215698242]
[11.046253204345703]
[195.9178924560547]
[18.197586059570312]
[0.4845796525478363]
[8.633404731750488]
[11.108519554138184]
[15.782710075378418]
[2.9465689659118652]
[14.90397834777832]
[17.584999084472656]
[6.266993522644043]
[0.8570477962493896]
[1.8237196207046509]
[6.836034774780273]
[2.2953977584838867]
[1.0421350002288818]
[12.002955436706543]
[7.352154731750488]
[19.982324600219727]
[2.933305263519287]
[37.95133972167969]
[97.83478546142578]
[2.7160165309906006]
[745.07861328125]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[6.415332794189453]
[5.050922393798828]
[0.3366827666759491]
[154.41616821289062]
[0.4193097651004791]
[61.490848541259766]
[5.223778247833252]
[0.6689276695251465]
[6.72200870513916]
[131.63482666015625]
[8.520696640014648]
[8.528072357177734]
[3.8539514541625977]
[0.4915463328361511]
[138.1727294921875]
[1.9010010957717896]
[2.118656873703003]
[1.630431056022644]
[77.5505142211914]
[63.712791442871094]
[7.978906154632568]
[0.8953957557678223]
[2.6088476181030273]
[6.025351524353027]
[19.564958572387695]
[2.652012348175049]
[7.95632791519165]
[0.47391998767852783]
[67.5496826171875]
[44.62090301513672]
[3.6915478706359863]
[1.037550926208496]
[8.687952995300293]
[6.5341033935546875]
[0.2144116759300232]
[4.428423881530762]
[6.1508588790893555]
[2.862095832824707]
[4.837873935699463]
[0.982465386390686]
[142.44149780273438]
[1.6682708263397217]
[0.3305708169937134]
[1.49110746383667]
[104.29827117919922]
[8.814688682556152]
[4.619274139404297]
[432.3780822753906]
[7.176565647125244]
[2.0344014167785645]
[1.9515818357467651]
[0.22485268115997314]
[191.48695373535156]
[0.24229274690151215]
[0.18400834500789642]
[80.07384490966797]
[6.348531723022461]
[4.23354434967041]
[0.45884639024734497]
[1.161760687828064]
[1.0828722715377808]
[14.626856803894043]
[1.9821957349777222]
[5.510278224945068]
[6.503504753112793]
[6.955843448638916]
[75.12554931640625]
[1.1617099046707153]
[0.14505453407764435]
[134.87911987304688]
[0.6935045719146729]
[0.6973579525947571]
[10.011073112487793]
[11.538142204284668]
[3.9164247512817383]
[38.9375114440918]
[1.3099417686462402]
[9.505143165588379]
[1.5771441459655762]
[11.706823348999023]
[0.48827990889549255]
[82.93869018554688]
[0.18671844899654388]
[0.9901239275932312]
[0.7634771466255188]
[1.5144821405410767]
[0.44158032536506653]
[3.6536753177642822]
[0.8217105269432068]
[234.53012084960938]
[8.736832618713379]
[1.630792498588562]
[4.835169792175293]
[1.6128991842269897]
[29.14789390563965]
[0.48658424615859985]
[10.001245498657227]
[5.50341796875]
[3.1749372482299805]
[14.75117301940918]
[0.8922542333602905]
[2.58620023727417]
[0.2766498625278473]
[6.558264255523682]
[2.6925060749053955]
[2.448538303375244]
[5.923677444458008]
[64.78681945800781]
[46.395782470703125]
[5.091508388519287]
[0.6612428426742554]
[22.488258361816406]
[7.505543231964111]
[0.4301067590713501]
[97.59387969970703]
[0.706658124923706]
[5.32614278793335]
[41.800621032714844]
[0.4062024652957916]
[0.5774800181388855]
[2.2155816555023193]
[1.5295192003250122]
[3.893105983734131]
[9.186963081359863]
[130.28411865234375]
[104.1523208618164]
[1.528554081916809]
[9.444696426391602]
[1.1941540241241455]
[0.16829271614551544]
[1.1302305459976196]
[0.1688864529132843]
[1.2438533306121826]
[0.24401727318763733]
[1.8416262865066528]
[1.6187771558761597]
[4.128607273101807]
[6.406411647796631]
[0.6250832676887512]
[0.39435845613479614]
[153.04296875]
[0.33102309703826904]
[2.4623875617980957]
[4.282984733581543]
[1.8969078063964844]
[0.18276184797286987]
[0.3428008258342743]
[6.69954776763916]
[4.643558502197266]
[2.364253044128418]
[0.818116307258606]
[2.2608437538146973]
[1.0795725584030151]
[7.538001537322998]
[2.0793092250823975]
[0.49298107624053955]
[0.26854750514030457]
[4.595449924468994]
[98.0275650024414]
[61.46043395996094]
[0.24381428956985474]
[3.3873353004455566]
[1.4326837062835693]
[1.4475479125976562]
[2.308525562286377]
[69.60968017578125]
[0.21244119107723236]
[15.208248138427734]
[2.0460805892944336]
[2.461456060409546]
[5.835323333740234]
[1.6130404472351074]
[0.7745895385742188]
[14.877965927124023]
[2.303154945373535]
[13.374373435974121]
[0.6763073801994324]
[26.448129653930664]
[10.209157943725586]
[1.525455355644226]
[1.6350985765457153]
[0.10857221484184265]
[0.16285179555416107]
[2.8011281490325928]
[0.7080203294754028]
[139.65481567382812]
[124.85096740722656]
[120.46080017089844]
[123.38192749023438]
[236.62535095214844]
[75.52882385253906]
[173.88992309570312]
[0.7947880029678345]
[1.1273319721221924]
[66.05855560302734]
[242.2507781982422]
[0.4250793159008026]
[2.4736876487731934]
[0.6693161725997925]
[0.7412948608398438]
[13.953208923339844]
[15.243699073791504]
[6.637289047241211]
[128.53753662109375]
[0.5805687308311462]
[55.22026443481445]
[1.0958597660064697]
[2.1767587661743164]
[0.7199935913085938]
[683.439453125]
[0.3082619607448578]
[0.1547226756811142]
[4.963533878326416]
[4.329605579376221]
[135.91470336914062]
[0.11748567223548889]
[0.47213128209114075]
[138.35906982421875]
[4.980123043060303]
[10.602304458618164]
[6.29277229309082]
[101.5923080444336]
[292.2027282714844]
[8.337799072265625]
[5.0612640380859375]
[97.97061157226562]
[2.7582085132598877]
[62.70903396606445]
[17.929956436157227]
[12.982054710388184]
[0.44183245301246643]
[108.71626281738281]
[0.40294238924980164]
[0.32810261845588684]
[12.664558410644531]
[0.2314271777868271]
[106.48541259765625]
[3.7310028076171875]
[0.6730250716209412]
[2.7442514896392822]
[0.6209976673126221]
[0.47151196002960205]
[7.806565761566162]
[33.794158935546875]
[11.363395690917969]
[163.54884338378906]
[4.9115400314331055]
[0.8762228488922119]
[2.566581964492798]
[0.9416359066963196]
[3.3941800594329834]
[0.7454659342765808]
[11.808586120605469]
[53.42900085449219]
[7.8664021492004395]
[1.7453150749206543]
[5.341158390045166]
[4.628238677978516]
[1.1487174034118652]
[88.45877838134766]
[220.1475830078125]
[5.993105411529541]
[10.121092796325684]
[49.44462585449219]
[70.38404083251953]
[20.196746826171875]
[138.79940795898438]
[20.594831466674805]
[5.476446151733398]
[100.58043670654297]
[0.1693812757730484]
[3.4023220539093018]
[115.47329711914062]
[48.5518684387207]
[4.375881195068359]
[146.45803833007812]
[23.55706024169922]
[250.5152130126953]
[0.16562695801258087]
[11.999476432800293]
[46.98149108886719]
[2.9358749389648438]
[7.545754432678223]
[9.977092742919922]
[7.849528789520264]
[3.253643751144409]
[8.446695327758789]
[14.643993377685547]
[8.251216888427734]
[4.6102519035339355]
[7.8859782218933105]
[1.2326786518096924]
[1.4992358684539795]
[2.8157598972320557]
[12.719917297363281]
[14.159056663513184]
[1.0060380697250366]
[88.96513366699219]
[4.94282341003418]
[3.3742947578430176]
[3.6326916217803955]
[0.17747315764427185]
[0.9932305216789246]
[9.304840087890625]
[2.636669397354126]
[0.34450969099998474]
[4.757551193237305]
[1.033414363861084]
[2.5825846195220947]
[5.832070827484131]
[263.13519287109375]
[0.41288912296295166]
[0.7157529592514038]
[4.500055313110352]
[81.32047271728516]
[1.1819745302200317]
[5.928266525268555]
[5.214529037475586]
[0.6985507011413574]
[2.6259188652038574]
[92.0380859375]
[2.6974871158599854]
[75.03797149658203]
[3.3424160480499268]
[82.29695129394531]
[8.500678062438965]
[20.26042938232422]
[2.6021456718444824]
[3.935776710510254]
[0.7309755086898804]
[3.8998804092407227]
[4.522861957550049]
[66.85784912109375]
[0.7645211815834045]
[4.685207366943359]
[0.5040258169174194]
[0.29259246587753296]
[0.40236878395080566]
[5.730713367462158]
[0.2764054238796234]
[8.515703201293945]
[0.4770662188529968]
[4.6661577224731445]
[4.929965019226074]
[115.17086029052734]
[1.194504976272583]
[82.100341796875]
[0.6134687662124634]
[1.2060959339141846]
[90.07408142089844]
[1.0550625324249268]
[8.791901588439941]
[3.5760443210601807]
[124.3120346069336]
[4.3983564376831055]
[0.2902480959892273]
[0.40539661049842834]
[1.3401798009872437]
[1.330519437789917]
[3.2218472957611084]
[0.46447837352752686]
[4.812870025634766]
[3.3069894313812256]
[1.1444472074508667]
[85.68743133544922]
[13.7217435836792]
[2.1592605113983154]
[1.8279544115066528]
[124.93551635742188]
[0.31578463315963745]
[1.3070896863937378]
[161.50328063964844]
[0.26672422885894775]
[78.59353637695312]
[16.392518997192383]
[78.26918029785156]
[3.5321788787841797]
[2.7437868118286133]
[0.38279518485069275]
[88.57830810546875]
[5.023219585418701]
[62.365108489990234]
[0.8003347516059875]
[4.6729841232299805]
[0.37194281816482544]
[0.2881290912628174]
[16.338441848754883]
[2.6173906326293945]
[54.696144104003906]
[0.052003078162670135]
[8.880314826965332]
[4.577174186706543]
[0.1924600601196289]
[0.17310203611850739]
[109.86544036865234]
[3.7102913856506348]
[0.1693498194217682]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.17122726142406464]
[6.312591075897217]
[61.13581466674805]
[0.21108056604862213]
[85.9577407836914]
[1.5525435209274292]
[6.99658203125]
[0.35594698786735535]
[40.840667724609375]
[0.39214545488357544]
[14.097762107849121]
[5.024318695068359]
[1.5075944662094116]
[99.0004653930664]
[0.4105258882045746]
[60.218482971191406]
[140.8909912109375]
[6.946264266967773]
[0.19687336683273315]
[88.43478393554688]
[149.9450225830078]
[107.84237670898438]
[19.86658477783203]
[6.729341506958008]
[8.299237251281738]
[41.88233947753906]
[28.40106773376465]
[0.5164037942886353]
[82.3880844116211]
[0.15679559111595154]
[16.37098503112793]
[1.7054499387741089]
[1.1630505323410034]
[1.4395146369934082]
[6.755424976348877]
[7.4438862800598145]
[95.393798828125]
[0.48436468839645386]
[0.41187039017677307]
[5.898873329162598]
[6.470110893249512]
[5.3605265617370605]
[6.691993236541748]
[3.8548200130462646]
[0.19630706310272217]
[0.2001754343509674]
[11.041851043701172]
[44.443077087402344]
[0.7053015828132629]
[6.7170000076293945]
[2.8315658569335938]
[12.138154029846191]
[5.9396538734436035]
[110.0302963256836]
[2.562973737716675]
[16.799165725708008]
[0.48388946056365967]
[2.8067612648010254]
[47.215126037597656]
[0.6106058359146118]
[1.6488724946975708]
[1.2901948690414429]
[257.8256530761719]
[1.5849031209945679]
[0.2248232662677765]
[3.950526714324951]
[0.7459281086921692]
[3.6129660606384277]
[0.22319214046001434]
[654.2284545898438]
[68.63453674316406]
[0.6123383045196533]
[0.3516446352005005]
[7.3014326095581055]
[13.109746932983398]
[0.21561437845230103]
[0.46925559639930725]
[0.2226525843143463]
[2.968092918395996]
[13.956730842590332]
[75.04267883300781]
[13.695298194885254]
[73.52900695800781]
[0.3407825827598572]
[0.2844979763031006]
[2.9923837184906006]
[1.3164191246032715]
[64.95390319824219]
[11.035573959350586]
[1.2356021404266357]
[0.11371594667434692]
[6.738547325134277]
[1.6864078044891357]
[2.9124953746795654]
[3.979376792907715]
[0.17152270674705505]
[1.237647294998169]
[7.0833330154418945]
[12.528250694274902]
[0.5997267365455627]
[1.6605093479156494]
[0.7605400085449219]
[0.3280630111694336]
[1.568771243095398]
[1.9169361591339111]
[0.2906409204006195]
[17.7393798828125]
[14.929609298706055]
[3.597055673599243]
[1.1703242063522339]
[200.5371551513672]
[0.8225435614585876]
[0.1423518806695938]
[0.9511600732803345]
[1.9172595739364624]
[2.3143486976623535]
[4.516982555389404]
[0.3532790243625641]
[0.5820856690406799]
[1.2067826986312866]
[99.90369415283203]
[0.7275149822235107]
[2.195363759994507]
[2.8520705699920654]
[1.5826014280319214]
[1.7607355117797852]
[4.597006320953369]
[6.8510870933532715]
[51.64800262451172]
[4.490130424499512]
[2.664578437805176]
[137.33950805664062]
[0.40749087929725647]
[1.6605867147445679]
[1.1619701385498047]
[0.1814635694026947]
[5.127931118011475]
[66.92900085449219]
[48.7205696105957]
[1.736033320426941]
[9.623319625854492]
[17.097442626953125]
[2.163700819015503]
[89.49986267089844]
[5.442491054534912]
[0.5177357196807861]
[0.5374389290809631]
[0.25721821188926697]
[5.852737903594971]
[107.79373931884766]
[1.082607626914978]
[5.074999809265137]
[64.28557586669922]
[5.364859580993652]
[4.846225738525391]
[3.6238043308258057]
[2142.006591796875]
[0.645556628704071]
[1.7997452020645142]
[0.8005648851394653]
[0.8463886380195618]
[20.452421188354492]
[20.530868530273438]
[27.081514358520508]
[27.778383255004883]
[5.156773090362549]
[13.497518539428711]
[108.87694549560547]
[4.2446794509887695]
[8.063170433044434]
[145.0804901123047]
[8.147029876708984]
[0.2964010238647461]
[10.268889427185059]
[87.70172119140625]
[3.0536458492279053]
[18.497419357299805]
[7.42678689956665]
[20.758647918701172]
[4.081296443939209]
[6.0540289878845215]
[4.874564170837402]
[5.0396013259887695]
[33.46040344238281]
[3.8286333084106445]
[18.715330123901367]
[6.652773857116699]
[2.528703451156616]
[23.7808780670166]
[29.321138381958008]
[72.57574462890625]
[13.804308891296387]
[2.6746621131896973]
[19.309057235717773]
[2.921567440032959]
[23.164888381958008]
[3.283825397491455]
[50.16688919067383]
[5.152841567993164]
[326.8744812011719]
[3.995732069015503]
[0.675448477268219]
[150.19686889648438]
[18.028980255126953]
[3.6230251789093018]
[2.4359984397888184]
[3.1600661277770996]
[1.6310725212097168]
[2.232266664505005]
[78.03256225585938]
[18.073123931884766]
[40.50137710571289]
[18.616239547729492]
[18.455078125]
[7.232883453369141]
[6.310973644256592]
[2.987921714782715]
[21.911306381225586]
[773.2910766601562]
[2.7115323543548584]
[5.970728874206543]
[6.482767105102539]
[5.430042266845703]
[108.84451293945312]
[41.972816467285156]
[11.814957618713379]
[3.1133346557617188]
[95.87506103515625]
[10.094064712524414]
[7.036413192749023]
[85.53215026855469]
[80.78132629394531]
[123.26488494873047]
[0.354303777217865]
[2.124420166015625]
[0.9955071806907654]
[3.787400722503662]
[0.3876349925994873]
[7.65043830871582]
[1.1266957521438599]
[0.33616599440574646]
[4.581530570983887]
[4.7390265464782715]
[49.38007354736328]
[7.448230743408203]
[0.8933357000350952]
[1.459174394607544]
[1.0788155794143677]
[17.116182327270508]
[9.593788146972656]
[0.9696521162986755]
[18.946659088134766]
[8.411084175109863]
[3.0524182319641113]
[82.76350402832031]
[0.5087310671806335]
[0.5890849828720093]
[0.8018041253089905]
[0.3857826292514801]
[0.7015083432197571]
[0.5358550548553467]
[102.83778381347656]
[2.5477538108825684]
[0.38274654746055603]
[9.008316993713379]
[14.632323265075684]
[13.252655982971191]
[0.6480881571769714]
[192.8190460205078]
[0.7335388660430908]
[114.17196655273438]
[2.814328908920288]
[0.6610227823257446]
[1.6086567640304565]
[72.481689453125]
[0.2608318626880646]
[1.2324153184890747]
[0.3080452084541321]
[2.5189802646636963]
[291.0211486816406]
[14.790305137634277]
[0.8142160177230835]
[1.5491737127304077]
[0.6236851215362549]
[8.964624404907227]
[2.046649217605591]
[0.47157782316207886]
[2.5228235721588135]
[83.56948852539062]
[80.80187225341797]
[1.0357036590576172]
[0.5384913086891174]
[2.0315799713134766]
[1.1218931674957275]
[141.06524658203125]
[2.4160120487213135]
[0.3430241346359253]
[5.141994476318359]
[1.2607715129852295]
[0.5745348930358887]
[0.8417984247207642]
[1.7473622560501099]
[5.235297203063965]
[10.841348648071289]
[0.8160800337791443]
[0.63167405128479]
[1.5118130445480347]
[3.9663357734680176]
[0.3892858922481537]
[7.824779510498047]
[69.76991271972656]
[2.1814050674438477]
[0.5172775983810425]
[0.8198861479759216]
[1.0299766063690186]
[9.332388877868652]
[108.01765441894531]
[5.088287830352783]
[107.7803726196289]
[4.306222438812256]
[73.54489135742188]
[0.26935237646102905]
[1.524882197380066]
[10.459615707397461]
[60.32784652709961]
[0.3979967534542084]
[25.9742374420166]
[7.730525493621826]
[8.260125160217285]
[0.270089715719223]
[5.935373306274414]
[4.802839756011963]
[0.1631561666727066]
[0.7547261118888855]
[12.440132141113281]
[0.16782085597515106]
[7.480749130249023]
[0.45679977536201477]
[2.075190782546997]
[102.75142669677734]
[0.15841497480869293]
[0.13405175507068634]
[2.9201619625091553]
[0.4068506956100464]
[4.9709792137146]
[589.10009765625]
[0.25288331508636475]
[79.10506439208984]
[1.1031187772750854]
[1.656114101409912]
[0.5160022377967834]
[5.465869903564453]
[11.579599380493164]
[58.296634674072266]
[0.4341053366661072]
[14.216190338134766]
[5.394292831420898]
[2.1691362857818604]
[0.272464781999588]
[5.13707160949707]
[1.3553385734558105]
[0.8783585429191589]
[59.4459114074707]
[398.9266662597656]
[0.8719255924224854]
[33.571678161621094]
[2.952800989151001]
[0.6275263428688049]
[5.231993198394775]
[5.031248569488525]
[19.191184997558594]
[8.183086395263672]
[10.288824081420898]
[0.3204355239868164]
[11.977949142456055]
[13.0187349319458]
[0.8980178833007812]
[29.590662002563477]
[5.196298599243164]
[5.867974281311035]
[21.565675735473633]
[71.02644348144531]
[3.3047499656677246]
[11.655021667480469]
[7.467761039733887]
[29.36331558227539]
[0.5802923440933228]
[3.79621958732605]
[1.4576988220214844]
[1.8909863233566284]
[13.031193733215332]
[69.8484115600586]
[200.8132781982422]
[1.4937291145324707]
[2.4171459674835205]
[21.444385528564453]
[1.7159602642059326]
[0.39230895042419434]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.4122588634490967]
[154.64776611328125]
[5.221070766448975]
[189.91615295410156]
[2.415964126586914]
[1.0756438970565796]
[2.563528060913086]
[667.9635009765625]
[8.334822654724121]
[7.669694900512695]
[12.402473449707031]
[0.8733866214752197]
[7.25749397277832]
[1833.1251220703125]
[2.5763721466064453]
[77.38845825195312]
[8.390270233154297]
[4.82581901550293]
[1.7996259927749634]
[16.623449325561523]
[2.5318808555603027]
[7.362043857574463]
[22.823802947998047]
[12.344569206237793]
[12.895808219909668]
[21.050260543823242]
[15.786147117614746]
[7.926203727722168]
[4.37136697769165]
[8.118669509887695]
[20.016416549682617]
[17.71323585510254]
[15.117392539978027]
[6.71420431137085]
[230.6099853515625]
[11.489361763000488]
[5.656980514526367]
[146.56695556640625]
[3.5205557346343994]
[0.7067837715148926]
[102.92118835449219]
[6.1769866943359375]
[1.6996006965637207]
[20.307950973510742]
[1.0374953746795654]
[409.3778381347656]
[9.393123626708984]
[2.007124423980713]
[8.9185152053833]
[99.27242279052734]
[1.6000871658325195]
[1.0737141370773315]
[3.1866586208343506]
[1.5468964576721191]
[10.033306121826172]
[143.2191619873047]
[3.3187766075134277]
[0.8389877080917358]
[7.407291412353516]
[69.26913452148438]
[1.324303150177002]
[2.081430435180664]
[8.754969596862793]
[25.07471466064453]
[2.887812614440918]
[1.4522178173065186]
[1.396957516670227]
[0.6052011251449585]
[4.982285499572754]
[2.905210256576538]
[0.3403562605381012]
[0.6846089959144592]
[1.1399725675582886]
[12.769647598266602]
[2.998347520828247]
[92.96491241455078]
[0.3156340420246124]
[7.914493560791016]
[5.600479602813721]
[5.194037914276123]
[4.9538774490356445]
[213.94908142089844]
[0.24681182205677032]
[9.681197166442871]
[0.3419733941555023]
[1.0319011211395264]
[2.7715182304382324]
[2.38596510887146]
[5.550812244415283]
[128.17491149902344]
[21.331348419189453]
[79.30795288085938]
[257.4573974609375]
[14.664748191833496]
[2231.1533203125]
[10.601092338562012]
[114.03602600097656]
[1.5424811840057373]
[2.9935262203216553]
[3.0126559734344482]
[2.137615442276001]
[0.6772580742835999]
[4.683141708374023]
[22.153278350830078]
[22.635568618774414]
[3.415597915649414]
[9.56624698638916]
[3.644244909286499]
[0.7599164843559265]
[19.747833251953125]
[25.144121170043945]
[14.10519790649414]
[193.36305236816406]
[1.1590967178344727]
[141.21612548828125]
[20.83056640625]
[6.854259490966797]
[7.498572826385498]
[8.484234809875488]
[16.336585998535156]
[285.6334228515625]
[8.935550689697266]
[25.182933807373047]
[0.6429108381271362]
[1.9780901670455933]
[3.3707990646362305]
[5.251954555511475]
[59.072898864746094]
[2.161421298980713]
[6.8167033195495605]
[2241.1484375]
[19.473007202148438]
[5.016085624694824]
[1.6710684299468994]
[12.63510513305664]
[3.8768506050109863]
[6.648089408874512]
[17.8422794342041]
[17.936222076416016]
[14.490669250488281]
[16.07617950439453]
[24.477327346801758]
[8.977272033691406]
[6.340811252593994]
[1.0887322425842285]
[6.243124008178711]
[17.38014793395996]
[30.274961471557617]
[7.2276082038879395]
[41.817012786865234]
[12.997154235839844]
[11.558526992797852]
[21.173992156982422]
[26.63424301147461]
[48.875694274902344]
[17.78252601623535]
[32.25956344604492]
[31.591880798339844]
[4.368998050689697]
[0.8410217761993408]
[4.588902473449707]
[7.861429214477539]
[148.7638702392578]
[327.40228271484375]
[2.3002185821533203]
[0.5919667482376099]
[6.5411481857299805]
[2.5651934146881104]
[0.5281580090522766]
[8.500082969665527]
[13.776202201843262]
[6.326810836791992]
[63.19504928588867]
[1.229539394378662]
[3.238436222076416]
[54.036685943603516]
[1.9651035070419312]
[6.620394706726074]
[21.081199645996094]
[139.5308074951172]
[41.629119873046875]
[13.37385368347168]
[5.199069023132324]
[0.5431022644042969]
[4.990544319152832]
[2.542351007461548]
[0.5282083749771118]
[43.253055572509766]
[1.9783574342727661]
[7.946284294128418]
[1.1942633390426636]
[22.51211166381836]
[2.1983861923217773]
[9.408597946166992]
[10.800318717956543]
[3207.96630859375]
[0.9679232835769653]
[5.868467330932617]
[5.571589946746826]
[4.857100963592529]
[441.3700256347656]
[863.7086181640625]
[10.619426727294922]
[17.92290687561035]
[2.2082207202911377]
[0.8988380432128906]
[3.2023699283599854]
[4.0424394607543945]
[13.42353630065918]
[9.42238998413086]
[4.825007915496826]
[14.76534652709961]
[870.278564453125]
[13.880138397216797]
[6.893315315246582]
[0.8977072238922119]
[1.0137443542480469]
[6.510959625244141]
[3.82253360748291]
[10.452190399169922]
[3.244899272918701]
[6.530877590179443]
[19.006086349487305]
[7.472037315368652]
[9.21532917022705]
[3.7110159397125244]
[379.46649169921875]
[21.541784286499023]
[93.63681030273438]
[186.39248657226562]
[9.563607215881348]
[15.271258354187012]
[6.55258321762085]
[3.2543528079986572]
[41.65541458129883]
[348.880615234375]
[18.42743492126465]
[20.545446395874023]
[8.62458324432373]
[2.0322983264923096]
[4.999420642852783]
[2045.545654296875]
[0.9803808331489563]
[75.79483032226562]
[10.917764663696289]
[3.0556955337524414]
[0.3332732021808624]
[1.8425250053405762]
[4.180220127105713]
[1.2439332008361816]
[5.695929050445557]
[5.934587478637695]
[81.35395812988281]
[5.70402717590332]
[0.2986413240432739]
[43.687191009521484]
[174.21102905273438]
[6.65411376953125]
[0.46566376090049744]
[6.158327102661133]
[168.04234313964844]
[5.572451591491699]
[3.06599497795105]
[10.046163558959961]
[13.241150856018066]
[1.6546930074691772]
[2455.632568359375]
[1.7145271301269531]
[0.48690173029899597]
[1.0714993476867676]
[6.276334285736084]
[49.654136657714844]
[2.049182176589966]
[0.47230014204978943]
[12.682561874389648]
[1.5050867795944214]
[23.107507705688477]
[19.901561737060547]
[15.825657844543457]
[10.312236785888672]
[11.279401779174805]
[0.650799572467804]
[140.3908233642578]
[25.925640106201172]
[1.1681817770004272]
[1.4262912273406982]
[12.879804611206055]
[25.611101150512695]
[21.225542068481445]
[7.065966606140137]
[58.236080169677734]
[8.138886451721191]
[1.945084571838379]
[479.6706237792969]
[0.44193950295448303]
[85.39017486572266]
[1.6412914991378784]
[66.85747528076172]
[1.1615793704986572]
[0.487713098526001]
[2158.7939453125]
[98.68265533447266]
[132.1669464111328]
[65.1329574584961]
[15.195682525634766]
[17.683340072631836]
[80.27899932861328]
[6.343601226806641]
[30.029003143310547]
[23.618850708007812]
[9.984895706176758]
[3.7176570892333984]
[3.755037307739258]
[8.869139671325684]
[19.93650245666504]
[875.6754760742188]
[33.715145111083984]
[964.0159912109375]
[3.6571199893951416]
[11.001220703125]
[4.280267238616943]
[7.114515781402588]
[6.4298996925354]
[1.2921394109725952]
[6.451381683349609]
[166.8573760986328]
[7.3391032218933105]
[652.3847045898438]
[0.7063661217689514]
[12.644062042236328]
[11.619778633117676]
[3.7884931564331055]
[0.9023773074150085]
[3.8108229637145996]
[8.639717102050781]
[9.868634223937988]
[186.48159790039062]
[4.416787624359131]
[8.57425308227539]
[6.8199872970581055]
[9.138696670532227]
[4.607041835784912]
[4.072694301605225]
[3.2799510955810547]
[5.844618320465088]
[0.8429629802703857]
[3.986741304397583]
[126.34235382080078]
[8.413331985473633]
[1.5493704080581665]
[3.7666327953338623]
[1.438629150390625]
[3.94185733795166]
[5.442318916320801]
[2.4535000324249268]
[1.7573285102844238]
[3.483837366104126]
[1.8727761507034302]
[5.124746799468994]
[6.536117076873779]
[6.413301944732666]
[4.7075066566467285]
[2.347393274307251]
[4.331317901611328]
[258.7398376464844]
[13.76598834991455]
[5.5594072341918945]
[0.3528536260128021]
[94.51973724365234]
[3.9465084075927734]
[9.39154052734375]
[0.1175881028175354]
[0.17053483426570892]
[8.103604316711426]
[0.25847628712654114]
[0.8858531713485718]
[47.922943115234375]
[4.724210262298584]
[3.2730984687805176]
[270.6249694824219]
[1.5707179307937622]
[2.5423405170440674]
[2.7534286975860596]
[0.5686891078948975]
[2.9792656898498535]
[2.196195125579834]
[4.384366989135742]
[2.9566991329193115]
[4.638868808746338]
[1.6336517333984375]
[140.8628387451172]
[1.3362298011779785]
[4.785074234008789]
[0.6260805130004883]
[4.899464130401611]
[5.886588096618652]
[75.9860610961914]
[1.9763526916503906]
[1.4623069763183594]
[0.4641948342323303]
[0.8172886371612549]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.2344837188720703]
[1.663142204284668]
[1.3516579866409302]
[1.0533101558685303]
[0.8973808884620667]
[429.9264831542969]
[6.064876079559326]
[4.359054088592529]
[1.3103342056274414]
[212.82489013671875]
[0.9162065982818604]
[0.8615970611572266]
[1.8721060752868652]
[115.61167907714844]
[1.1660252809524536]
[3.7978110313415527]
[119.15231323242188]
[1.644559383392334]
[3.2154173851013184]
[134.95889282226562]
[0.9695137739181519]
[18.662818908691406]
[1.1449475288391113]
[0.17265233397483826]
[0.9700303077697754]
[6.233592510223389]
[0.6710129380226135]
[1.795396327972412]
[2.6945066452026367]
[2.180178165435791]
[9.121399879455566]
[3.281684637069702]
[0.16991247236728668]
[126.8501205444336]
[134.45481872558594]
[0.23776161670684814]
[322.5576477050781]
[5.411615371704102]
[0.45436370372772217]
[75.31655883789062]
[0.45087307691574097]
[0.9053446054458618]
[3.4120090007781982]
[2.8152573108673096]
[1.1099419593811035]
[101.61823272705078]
[2.672738552093506]
[336.3673400878906]
[1.4127583503723145]
[5.1227803230285645]
[134.14065551757812]
[6.40367317199707]
[45.11394500732422]
[3.00569224357605]
[7.957373142242432]
[42.46183776855469]
[3.5377602577209473]
[3.1623785495758057]
[52.46405792236328]
[1.2255676984786987]
[1.6362115144729614]
[1.4500706195831299]
[7.773040771484375]
[91.005859375]
[82.4901351928711]
[0.7430394887924194]
[1.4892767667770386]
[4.92849063873291]
[1.4455256462097168]
[1.175158977508545]
[2.331040143966675]
[198.7006072998047]
[1.79119074344635]
[43.17158126831055]
[1.537585735321045]
[3.5678293704986572]
[127.41783905029297]
[49.015655517578125]
[1.3745366334915161]
[4.00252103805542]
[3.1941115856170654]
[2369.193359375]
[81.2149887084961]
[1.2336128950119019]
[2.095519542694092]
[6.825436592102051]
[4.913259983062744]
[2.0967795848846436]
[19.7487735748291]
[1.2280386686325073]
[9.961969375610352]
[87.40182495117188]
[9.479060173034668]
[1.3268935680389404]
[10.75903034210205]
[4.164399147033691]
[14.834625244140625]
[14.230807304382324]
[40.467018127441406]
[1.6926827430725098]
[18.220809936523438]
[12.488851547241211]
[602.269287109375]
[13.537203788757324]
[2.4891622066497803]
[424.8172912597656]
[1.1421542167663574]
[8.206302642822266]
[0.3904496133327484]
[3.913909912109375]
[3.384244680404663]
[1.50211763381958]
[1.646519422531128]
[7.643339157104492]
[7.477575778961182]
[69.05650329589844]
[0.5686929821968079]
[90.92940521240234]
[2.0002458095550537]
[0.48846662044525146]
[5.562398910522461]
[5.508425712585449]
[0.251983642578125]
[7.8249192237854]
[0.5383994579315186]
[125.69157409667969]
[106.23696899414062]
[64.65685272216797]
[3.5817599296569824]
[37.8837776184082]
[236.05245971679688]
[0.40968868136405945]
[60.510772705078125]
[0.38739922642707825]
[5.1382737159729]
[21.07735824584961]
[9.463001251220703]
[1.0174665451049805]
[1.8970876932144165]
[0.45839565992355347]
[3.825554132461548]
[1.3548086881637573]
[0.42050930857658386]
[1.654558539390564]
[0.9244818687438965]
[26.545629501342773]
[6.231077194213867]
[2.293436050415039]
[7.119910717010498]
[0.4804913401603699]
[10.214032173156738]
[1.5930261611938477]
[21.08354949951172]
[0.7186941504478455]
[3.516197443008423]
[1.855824589729309]
[37.746665954589844]
[2.1530611515045166]
[1.9131618738174438]
[2.478104591369629]
[5.300873279571533]
[111.76732635498047]
[13.008707046508789]
[5.484939098358154]
[7.042515754699707]
[1.9658477306365967]
[0.860389232635498]
[103.68297576904297]
[5.193734645843506]
[0.13384899497032166]
[0.40528202056884766]
[1.3180973529815674]
[0.03895915672183037]
[1.2455496788024902]
[4.410909652709961]
[22.573463439941406]
[2.6372852325439453]
[16.184385299682617]
[10.490161895751953]
[272.4596252441406]
[94.70196533203125]
[4.1156721115112305]
[3.060992956161499]
[6.182085037231445]
[0.13229088485240936]
[86.56629943847656]
[55.04183578491211]
[4.211373329162598]
[0.3088015615940094]
[153.6671905517578]
[206.5562286376953]
[3.2290377616882324]
[108.28668212890625]
[132.16000366210938]
[4.32872200012207]
[32.14035415649414]
[253.02162170410156]
[1.7442946434020996]
[10.265769004821777]
[6.5584821701049805]
[0.20875558257102966]
[1.8003865480422974]
[74.77374267578125]
[8.719888687133789]
[13.32899284362793]
[15.182300567626953]
[4.328198432922363]
[5.951080799102783]
[0.4732310473918915]
[2.545672655105591]
[4.584998607635498]
[0.15546643733978271]
[19.33530616760254]
[1.8299570083618164]
[82.54037475585938]
[0.6236803531646729]
[1.2534193992614746]
[1.5852583646774292]
[0.6674078106880188]
[10.005799293518066]
[167.3668212890625]
[1.8484137058258057]
[2.287031888961792]
[0.3611469566822052]
[80.35768127441406]
[3.851830244064331]
[1.5208752155303955]
[0.7073145508766174]
[8.533738136291504]
[0.12337364256381989]
[8.132024765014648]
[2.4209632873535156]
[1.5273956060409546]
[2.5685999393463135]
[77.11559295654297]
[2.6978940963745117]
[90.66522216796875]
[155.84063720703125]
[93.04846954345703]
[21.343751907348633]
[0.8861086964607239]
[3.1023855209350586]
[4.757777214050293]
[2.8050310611724854]
[190.2783966064453]
[227.94476318359375]
[0.9071658849716187]
[0.46691516041755676]
[4.548479080200195]
[1.4558736085891724]
[7.4053239822387695]
[6.079777240753174]
[0.5429204702377319]
[0.5632330179214478]
[2.5589821338653564]
[433.9599914550781]
[287.5233154296875]
[263.0078430175781]
[2.796177625656128]
[145.28765869140625]
[13.9531831741333]
[4.50288200378418]
[11.013642311096191]
[2.5183658599853516]
[2.03716778755188]
[0.40263402462005615]
[40.521949768066406]
[8.889383316040039]
[4.522825717926025]
[10.109264373779297]
[86.13948059082031]
[4.956876277923584]
[162.79574584960938]
[192.8626708984375]
[3.20820951461792]
[0.7683081030845642]
[0.9106947183609009]
[0.4218565821647644]
[0.3514382839202881]
[0.7265148758888245]
[3.9535956382751465]
[2.8412673473358154]
[0.1679772585630417]
[0.8731451630592346]
[0.20187731087207794]
[4.958124160766602]
[2.3210675716400146]
[0.6124009490013123]
[4.579216480255127]
[23.422935485839844]
[0.4993133544921875]
[9.279589653015137]
[3.5479986667633057]
[8.52491283416748]
[6.229034900665283]
[20.997465133666992]
[0.688194215297699]
[5.315613269805908]
[125.86395263671875]
[344.4599304199219]
[2.7223005294799805]
[3.2149033546447754]
[1.758375883102417]
[4.368157863616943]
[4.496288299560547]
[0.044986627995967865]
[267.8302307128906]
[3.5802314281463623]
[0.17339394986629486]
[2.5672333240509033]
[0.9842513799667358]
[3.271458148956299]
[0.4423353970050812]
[86.41758728027344]
[358.3101806640625]
[1.8029358386993408]
[0.5999440550804138]
[1.6859021186828613]
[70.07661437988281]
[0.8144436478614807]
[2.624335289001465]
[2.6754677295684814]
[154.5463409423828]
[42.529388427734375]
[0.3128111958503723]
[12.695714950561523]
[0.8642026782035828]
[3.374371290206909]
[1.5712872743606567]
[130.9346160888672]
[0.34718552231788635]
[187.4787139892578]
[24.060239791870117]
[3.7068309783935547]
[0.9308569431304932]
[0.5527570247650146]
[0.19065067172050476]
[1.9486339092254639]
[2.0638952255249023]
[6.0107221603393555]
[8.553439140319824]
[0.6200055480003357]
[0.3118857145309448]
[139.55958557128906]
[1.564634084701538]
[36.78828430175781]
[1.0268315076828003]
[6.779055118560791]
[0.12930841743946075]
[144.43312072753906]
[77.49585723876953]
[7.67912483215332]
[43.241214752197266]
[0.16513457894325256]
[5.303920745849609]
[117.4413833618164]
[7.123302459716797]
[1.197628140449524]
[13.590798377990723]
[1.3230621814727783]
[3.2462804317474365]
[0.2321878969669342]
[3.2909839153289795]
[0.3587394654750824]
[11.735377311706543]
[147.8837127685547]
[118.68203735351562]
[3.004634380340576]
[0.7451704144477844]
[8.527155876159668]
[7.945352554321289]
[1.2304641008377075]
[5.210542678833008]
[3.9352622032165527]
[1919.264892578125]
[0.5253607034683228]
[0.5087794661521912]
[45.779605865478516]
[10.20211410522461]
[37.7804069519043]
[63.000545501708984]
[1.6757985353469849]
[16.038986206054688]
[4.409863471984863]
[0.6150930523872375]
[11.769081115722656]
[55.739925384521484]
[108.86784362792969]
[4.519259929656982]
[209.6783447265625]
[834.8381958007812]
[94.05608367919922]
[2.197968006134033]
[153.31008911132812]
[0.2576035261154175]
[121.85198211669922]
[2.862107276916504]
[2.5358824729919434]
[7.705446720123291]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.8182138204574585]
[1.1430507898330688]
[1.3959956169128418]
[10.02152156829834]
[0.26830819249153137]
[2.213944911956787]
[88.39982604980469]
[16.20701026916504]
[6.211869716644287]
[9.41856575012207]
[1.2900681495666504]
[6.009031772613525]
[2.578026056289673]
[24.96179962158203]
[124.55287170410156]
[5.134706974029541]
[1.0987229347229004]
[0.26129427552223206]
[1.644517183303833]
[24.492958068847656]
[2.6137430667877197]
[117.65618133544922]
[0.7839405536651611]
[5.612896919250488]
[7.200962543487549]
[0.1443004608154297]
[1.4633961915969849]
[1.0039249658584595]
[4.964812755584717]
[66.36969757080078]
[10.596820831298828]
[3.974464178085327]
[0.33075812458992004]
[1.0337836742401123]
[0.8292887210845947]
[428.83807373046875]
[95.60894775390625]
[0.5949732065200806]
[1.3827286958694458]
[3.0285701751708984]
[0.14689764380455017]
[13.731204986572266]
[4.790655612945557]
[2.6748039722442627]
[0.1662529557943344]
[13.731925964355469]
[5.072509288787842]
[9.848382949829102]
[16.912303924560547]
[0.16896294057369232]
[2.7646706104278564]
[7.7425007820129395]
[76.03701782226562]
[1.3042486906051636]
[16.2335147857666]
[4.630589485168457]
[109.21049499511719]
[133.1118927001953]
[1.698601245880127]
[1.393974781036377]
[2.3199965953826904]
[0.16707700490951538]
[4.294711112976074]
[2137.967041015625]
[6.0751776695251465]
[172.3082275390625]
[3.746572971343994]
[286.8252868652344]
[1.3927268981933594]
[16.913667678833008]
[1.0646865367889404]
[8.035567283630371]
[13.365386962890625]
[86.0218734741211]
[4.15850305557251]
[15.558752059936523]
[4.175910472869873]
[16.778480529785156]
[74.98422241210938]
[161.6919708251953]
[3.363732099533081]
[18.08601188659668]
[3.5614352226257324]
[172.69552612304688]
[4.905632495880127]
[232.7899169921875]
[6.0137200355529785]
[181.7205810546875]
[2.1219818592071533]
[2.402228355407715]
[105.62179565429688]
[2.8676934242248535]
[0.592868447303772]
[4.426501750946045]
[7.923223972320557]
[2.3573148250579834]
[0.7204865217208862]
[9.549212455749512]
[3.0011441707611084]
[6.107975006103516]
[44.276859283447266]
[11.599527359008789]
[4.29237174987793]
[98.54217529296875]
[9.685708999633789]
[234.57049560546875]
[0.4132561981678009]
[90.58195495605469]
[5.629925727844238]
[0.931415319442749]
[8.30844497680664]
[2.5734848976135254]
[5.421988487243652]
[0.390837699174881]
[1.8700441122055054]
[0.31169310212135315]
[0.9042150974273682]
[82.62339782714844]
[81.0703125]
[39.314491271972656]
[1.000839352607727]
[0.3248748779296875]
[137.31112670898438]
[6.592381000518799]
[0.4362460970878601]
[1.5599167346954346]
[0.2749975919723511]
[8.365840911865234]
[0.6545838713645935]
[13.75697135925293]
[14.495526313781738]
[2.0820152759552]
[3.441138982772827]
[4.463338851928711]
[0.2872958481311798]
[137.11729431152344]
[107.98210144042969]
[1.2112092971801758]
[0.8469467759132385]
[7.2598395347595215]
[0.24119901657104492]
[1.922114372253418]
[4.041822910308838]
[0.340336412191391]
[3.1835598945617676]
[3.161461591720581]
[3.1382827758789062]
[27.348234176635742]
[0.9434078335762024]
[1.8356807231903076]
[0.19002418220043182]
[2.349726676940918]
[126.4632797241211]
[7.26723575592041]
[9.040553092956543]
[11.049522399902344]
[4.549238681793213]
[1.1822737455368042]
[23.330909729003906]
[6.631994247436523]
[2.8228261470794678]
[0.4777708053588867]
[0.6511003971099854]
[8.78219985961914]
[9.726661682128906]
[18.295772552490234]
[0.8447883725166321]
[3.280446767807007]
[0.5242637395858765]
[82.37921142578125]
[3.963560104370117]
[2.623295783996582]
[5.250573635101318]
[0.3232767581939697]
[0.8975781798362732]
[0.4358048737049103]
[0.15928296744823456]
[160.9123077392578]
[107.65682983398438]
[326.613525390625]
[2.5943915843963623]
[70.935546875]
[0.43700382113456726]
[83.74842071533203]
[66.28082275390625]
[6.867006301879883]
[0.20048712193965912]
[12.249067306518555]
[0.42261600494384766]
[70.81498718261719]
[0.3561980128288269]
[2.144592761993408]
[5.768413543701172]
[41.228580474853516]
[12.64331340789795]
[1.57069993019104]
[0.6444346904754639]
[1974.078125]
[11.788668632507324]
[0.7834252715110779]
[0.45759516954421997]
[1.2654284238815308]
[2.340878486633301]
[25.210886001586914]
[2.034543991088867]
[2.0552825927734375]
[6.347982406616211]
[5.992924690246582]
[9.801329612731934]
[26.107707977294922]
[0.28449711203575134]
[19.644975662231445]
[5.9267683029174805]
[147.8135986328125]
[91.50068664550781]
[0.5952578783035278]
[20.87594985961914]
[804.0487670898438]
[8.054709434509277]
[12.935724258422852]
[25.006019592285156]
[6.43449592590332]
[0.218886598944664]
[49.44023513793945]
[4.544595241546631]
[245.7176971435547]
[13.139263153076172]
[24.574861526489258]
[2.258915901184082]
[2.525291681289673]
[71.40251159667969]
[2031.9307861328125]
[7.853411674499512]
[700.4697875976562]
[2.1216280460357666]
[7.776425361633301]
[5.8569722175598145]
[194.63636779785156]
[3.0996768474578857]
[3.4173266887664795]
[14.126667022705078]
[7.412635326385498]
[64.25152587890625]
[4.426673412322998]
[22.809968948364258]
[7.407706260681152]
[1.2766271829605103]
[6.23472785949707]
[3.047832727432251]
[3.9314568042755127]
[140.97674560546875]
[1.2794095277786255]
[26.490686416625977]
[64.41644287109375]
[19.274986267089844]
[4.8386759757995605]
[7.087163925170898]
[4.8017144203186035]
[5.671057224273682]
[8.007410049438477]
[7.390317440032959]
[0.11527254432439804]
[1.589597463607788]
[4.413031101226807]
[1.310740351676941]
[5.146478176116943]
[1.913529872894287]
[0.3343087434768677]
[9.99423599243164]
[4.6702351570129395]
[0.8537888526916504]
[0.2903810143470764]
[6.242516040802002]
[2.082719326019287]
[8.032280921936035]
[68.1509780883789]
[6.886751174926758]
[0.37842339277267456]
[0.7852380871772766]
[0.6864604353904724]
[147.84561157226562]
[1.1663535833358765]
[2.7828991413116455]
[5.0631513595581055]
[3.067605972290039]
[1.3854678869247437]
[107.76239013671875]
[2.566601514816284]
[0.2764808237552643]
[3.756762981414795]
[27.340988159179688]
[1.477839469909668]
[1.8731775283813477]
[0.4207991063594818]
[1782.7332763671875]
[0.29740577936172485]
[7.743936061859131]
[7.4249491691589355]
[1.5520702600479126]
[20.805078506469727]
[78.86775207519531]
[1.8392139673233032]
[1.251679539680481]
[7.396767616271973]
[0.6633080840110779]
[6.326669692993164]
[60.9672966003418]
[4.638972759246826]
[1.993378758430481]
[4.699357032775879]
[2.032533645629883]
[2.0229368209838867]
[4.938328266143799]
[231.57540893554688]
[13.780620574951172]
[12.684326171875]
[7.904423236846924]
[9.359766006469727]
[1.471176266670227]
[0.30742812156677246]
[3.986840009689331]
[19.480470657348633]
[55.766544342041016]
[6.00248908996582]
[149.55381774902344]
[10.710787773132324]
[4.652848720550537]
[19.019495010375977]
[0.7704713344573975]
[12.457749366760254]
[187.14613342285156]
[191.95974731445312]
[4.923272609710693]
[1.6333694458007812]
[0.6422119736671448]
[0.8839969038963318]
[0.5723029971122742]
[344.16229248046875]
[199.09613037109375]
[9.206838607788086]
[0.4159434139728546]
[161.06736755371094]
[348.1107482910156]
[7.09970760345459]
[16.56409454345703]
[6.575951099395752]
[1.5188237428665161]
[4.000858306884766]
[6.202398777008057]
[0.5063591599464417]
[6.965969085693359]
[1.1047101020812988]
[0.5560806393623352]
[3.5459494590759277]
[1.163375973701477]
[3.9952573776245117]
[4.092796325683594]
[0.42916569113731384]
[1.2618589401245117]
[76.62348937988281]
[1.617372989654541]
[8.538431167602539]
[13.058564186096191]
[5.248790740966797]
[13.870891571044922]
[4.2361884117126465]
[11.333459854125977]
[4.154600620269775]
[92.78582763671875]
[139.5135498046875]
[0.18319536745548248]
[2.3867990970611572]
[7.7779927253723145]
[23.484373092651367]
[2.9969615936279297]
[5.598005294799805]
[5.704683303833008]
[0.24626895785331726]
[2.971486806869507]
[5.4951863288879395]
[4.114275932312012]
[56.97910690307617]
[10.4569730758667]
[10.637930870056152]
[4.794435024261475]
[0.5779544711112976]
[14.031098365783691]
[0.7223594784736633]
[3.6401844024658203]
[2.196714401245117]
[12.793234825134277]
[0.6466513276100159]
[1.4262241125106812]
[1.6735469102859497]
[3.8917224407196045]
[0.8527956604957581]
[15.368518829345703]
[541.4741821289062]
[4.0703444480896]
[11.717035293579102]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[0.8502628207206726]
[7.14444637298584]
[12.095758438110352]
[0.9182644486427307]
[3.893070936203003]
[0.621402382850647]
[1.2250252962112427]
[88.86100769042969]
[102.23938751220703]
[13.780941009521484]
[621.570556640625]
[347.1313781738281]
[1.1776162385940552]
[1.1199414730072021]
[14.057124137878418]
[70.22815704345703]
[250.57525634765625]
[2.270542621612549]
[1.5243054628372192]
[0.7591675519943237]
[18.368738174438477]
[2.7881274223327637]
[1.4906272888183594]
[78.6972885131836]
[19.885927200317383]
[62.07212829589844]
[4.128786087036133]
[2.4968252182006836]
[282.8921813964844]
[52.123939514160156]
[0.9355204105377197]
[11.549391746520996]
[1.4658522605895996]
[2.0450568199157715]
[259.11492919921875]
[13.103388786315918]
[0.40481290221214294]
[0.8495556712150574]
[2.414658308029175]
[1.1215187311172485]
[4.987259387969971]
[0.23831623792648315]
[9.135313987731934]
[114.1583023071289]
[3.1264383792877197]
[0.6249604225158691]
[32.690677642822266]
[54.835960388183594]
[56.18001937866211]
[0.43314293026924133]
[61.35658645629883]
[7.747645854949951]
[14.143040657043457]
[0.1582823097705841]
[1.3297781944274902]
[13.129743576049805]
[182.2158966064453]
[235.27467346191406]
[15.970196723937988]
[38.63212203979492]
[0.728091835975647]
[1.0440089702606201]
[2.030259609222412]
[0.8251100182533264]
[1.399165153503418]
[0.15680408477783203]
[55.909095764160156]
[5.828868865966797]
[0.14842143654823303]
[19.40439224243164]
[2.5738706588745117]
[3.5784409046173096]
[5.363027572631836]
[0.6457664966583252]
[23.967308044433594]
[1.7263318300247192]
[0.9976814985275269]
[0.5574758052825928]
[19.713031768798828]
[0.14217010140419006]
[637.375244140625]
[0.6219901442527771]
[0.6316878199577332]
[1.6910278797149658]
[12.139435768127441]
[1.7354503870010376]
[20.732654571533203]
[3.3342103958129883]
[89.98841857910156]
[1.2976515293121338]
[1.2498066425323486]
[1.0637532472610474]
[6.297112941741943]
[87.53656005859375]
[4.501154899597168]
[1.614040493965149]
[3.3194403648376465]
[3.4677133560180664]
[0.7305586338043213]
[0.4244082272052765]
[0.4991903603076935]
[0.949423611164093]
[35.03825759887695]
[8.27160930633545]
[0.8941795229911804]
[126.93206024169922]
[0.20443294942378998]
[0.2123432755470276]
[4.176398754119873]
[1.076427936553955]
[1.1097677946090698]
[2.8576619625091553]
[2.4654958248138428]
[1.880979299545288]
[275.4188537597656]
[1.2329124212265015]
[4.045860767364502]
[6.1635212898254395]
[62.605220794677734]
[2.1581270694732666]
[3.8399670124053955]
[0.34661591053009033]
[35.090370178222656]
[0.1552593857049942]
[0.9617651104927063]
[0.5891497135162354]
[4.092796802520752]
[2.719156503677368]
[2.7702605724334717]
[83.59953308105469]
[0.18355542421340942]
[2.453080177307129]
[3.170102596282959]
[193.9818572998047]
[0.627448558807373]
[82.81653594970703]
[120.69971466064453]
[2.7349133491516113]
[18.37526512145996]
[0.5830973982810974]
[1.8916068077087402]
[4.572857856750488]
[0.2835662364959717]
[1.0729987621307373]
[8.962857246398926]
[119.35334777832031]
[1.1595127582550049]
[80.54740142822266]
[2.5793750286102295]
[0.6174736618995667]
[23.515491485595703]
[2.506648063659668]
[63.337745666503906]
[155.2477569580078]
[1.2720595598220825]
[19.233200073242188]
[8.00178050994873]
[95.04830932617188]
[0.9309824109077454]
[4.480555534362793]
[3.5571954250335693]
[3.6537866592407227]
[0.4740641713142395]
[47.61845397949219]
[2.2993550300598145]
[0.7680410742759705]
[0.7689743638038635]
[2.3346643447875977]
[1.1502610445022583]
[0.8774136900901794]
[246.77987670898438]
[0.3161035478115082]
[8.62264347076416]
[0.13961286842823029]
[1.3359838724136353]
[5.623934745788574]
[1.0237531661987305]
[0.6136825680732727]
[2.0769999027252197]
[0.26897746324539185]
[20.00199317932129]
[0.9384959936141968]
[2.936089277267456]
[5.4269585609436035]
[64.82656860351562]
[19.676654815673828]
[0.5831761360168457]
[0.3314703106880188]
[1.5871981382369995]
[5.619623184204102]
[0.8220487833023071]
[0.3279218375682831]
[2.163914442062378]
[2.9285776615142822]
[1.6216955184936523]
[0.9102777242660522]
[50.23013687133789]
[236.58282470703125]
[3.389038324356079]
[0.2395305186510086]
[1.7745460271835327]
[3.0118284225463867]
[4.718835830688477]
[1.6292632818222046]
[91.5014877319336]
[1.5109211206436157]
[1.2890924215316772]
[4.864567756652832]
[1.10419762134552]
[74.9825439453125]
[1.4800571203231812]
[11.694293022155762]
[7.75666618347168]
[156.57171630859375]
[95.51640319824219]
[0.7810736894607544]
[207.85728454589844]
[8.146871566772461]
[0.37279969453811646]
[4.385561466217041]
[0.8538748025894165]
[14.306199073791504]
[1.464450716972351]
[1.0222387313842773]
[98.30684661865234]
[78.92472839355469]
[0.4883652925491333]
[2.724400043487549]
[2.1800241470336914]
[0.39762863516807556]
[146.3842315673828]
[8.712961196899414]
[3.588914394378662]
[0.9298981428146362]
[0.5323947072029114]
[23.249977111816406]
[0.8986479043960571]
[0.6209721565246582]
[32.527034759521484]
[0.7135587930679321]
[1.1396516561508179]
[0.3222507834434509]
[3.3343825340270996]
[3.524057626724243]
[3.5598249435424805]
[0.22197578847408295]
[0.2583885192871094]
[6.197543144226074]
[9.916679382324219]
[63.80937576293945]
[3.7536275386810303]
[243.21702575683594]
[9.079959869384766]
[87.84305572509766]
[11.234023094177246]
[1.149533987045288]
[115.64522552490234]
[5.547320365905762]
[10.047765731811523]
[137.49371337890625]
[65.49140167236328]
[121.43900299072266]
[1.162804365158081]
[132.974853515625]
[71.6884536743164]
[0.8801299333572388]
[0.8322558403015137]
[116.41008758544922]
[3.9819774627685547]
[54.08333969116211]
[10.789128303527832]
[0.2577517628669739]
[0.4495818018913269]
[93.84915161132812]
[0.17594507336616516]
[0.2360442578792572]
[17.963363647460938]
[0.797391414642334]
[0.12525777518749237]
[1.0136420726776123]
[0.12076079100370407]
[1.0805646181106567]
[2.0740532875061035]
[2.098393440246582]
[4.336076259613037]
[5.830101490020752]
[2.2903332710266113]
[2.5380518436431885]
[3.215226173400879]
[0.6819624900817871]
[47.890411376953125]
[3.187899112701416]
[1.5631588697433472]
[1.1806248426437378]
[44.91762161254883]
[1.1131194829940796]
[0.5539628267288208]
[0.5849194526672363]
[1.788138747215271]
[8.470800399780273]
[5.566332817077637]
[4.921655178070068]
[0.35569313168525696]
[0.48898762464523315]
[0.21820463240146637]
[0.13019996881484985]
[101.16876983642578]
[306.0534973144531]
[160.89901733398438]
[3.447399854660034]
[0.6521446108818054]
[0.766524076461792]
[0.16313879191875458]
[0.3172602355480194]
[55.74016571044922]
[1.7555655241012573]
[0.30133697390556335]
[0.28691941499710083]
[84.63099670410156]
[3.225085735321045]
[3.489379644393921]
[0.29177942872047424]
[4.041335582733154]
[76.03558349609375]
[14.202077865600586]
[5.679617881774902]
[4.434342384338379]
[1.5627025365829468]
[1.8066002130508423]
[2.8409860134124756]
[0.7056730389595032]
[0.5772120356559753]
[0.3191898763179779]
[12.549539566040039]
[2.5022132396698]
[3.259394884109497]
[0.12322783470153809]
[2.9754040241241455]
[7.754703998565674]
[3.4641284942626953]
[117.42060852050781]
[10.518326759338379]
[3.2118561267852783]
[1.4155561923980713]
[4.59478759765625]
[0.5743280053138733]
[0.8491120934486389]
[0.6041733026504517]
[0.8759788274765015]
[3.153865337371826]
[5.916245937347412]
[3.124035596847534]
[0.6648103594779968]
[12.364991188049316]
[2.3399877548217773]
[4.624448776245117]
[0.47089430689811707]
[0.8753863573074341]
[0.25247105956077576]
[6.030954360961914]
[2.94663143157959]
[1.5557209253311157]
[3.4251303672790527]
[635.5177612304688]
[0.344351589679718]
[8.525877952575684]
[71.99107360839844]
[0.9551117420196533]
[0.3415006697177887]
[3.0862622261047363]
[2.8763246536254883]
[1.0057145357131958]
[0.43337002396583557]
[2.85695219039917]
[1.0377891063690186]
[1.5474961996078491]
[250.08070373535156]
[5.438797473907471]
[139.16717529296875]
[0.14369957149028778]
[0.13617154955863953]
[52.155982971191406]
[0.23349487781524658]
[2.4663007259368896]
[2044.71923828125]
[37.257808685302734]
[8.059331893920898]
[23.864795684814453]
[2.7439305782318115]
[36.40568923950195]
[79.06639099121094]
[3.7282421588897705]
[4.780554294586182]
[124.61199951171875]
[105.97899627685547]
[20.487459182739258]
[7.83936882019043]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[9.824297904968262]
[3.4492173194885254]
[0.24574747681617737]
[4.738278388977051]
[1.1821480989456177]
[0.6034115552902222]
[6.4212517738342285]
[4.5029802322387695]
[5.255258083343506]
[103.16761779785156]
[6.79151725769043]
[136.38194274902344]
[0.30886149406433105]
[17.44919204711914]
[2.0255510807037354]
[54.32038497924805]
[5.313332557678223]
[7.025206089019775]
[10.230770111083984]
[4.3455352783203125]
[7.022029876708984]
[1.1353882551193237]
[2.1663053035736084]
[8.816524505615234]
[79.30267333984375]
[90.21908569335938]
[11.91965103149414]
[11.173103332519531]
[110.04647827148438]
[4.671375751495361]
[2.8944754600524902]
[0.8159047961235046]
[0.9967962503433228]
[4.495016098022461]
[53.99513244628906]
[0.40581759810447693]
[2.0843164920806885]
[20.145341873168945]
[1.5697174072265625]
[1.9353773593902588]
[98.82306671142578]
[134.57301330566406]
[3.848468065261841]
[0.5021907687187195]
[0.9972972273826599]
[3.650435209274292]
[1.2424836158752441]
[1.2840416431427002]
[4.337446689605713]
[92.00907897949219]
[71.89141082763672]
[7.241400241851807]
[3.2538037300109863]
[321.0409240722656]
[1.2246266603469849]
[2.5781619548797607]
[3.064746379852295]
[1872.6903076171875]
[8.057075500488281]
[6.348801136016846]
[5.213626861572266]
[3.746114492416382]
[9.631848335266113]
[11.91279411315918]
[0.3873530328273773]
[8.154326438903809]
[241.25221252441406]
[4.143714904785156]
[1.5254242420196533]
[0.7546583414077759]
[0.31614556908607483]
[19.237363815307617]
[26.574268341064453]
[6.09694766998291]
[1.6510298252105713]
[132.9674072265625]
[1.6183018684387207]
[6.505970001220703]
[9.96693229675293]
[8.646007537841797]
[952.7153930664062]
[5.136834621429443]
[5.209293365478516]
[7.049783706665039]
[2.5844407081604004]
[96.48860168457031]
[1.0038753747940063]
[77.84431457519531]
[6.671511173248291]
[10.559837341308594]
[130.1276397705078]
[0.3733139932155609]
[136.96153259277344]
[1.8240758180618286]
[3.1084144115448]
[17.936630249023438]
[2.648991346359253]
[5.044750213623047]
[87.85237121582031]
[0.7154557704925537]
[5.519453048706055]
[119.96939086914062]
[1.350571870803833]
[3.433659076690674]
[13.362390518188477]
[3.661388635635376]
[0.398453950881958]
[1.3060916662216187]
[0.6105996966362]
[23.120864868164062]
[135.69931030273438]
[7.406064510345459]
[2.395481824874878]
[4.199995517730713]
[389.7471008300781]
[24.419904708862305]
[7.282289981842041]
[62.369873046875]
[71.02739715576172]
[5.214133262634277]
[3.625642776489258]
[1.4954495429992676]
[23.587106704711914]
[0.26155734062194824]
[13.297253608703613]
[1.3548436164855957]
[4.625833034515381]
[8.5574312210083]
[14.704301834106445]
[73.74146270751953]
[4.98651123046875]
[1.151200532913208]
[0.7198889851570129]
[192.70538330078125]
[1.8623515367507935]
[7.274236679077148]
[0.2608211636543274]
[7.792360305786133]
[1.3494174480438232]
[68.38438415527344]
[1.645999789237976]
[1.3093730211257935]
[16.46710968017578]
[0.273884117603302]
[2.0221264362335205]
[1.6842793226242065]
[2.2889928817749023]
[107.39997863769531]
[8.2647123336792]
[10.134811401367188]
[3.176525354385376]
[0.6998178362846375]
[2.6346185207366943]
[2.9152727127075195]
[69.52958679199219]
[0.6576998233795166]
[0.7277308106422424]
[138.8724365234375]
[8.388965606689453]
[3.9206795692443848]
[4.596439361572266]
[0.22890418767929077]
[1.022720456123352]
[7.080723762512207]
[1.8787270784378052]
[0.6294041275978088]
[7.718253135681152]
[0.3508950471878052]
[10.866602897644043]
[0.6371732950210571]
[1.6019272804260254]
[4.787285327911377]
[8.962793350219727]
[1529.14794921875]
[0.32714301347732544]
[75.4214096069336]
[11.661163330078125]
[117.37661743164062]
[4.419983863830566]
[8.703230857849121]
[6.88621711730957]
[2.569134473800659]
[0.9948915839195251]
[2.3714706897735596]
[0.2810137867927551]
[2.3131587505340576]
[102.52934265136719]
[0.3706508278846741]
[9.013534545898438]
[1.3296183347702026]
[297.90277099609375]
[5.088721752166748]
[4.987431049346924]
[49.61607360839844]
[7.468015670776367]
[13.445849418640137]
[6.820760726928711]
[1.60028076171875]
[6.21971321105957]
[27.981218338012695]
[33.78849792480469]
[6.718501567840576]
[0.3139425218105316]
[0.9568321108818054]
[2.416801929473877]
[0.21067865192890167]
[0.27088338136672974]
[2.1658031940460205]
[11.2940092086792]
[0.9546251893043518]
[4.080263137817383]
[2.116790533065796]
[3.7809131145477295]
[0.8254604935646057]
[8.587085723876953]
[1.6468796730041504]
[68.33174133300781]
[4.440511703491211]
[0.28491467237472534]
[14.911099433898926]
[0.05436045303940773]
[0.20499590039253235]
[5.120342254638672]
[0.7726534008979797]
[0.26779094338417053]
[12.322832107543945]
[2.298203945159912]
[20.221338272094727]
[0.5547705292701721]
[0.6350737810134888]
[2.9549078941345215]
[1.1377875804901123]
[696.6563110351562]
[5.2185258865356445]
[26.178997039794922]
[4.346558094024658]
[91.12641906738281]
[149.15577697753906]
[17.29851722717285]
[1.1017457246780396]
[5.959733486175537]
[1.0218243598937988]
[366.062744140625]
[78.09510040283203]
[2.104675054550171]
[89.69479370117188]
[0.6133849620819092]
[5.294121742248535]
[9.541290283203125]
[12.055319786071777]
[2.2451796531677246]
[8.364888191223145]
[0.6239093542098999]
[0.5488112568855286]
[8.93692684173584]
[0.9244411587715149]
[3.5541272163391113]
[118.74078369140625]
[11.03346061706543]
[44.921504974365234]
[4.948558807373047]
[10.450268745422363]
[46.041927337646484]
[4.846796989440918]
[12.323770523071289]
[0.5424855947494507]
[1.039607286453247]
[3.866147518157959]
[3.5679070949554443]
[8.01874828338623]
[0.6148554086685181]
[107.26640319824219]
[0.9878281354904175]
[12.079933166503906]
[0.547711968421936]
[1.9122264385223389]
[12.05360221862793]
[0.6311910152435303]
[2.1026198863983154]
[123.54879760742188]
[261.45550537109375]
[0.6439578533172607]
[318.5675048828125]
[1.6496672630310059]
[8.012968063354492]
[0.8019120097160339]
[9.807023048400879]
[40.314510345458984]
[11.295997619628906]
[0.8962036967277527]
[7.390972137451172]
[5.929818153381348]
[56.25568389892578]
[1.692693829536438]
[13.754863739013672]
[3.7230353355407715]
[3.930490016937256]
[1.0341789722442627]
[2.1878271102905273]
[1.7692389488220215]
[7.762923717498779]
[2.3315482139587402]
[8.225729942321777]
[0.7790268063545227]
[0.4514603316783905]
[0.8178359270095825]
[95.14201354980469]
[57.672855377197266]
[1.2592337131500244]
[5.524338245391846]
[0.22490544617176056]
[3.890883684158325]
[0.7357227206230164]
[13.338038444519043]
[6.214288234710693]
[1.3348970413208008]
[0.9298245310783386]
[7.321925163269043]
[8.681365966796875]
[0.9740970730781555]
[4.855251789093018]
[165.5757598876953]
[138.15142822265625]
[4.671753883361816]
[4.21621561050415]
[0.5269570350646973]
[2.045243978500366]
[0.3547934293746948]
[0.4996389150619507]
[0.6460021138191223]
[3.594472885131836]
[5.416083335876465]
[3.3538382053375244]
[9.963214874267578]
[44.971229553222656]
[1.8521655797958374]
[59.16010665893555]
[1.1729201078414917]
[0.4208800792694092]
[3.1133008003234863]
[2.1063807010650635]
[0.5822341442108154]
[1.997536063194275]
[8.564101219177246]
[4.113158226013184]
[2.4365367889404297]
[1.4398258924484253]
[0.27288031578063965]
[101.61798858642578]
[345.50030517578125]
[3.5852842330932617]
[20.269248962402344]
[5.053928852081299]
[1.8251756429672241]
[96.92613983154297]
[20.528310775756836]
[1.4213933944702148]
[16.866334915161133]
[3.6531717777252197]
[6.837742328643799]
[3.9424195289611816]
[0.3423353135585785]
[0.5045034885406494]
[0.18314580619335175]
[8.643420219421387]
[2.2718756198883057]
[70.21806335449219]
[4.455718517303467]
[0.20456288754940033]
[13.568816184997559]
[239.49722290039062]
[2.6488349437713623]
[1.0685025453567505]
[2.287745714187622]
[6.3187255859375]
[4.094821453094482]
[39.27006149291992]
[1.4316486120224]
[105.37466430664062]
[4.941933631896973]
[1.087126612663269]
[1.1910909414291382]
[8.445387840270996]
[2.9665918350219727]
[6.295659065246582]
[0.1816728413105011]
[0.22293083369731903]
[1.6806613206863403]
[2.7148876190185547]
[5.99062442779541]
[81.4288558959961]
[69.1531982421875]
[0.3982469439506531]
[4.725770950317383]
[186.67579650878906]
[3.537681818008423]
[83.77581787109375]
[0.8238852024078369]
[1.919830322265625]
[0.866366446018219]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.7109062671661377]
[3.5373430252075195]
[3.940530776977539]
[0.11658811569213867]
[1.8761324882507324]
[1.5412975549697876]
[1.750394344329834]
[9.424617767333984]
[99.14801788330078]
[78.8280258178711]
[1.047611117362976]
[1.0817103385925293]
[0.04816396161913872]
[0.4847047030925751]
[0.6031323075294495]
[4.835577487945557]
[6.29217529296875]
[5.0584540367126465]
[4.55888557434082]
[7.746176242828369]
[2.882260799407959]
[5.178364276885986]
[5.81039571762085]
[2.9580507278442383]
[0.8376022577285767]
[3.1136105060577393]
[0.419332355260849]
[62.54994201660156]
[1.053210735321045]
[259.42376708984375]
[0.0744636058807373]
[4.249879837036133]
[3.0331592559814453]
[0.17983132600784302]
[1.7883692979812622]
[173.2947998046875]
[0.5403072237968445]
[2.1992759704589844]
[0.36896252632141113]
[6.590921401977539]
[138.85374450683594]
[0.5784959197044373]
[0.35110652446746826]
[10.638016700744629]
[6.502260684967041]
[73.90899658203125]
[12.226818084716797]
[165.16299438476562]
[3.9318230152130127]
[0.18890993297100067]
[0.14885781705379486]
[112.1994857788086]
[3.0815589427948]
[3.73466420173645]
[0.4524293839931488]
[3.0383353233337402]
[0.9981008768081665]
[0.33884698152542114]
[56.21067810058594]
[3.0104849338531494]
[3.837890863418579]
[4.476730823516846]
[3.9452812671661377]
[0.17319630086421967]
[65.93865966796875]
[6.724221229553223]
[4.613984107971191]
[0.8947100639343262]
[4.714466094970703]
[596.3633422851562]
[2.1815547943115234]
[0.9608099460601807]
[73.31653594970703]
[0.15568870306015015]
[2.32560658454895]
[0.9849355816841125]
[1.2787227630615234]
[2.9913253784179688]
[75.3703384399414]
[1.8496894836425781]
[0.41202425956726074]
[6.523386001586914]
[89.04998016357422]
[0.47972530126571655]
[12.995144844055176]
[2.4793736934661865]
[1.5650010108947754]
[1.5506340265274048]
[1.6923527717590332]
[4.007201194763184]
[139.13333129882812]
[5.069149017333984]
[96.80758666992188]
[1.891680121421814]
[171.3902587890625]
[248.16024780273438]
[0.539462149143219]
[3.3864939212799072]
[103.6818618774414]
[4.529765605926514]
[0.9133356213569641]
[2.9392919540405273]
[0.8480976819992065]
[0.8391487002372742]
[3.7648682594299316]
[2.748122453689575]
[40.766761779785156]
[0.25224894285202026]
[2.2985055446624756]
[2.0878119468688965]
[7.576597213745117]
[3.2014267444610596]
[0.5849002599716187]
[121.91667938232422]
[1.0853400230407715]
[2.1571483612060547]
[101.51192474365234]
[0.4457952380180359]
[108.6207504272461]
[1.7227479219436646]
[0.6730346083641052]
[1.1546248197555542]
[52.733154296875]
[3.637005090713501]
[0.18888317048549652]
[2.7086827754974365]
[221.9979248046875]
[43.45552062988281]
[0.35064083337783813]
[4.434730052947998]
[14.507097244262695]
[1.2719115018844604]
[0.2184465527534485]
[3.163259506225586]
[1.1669584512710571]
[1.1625561714172363]
[131.8268585205078]
[105.25106811523438]
[1.789919137954712]
[76.07915496826172]
[93.74073028564453]
[1.2614103555679321]
[4.439243316650391]
[3.8470401763916016]
[2.7465856075286865]
[0.6258099675178528]
[7.547513484954834]
[0.5516020655632019]
[0.3618529140949249]
[118.25244903564453]
[8.574185371398926]
[3.873478889465332]
[1.9512211084365845]
[4.907593250274658]
[0.18347078561782837]
[1.0017666816711426]
[0.21100474894046783]
[7.329278469085693]
[0.2112836241722107]
[9.71906566619873]
[2.6717827320098877]
[1.8983856439590454]
[0.04179568216204643]
[2.8857598304748535]
[5.378035068511963]
[4.5255022048950195]
[2.3192543983459473]
[6.821541786193848]
[2.5280890464782715]
[6.634859085083008]
[2061.393798828125]
[153.07669067382812]
[1.2324684858322144]
[1.0258684158325195]
[2.063946008682251]
[1.4315937757492065]
[14.899016380310059]
[70.5081558227539]
[420.59246826171875]
[1.5390467643737793]
[225.09278869628906]
[0.745546817779541]
[0.2758115530014038]
[2.5197267532348633]
[7.702915191650391]
[81.61749267578125]
[6.338552951812744]
[0.3385545313358307]
[3.2714123725891113]
[5.724376201629639]
[99.44063568115234]
[4.097283840179443]
[6.543107986450195]
[0.2617977559566498]
[82.00630950927734]
[53.24525451660156]
[72.59080505371094]
[5.038369178771973]
[3.217250108718872]
[2.4310660362243652]
[1.1064257621765137]
[1.4030394554138184]
[16.601837158203125]
[75.5486068725586]
[1.1639964580535889]
[1.3333016633987427]
[4.550167083740234]
[28.574539184570312]
[1.2140426635742188]
[14.4461088180542]
[3.9879205226898193]
[1.7135567665100098]
[0.4607548117637634]
[3.0062437057495117]
[0.19369833171367645]
[1.7295761108398438]
[152.67440795898438]
[8.133358001708984]
[14.663749694824219]
[0.3723396360874176]
[0.6544666290283203]
[336.74554443359375]
[0.9981325268745422]
[0.1799955815076828]
[0.7887946963310242]
[1.2731385231018066]
[4.311489105224609]
[1.2748757600784302]
[174.5126495361328]
[5.700097560882568]
[1.4883179664611816]
[25.87396812438965]
[4.376648426055908]
[3.0867300033569336]
[92.2359848022461]
[80.07707977294922]
[2192.40869140625]
[6.79788064956665]
[4.838444232940674]
[198.56698608398438]
[0.3708612322807312]
[7.236042022705078]
[3.5755486488342285]
[4.363667011260986]
[0.8559948205947876]
[22.061811447143555]
[14.157065391540527]
[4.766252040863037]
[23.860736846923828]
[363.0845947265625]
[13.777164459228516]
[77.24909973144531]
[15.950958251953125]
[0.9830140471458435]
[9.645933151245117]
[7.393425464630127]
[2463.641357421875]
[16.755699157714844]
[4.150143623352051]
[823.1052856445312]
[6.4190287590026855]
[11.949912071228027]
[132.43106079101562]
[151.7989501953125]
[366.7169189453125]
[9.820058822631836]
[8.991338729858398]
[1.4765236377716064]
[0.49144700169563293]
[184.04843139648438]
[0.677498996257782]
[730.3016967773438]
[1.1611533164978027]
[3.041841506958008]
[7.704687118530273]
[19.75714683532715]
[1.7093842029571533]
[16.344202041625977]
[0.5091723203659058]
[0.6308106780052185]
[1.747015357017517]
[11.333793640136719]
[44.9668083190918]
[13.054510116577148]
[1.6021089553833008]
[45.88515090942383]
[0.2719692587852478]
[0.3585086762905121]
[20.70737075805664]
[2.4836766719818115]
[126.78675842285156]
[16.725894927978516]
[2.3368961811065674]
[16.881757736206055]
[54.03240203857422]
[1.3937067985534668]
[9.661569595336914]
[184.08299255371094]
[2.221292018890381]
[0.2640897333621979]
[90.23469543457031]
[1.941685676574707]
[2.0240161418914795]
[8.606941223144531]
[54.47285079956055]
[1.5636608600616455]
[0.2749745547771454]
[0.3066771626472473]
[1.7339061498641968]
[11.385767936706543]
[0.8689956665039062]
[1.431026577949524]
[23.614845275878906]
[0.5835206508636475]
[29.536928176879883]
[22.413976669311523]
[16.460094451904297]
[9.757752418518066]
[4.771661281585693]
[0.45202377438545227]
[19.207958221435547]
[217.91302490234375]
[4.591180801391602]
[0.4588293433189392]
[62.17353057861328]
[63.989990234375]
[66.88843536376953]
[111.2733383178711]
[101.0354232788086]
[121.80508422851562]
[0.24987049400806427]
[6.387290000915527]
[0.8760329484939575]
[112.28463745117188]
[15.484101295471191]
[0.2374999076128006]
[6.521126747131348]
[0.338551789522171]
[60.033199310302734]
[0.7610200643539429]
[0.41823455691337585]
[0.24060209095478058]
[1.5232877731323242]
[1.4693979024887085]
[81.91674041748047]
[0.26739034056663513]
[2.897317409515381]
[5.537524223327637]
[6.924840927124023]
[54.47222137451172]
[1.0568841695785522]
[52.78498077392578]
[4.789259433746338]
[0.6677410006523132]
[1.9024738073349]
[4.417242527008057]
[18.050060272216797]
[3.0599606037139893]
[42.802574157714844]
[0.8117427229881287]
[1.8930243253707886]
[0.8833351135253906]
[0.2564762532711029]
[4.086597442626953]
[13.167860984802246]
[0.5063583254814148]
[1.8656283617019653]
[0.5632856488227844]
[3.2900896072387695]
[7.716702461242676]
[55.60453796386719]
[1.8496458530426025]
[4.282105922698975]
[0.2573429048061371]
[0.14840534329414368]
[5.568474769592285]
[20.840906143188477]
[4.6478424072265625]
[60.464210510253906]
[51.372005462646484]
[0.5828347206115723]
[0.7658128142356873]
[3.980574131011963]
[5.327127456665039]
[8.01595687866211]
[5.644938945770264]
[0.15158611536026]
[1.8772104978561401]
[15.079172134399414]
[8.993856430053711]
[3.9914615154266357]
[3.9507174491882324]
[0.14087840914726257]
[3.0669827461242676]
[2.2176406383514404]
[114.72941589355469]
[11.1686429977417]
[10.985491752624512]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.14866496622562408]
[3.2309558391571045]
[43.51157760620117]
[5.657353401184082]
[1.1031100749969482]
[7.526472568511963]
[8.512828826904297]
[0.18308569490909576]
[0.712257981300354]
[8.413658142089844]
[3.771838426589966]
[15.601571083068848]
[0.10524355620145798]
[0.16626274585723877]
[6.448307037353516]
[222.24366760253906]
[1.162007212638855]
[147.9240264892578]
[0.04095637798309326]
[3.014939546585083]
[5.77902889251709]
[7.861785411834717]
[4.048733234405518]
[3.7764880657196045]
[84.05374145507812]
[0.22955027222633362]
[2.021193504333496]
[65.76303100585938]
[12.481668472290039]
[0.22541572153568268]
[9.149006843566895]
[0.3963977098464966]
[53.71006393432617]
[2.660266160964966]
[13.314135551452637]
[0.487472802400589]
[0.24321813881397247]
[3.137194871902466]
[4.273960590362549]
[10.76974868774414]
[100.34766387939453]
[303.0146789550781]
[4.296571731567383]
[49.150062561035156]
[0.9336485862731934]
[0.9326484203338623]
[0.18086107075214386]
[1.651711106300354]
[0.8522545695304871]
[1.312820315361023]
[4.630478382110596]
[2.317237138748169]
[4.76841402053833]
[6.539483070373535]
[1.1148686408996582]
[10.2317476272583]
[0.9550162553787231]
[2.4307010173797607]
[9.36275577545166]
[0.4485393762588501]
[1.4464964866638184]
[2.823862075805664]
[1.8889756202697754]
[3.042651653289795]
[10.962423324584961]
[0.5796835422515869]
[3.2991278171539307]
[6.6988301277160645]
[0.5963786244392395]
[4.023284435272217]
[142.51068115234375]
[0.12794071435928345]
[1.5580859184265137]
[0.6947314739227295]
[0.4934431314468384]
[12.480015754699707]
[7.665250778198242]
[0.18447619676589966]
[0.6269034743309021]
[52.410423278808594]
[4.678135871887207]
[0.8044537305831909]
[123.642578125]
[0.30755382776260376]
[12.554487228393555]
[0.7504579424858093]
[45.545127868652344]
[4.39417839050293]
[54.045806884765625]
[103.70474243164062]
[2.7774763107299805]
[1.8507776260375977]
[8.91871452331543]
[0.6083324551582336]
[3.820836067199707]
[1.8750908374786377]
[1.2834206819534302]
[0.10229259729385376]
[1.2965785264968872]
[37.52085876464844]
[0.22783036530017853]
[4.783629417419434]
[15.5645751953125]
[0.31684526801109314]
[285.07928466796875]
[0.44961127638816833]
[59.82168960571289]
[0.24059131741523743]
[0.21195603907108307]
[0.056570734828710556]
[1.6346805095672607]
[1.1736043691635132]
[4.8928022384643555]
[82.55008697509766]
[0.29442885518074036]
[5.363253116607666]
[1.7920407056808472]
[0.34002745151519775]
[116.29210662841797]
[610.0638427734375]
[3.767035722732544]
[1.7399295568466187]
[0.470439612865448]
[78.36005401611328]
[0.7087951898574829]
[14.152071952819824]
[20.677091598510742]
[2.1568663120269775]
[0.3799290955066681]
[1.9566508531570435]
[12.33198356628418]
[1.9144116640090942]
[0.19534176588058472]
[93.37422943115234]
[6.2484283447265625]
[6.287242889404297]
[9.51179313659668]
[14.84341812133789]
[0.4294971823692322]
[266.5439453125]
[1.211010456085205]
[0.1404394656419754]
[4.061246871948242]
[0.34862396121025085]
[2.6708123683929443]
[4.629848003387451]
[2.5936107635498047]
[6.615598678588867]
[49.131248474121094]
[0.3954503536224365]
[176.61605834960938]
[8.258014678955078]
[1.79438054561615]
[0.41069480776786804]
[1.3253554105758667]
[8.913349151611328]
[124.9379653930664]
[0.8719349503517151]
[124.60336303710938]
[80.53300476074219]
[0.6353945732116699]
[4.041628360748291]
[64.60335540771484]
[621.04248046875]
[0.6252071857452393]
[1.310356855392456]
[0.5148249864578247]
[0.4296060800552368]
[0.4536735415458679]
[0.23267126083374023]
[72.22613525390625]
[3.4884865283966064]
[117.4746322631836]
[33.66225051879883]
[0.24005064368247986]
[2.049253225326538]
[109.64752960205078]
[4.357141017913818]
[5.396822929382324]
[73.35243225097656]
[3.676539659500122]
[11.865796089172363]
[66.74412536621094]
[1.967180609703064]
[0.6832379102706909]
[76.53365325927734]
[51.171260833740234]
[1.6543421745300293]
[77.4749755859375]
[10.43288803100586]
[6.470382213592529]
[1.367304801940918]
[0.6540830135345459]
[5.488164901733398]
[4.290262222290039]
[91.7747573852539]
[1.157589316368103]
[109.49845886230469]
[63.239139556884766]
[0.17249862849712372]
[40.409053802490234]
[1.1573283672332764]
[0.2802399694919586]
[290.120361328125]
[0.624441921710968]
[0.7410645484924316]
[2528.054931640625]
[5.313396453857422]
[0.18161989748477936]
[4.995357513427734]
[260.09649658203125]
[14.26672077178955]
[31.011308670043945]
[1.4332423210144043]
[3.108567476272583]
[5.149659633636475]
[10.092907905578613]
[144.36497497558594]
[6.9163360595703125]
[179.01025390625]
[11.343762397766113]
[125.19937133789062]
[9.060696601867676]
[5.264158248901367]
[7.419882297515869]
[0.540579617023468]
[87.30326080322266]
[3.7528088092803955]
[0.2720084488391876]
[24.168291091918945]
[8.183822631835938]
[1.9470385313034058]
[4.919675827026367]
[19.712465286254883]
[4.844984531402588]
[3.418886661529541]
[0.8637905120849609]
[0.9410629272460938]
[7.181755542755127]
[3.9880003929138184]
[10.237496376037598]
[0.8178171515464783]
[0.5895537734031677]
[11.088759422302246]
[7.030674934387207]
[9.345654487609863]
[9.622262954711914]
[1.8676080703735352]
[192.58642578125]
[4.747503280639648]
[4.235379219055176]
[10.745904922485352]
[1.7944830656051636]
[5.551006317138672]
[0.2780948579311371]
[111.87661743164062]
[1.9972708225250244]
[6.970484733581543]
[0.28441521525382996]
[4.134485244750977]
[1.2048320770263672]
[0.7099277973175049]
[5.335909843444824]
[4.17987585067749]
[0.9675159454345703]
[4.167365550994873]
[2.140481948852539]
[1.069789171218872]
[0.954674243927002]
[19.197336196899414]
[2.007132053375244]
[3.389216899871826]
[8.168530464172363]
[0.9610478281974792]
[303.56231689453125]
[1.134239673614502]
[5.272669792175293]
[0.11239488422870636]
[0.28556686639785767]
[1.012019157409668]
[20.51132583618164]
[1.248801827430725]
[2.3070826530456543]
[3.271430253982544]
[95.53040313720703]
[4.5151872634887695]
[1.0936051607131958]
[5.3893256187438965]
[6.62070369720459]
[5.670340538024902]
[1.9891246557235718]
[0.5521150827407837]
[1.1107491254806519]
[7.04763650894165]
[4.19487190246582]
[154.47474670410156]
[4.771271705627441]
[1.3890774250030518]
[2.943448781967163]
[2.144361972808838]
[8.945993423461914]
[3.378504991531372]
[2.34993314743042]
[0.2780717611312866]
[2.448023796081543]
[3.185678720474243]
[632.2446899414062]
[0.25340205430984497]
[57.41310501098633]
[3.747981548309326]
[11.581271171569824]
[17.77340316772461]
[2.513429880142212]
[74.83582305908203]
[51.47246551513672]
[6.3085126876831055]
[326.2918395996094]
[2.229341983795166]
[59.57826232910156]
[1.3933581113815308]
[1.7102851867675781]
[2.0734517574310303]
[10.734097480773926]
[1.3636852502822876]
[2.7591335773468018]
[6.144374370574951]
[4.983399868011475]
[2.719980478286743]
[793.6571655273438]
[4.307638168334961]
[1.6860911846160889]
[3.3116390705108643]
[3.0605804920196533]
[1.483149766921997]
[2.8997933864593506]
[1.9346603155136108]
[4.394916534423828]
[4.2282586097717285]
[7.874367713928223]
[3.131344795227051]
[2.119497537612915]
[5.619935989379883]
[17.50286293029785]
[203.95338439941406]
[0.6770603060722351]
[7.512928485870361]
[7.969356536865234]
[1.5715014934539795]
[0.9291545748710632]
[6.797992706298828]
[2.6308648586273193]
[0.7311722636222839]
[0.9149380326271057]
[52.86899948120117]
[4.873193740844727]
[0.15193748474121094]
[0.47483447194099426]
[1.4556955099105835]
[4.215484142303467]
[2.236050605773926]
[1.7298400402069092]
[1.3255139589309692]
[0.7459498047828674]
[1773.165283203125]
[76.49566650390625]
[2.8545684814453125]
[3.1195926666259766]
[0.558769166469574]
[1.1348892450332642]
[0.20677705109119415]
[90.59225463867188]
[4.927093505859375]
[7.4264140129089355]
[74.29534912109375]
[4.634060382843018]
[2.4905760288238525]
[2.1217901706695557]
[0.3413373827934265]
[13.153350830078125]
[9.856794357299805]
[301.5703430175781]
[44.74541473388672]
[2.6995439529418945]
[11.886235237121582]
[2.468492269515991]
[5.4816179275512695]
[23.938779830932617]
[73.37120819091797]
[131.90225219726562]
[1.3446478843688965]
[1808.63330078125]
[1.9300636053085327]
[0.21937431395053864]
[281.2546081542969]
[2.0188584327697754]
[2.404916286468506]
[4.876160144805908]
[8.504337310791016]
[1.6578433513641357]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[414.37738037109375]
[6.334001541137695]
[4.394158840179443]
[156.10086059570312]
[0.9061143398284912]
[7.4876790046691895]
[0.8225980401039124]
[337.18011474609375]
[14.239341735839844]
[37.66868591308594]
[13.799630165100098]
[6.9632720947265625]
[1.399693250656128]
[2.7642505168914795]
[282.0634460449219]
[2.165121078491211]
[1.7004283666610718]
[0.28931722044944763]
[8.510377883911133]
[3.0216903686523438]
[4.3114471435546875]
[0.5994631052017212]
[99.60193634033203]
[8.827905654907227]
[8.620102882385254]
[39.754302978515625]
[31.680702209472656]
[1.1128627061843872]
[9.639811515808105]
[1.245149850845337]
[11.758295059204102]
[4.78776741027832]
[66.2481460571289]
[26.16598892211914]
[3.246999502182007]
[108.12865447998047]
[2.143075942993164]
[3.461010694503784]
[36.417930603027344]
[6.815865516662598]
[2.0668182373046875]
[18.052980422973633]
[3.4309630393981934]
[0.8321627974510193]
[10.227129936218262]
[10.60330581665039]
[11.897895812988281]
[7.739360332489014]
[3.9488565921783447]
[4.648942947387695]
[6.648265361785889]
[14.471446990966797]
[0.5942044258117676]
[115.16780090332031]
[131.2913818359375]
[6.111847400665283]
[7.200300693511963]
[1.4650956392288208]
[1.2482378482818604]
[6.780557632446289]
[0.2139802724123001]
[1.1001204252243042]
[45.83865737915039]
[173.92681884765625]
[115.38860321044922]
[51.67375564575195]
[4.233884334564209]
[0.7998035550117493]
[16.041719436645508]
[0.6058045625686646]
[4.336761474609375]
[0.42348921298980713]
[0.8959023952484131]
[93.1224136352539]
[213.75071716308594]
[5.837395668029785]
[1.4616612195968628]
[0.9328488707542419]
[47.031410217285156]
[0.8878772258758545]
[2.318720817565918]
[8.156044006347656]
[0.7109529376029968]
[102.7012710571289]
[19.259109497070312]
[1.9058213233947754]
[3.4058027267456055]
[11.288103103637695]
[2.8554811477661133]
[2.7488675117492676]
[0.350368857383728]
[2.4776694774627686]
[9.05709457397461]
[3.779539108276367]
[1.7684924602508545]
[0.25456345081329346]
[3.398258924484253]
[5.272446155548096]
[0.2952277362346649]
[6.429861068725586]
[62.0966796875]
[0.5390493869781494]
[1.761008858680725]
[8.759236335754395]
[1.3618299961090088]
[1.5180376768112183]
[5.290166854858398]
[243.06179809570312]
[46.65743637084961]
[3.3527297973632812]
[2.733254909515381]
[0.516272246837616]
[0.7842354774475098]
[2.313025712966919]
[3.320913314819336]
[0.8130912184715271]
[1.1455804109573364]
[98.38027954101562]
[3.0208511352539062]
[12.556082725524902]
[8.47220516204834]
[0.767525315284729]
[47.3564567565918]
[105.53156280517578]
[83.54910278320312]
[6.2403764724731445]
[0.3275522291660309]
[3.463310480117798]
[14.259712219238281]
[97.89018249511719]
[18.739601135253906]
[0.40659278631210327]
[99.05062866210938]
[9.438743591308594]
[3.6652562618255615]
[229.5964813232422]
[3.437253952026367]
[1.3233500719070435]
[1.5499376058578491]
[1.1019209623336792]
[1.5988225936889648]
[9.687597274780273]
[8.219579696655273]
[2.8845674991607666]
[113.95877075195312]
[125.09269714355469]
[0.5759425163269043]
[3.976166009902954]
[0.14107610285282135]
[5.8607048988342285]
[3.453087568283081]
[0.7823288440704346]
[1.9564638137817383]
[301.9773864746094]
[48.848880767822266]
[1.6548854112625122]
[14.116690635681152]
[1.8311935663223267]
[2.4393575191497803]
[3.4451217651367188]
[123.69184875488281]
[0.9184090495109558]
[7.427080154418945]
[1.2012726068496704]
[5.678752899169922]
[0.11720112711191177]
[3.5216469764709473]
[15.402531623840332]
[132.34417724609375]
[11.058553695678711]
[0.629778265953064]
[0.6702017784118652]
[1.1944350004196167]
[0.3071087896823883]
[1.2122929096221924]
[1.131699800491333]
[41.12274932861328]
[2.283998489379883]
[5.466935634613037]
[0.8978347778320312]
[2.2806296348571777]
[0.12266746163368225]
[55.41507339477539]
[1.2483755350112915]
[0.4471580982208252]
[3.7277655601501465]
[52.690242767333984]
[0.11560620367527008]
[73.26069641113281]
[0.5565012693405151]
[15.480766296386719]
[4.947061538696289]
[0.7181022763252258]
[0.35846561193466187]
[0.7379526495933533]
[113.71212005615234]
[0.5119884014129639]
[0.8730490207672119]
[3.130023241043091]
[1.2385650873184204]
[0.21327047049999237]
[0.3189396262168884]
[1.3950026035308838]
[3.183917760848999]
[42.24188995361328]
[1.037437081336975]
[10.189909934997559]
[1.3542799949645996]
[0.3873165547847748]
[51.089664459228516]
[0.30279552936553955]
[1.3144958019256592]
[1.4517544507980347]
[0.6544880867004395]
[48.14885711669922]
[0.4941087067127228]
[36.791561126708984]
[2.4529764652252197]
[6.3259053230285645]
[2097.943603515625]
[10.006382942199707]
[2.1427664756774902]
[1.2046871185302734]
[0.32646265625953674]
[1.405106544494629]
[8.336721420288086]
[41.69050216674805]
[4.069417953491211]
[1.141326904296875]
[15.974574089050293]
[2.1001923084259033]
[4.212239742279053]
[68.82516479492188]
[2.1314568519592285]
[25.64373779296875]
[2.4997308254241943]
[3.7728333473205566]
[6.379802703857422]
[0.370532751083374]
[9.466049194335938]
[7.529231071472168]
[112.79203796386719]
[3.6126818656921387]
[5.154613018035889]
[0.7070366144180298]
[0.5174250602722168]
[2.2508602142333984]
[0.22161765396595]
[6.191512584686279]
[12.593571662902832]
[4.689999103546143]
[119.90771484375]
[2.957005500793457]
[5.584481239318848]
[0.8935476541519165]
[287.451416015625]
[3.1295580863952637]
[13.949163436889648]
[235.91331481933594]
[0.27101513743400574]
[0.410900354385376]
[4.069797515869141]
[5.374904155731201]
[119.09149169921875]
[8.36776351928711]
[1.2012790441513062]
[0.4261457920074463]
[5.721787929534912]
[4.376929759979248]
[2.9789795875549316]
[11.690208435058594]
[6.9352006912231445]
[1.8501265048980713]
[8.90026569366455]
[1.1887600421905518]
[3.808756113052368]
[1.1059035062789917]
[3.930824041366577]
[0.33957213163375854]
[0.7993994951248169]
[1.2083375453948975]
[5.45949649810791]
[4.112079620361328]
[0.48838871717453003]
[3.4582889080047607]
[3.9523725509643555]
[2.4914979934692383]
[46.13888168334961]
[2.817793607711792]
[98.0238265991211]
[69.49917602539062]
[203.00537109375]
[0.2375495731830597]
[80.26402282714844]
[170.2271728515625]
[156.08981323242188]
[1.2543717622756958]
[1.518355131149292]
[4.0633416175842285]
[124.09465789794922]
[5.269627094268799]
[0.39596909284591675]
[0.29904988408088684]
[11.114152908325195]
[5.648312568664551]
[2.7356457710266113]
[0.6121756434440613]
[0.18699775636196136]
[3.40358829498291]
[6.8070597648620605]
[2.5071818828582764]
[62.90834045410156]
[0.7725233435630798]
[29.43020248413086]
[0.9175866842269897]
[0.632086455821991]
[15.561379432678223]
[4.945524215698242]
[1.0844759941101074]
[0.1453171968460083]
[91.63504791259766]
[6.822062969207764]
[1.310357689857483]
[4.1535539627075195]
[10.642192840576172]
[24.793458938598633]
[0.3818717300891876]
[0.29356899857521057]
[1.350876808166504]
[0.2715126574039459]
[1.3341195583343506]
[3.9726059436798096]
[1.3564882278442383]
[1.5540884733200073]
[301.6958923339844]
[0.716340959072113]
[111.38661193847656]
[121.86122131347656]
[6.830707550048828]
[0.9834019541740417]
[0.19790656864643097]
[0.7779743671417236]
[0.5998953580856323]
[0.5263145565986633]
[2.7054691314697266]
[1.24099862575531]
[0.0778704434633255]
[110.00550079345703]
[0.3196265399456024]
[5.285935878753662]
[2.0578958988189697]
[275.0513916015625]
[3.5231542587280273]
[1.3009752035140991]
[0.5565730333328247]
[0.10869517177343369]
[2.090644598007202]
[4.399230480194092]
[0.6952092051506042]
[6.2958455085754395]
[2.20713472366333]
[0.6717736721038818]
[0.45238396525382996]
[1.6589736938476562]
[1.7991273403167725]
[0.19912433624267578]
[2.676687240600586]
[1.6260778903961182]
[2.250946283340454]
[0.8498861193656921]
[0.11275693774223328]
[1.9979548454284668]
[77.7166976928711]
[0.3460792601108551]
[0.6907581090927124]
[5.8557538986206055]
[0.13739913702011108]
[0.7652127146720886]
[0.35643309354782104]
[0.24380534887313843]
[2.1339213848114014]
[41.86750793457031]
[0.9732851982116699]
[58.982181549072266]
[3.5005791187286377]
[2.4305615425109863]
[4.144571304321289]
[1.8028019666671753]
[0.24787330627441406]
[0.5650394558906555]
[45.7336540222168]
[50.4700813293457]
[99.82018280029297]
[9.310600280761719]
[0.4550451338291168]
[4.275222301483154]
[0.5129923224449158]
[1.9147180318832397]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[8.35409927368164]
[3.473881483078003]
[3.228095293045044]
[0.6554520130157471]
[5.048112869262695]
[567.4468994140625]
[0.8981627821922302]
[0.499800443649292]
[2.6701550483703613]
[0.1495705246925354]
[1.2620826959609985]
[14.461909294128418]
[4.506187915802002]
[69.9909439086914]
[59.49726867675781]
[33.259490966796875]
[4.610199451446533]
[2.5922482013702393]
[2.7529525756835938]
[0.8141098618507385]
[1.0232234001159668]
[0.9476838111877441]
[0.1319165974855423]
[60.22455596923828]
[5.2594990730285645]
[2.613004684448242]
[0.5108381509780884]
[8.427690505981445]
[10.532252311706543]
[92.94537353515625]
[0.2979695796966553]
[10.89784049987793]
[9.278546333312988]
[4.177477836608887]
[7.035672664642334]
[0.5094835162162781]
[0.5464981198310852]
[83.67037963867188]
[0.7259988188743591]
[16.282590866088867]
[0.4806860089302063]
[47.858097076416016]
[4.932708263397217]
[3.650695562362671]
[2.260540246963501]
[2099.391357421875]
[26.253389358520508]
[5.648648262023926]
[3.6441357135772705]
[92.18954467773438]
[2.236032009124756]
[2.32450008392334]
[13.894195556640625]
[0.29976025223731995]
[6.989257335662842]
[549.1810913085938]
[2.767350435256958]
[4.402759552001953]
[13.296843528747559]
[147.11019897460938]
[0.7941157817840576]
[4.794820785522461]
[2.236849308013916]
[6.697269439697266]
[11.425207138061523]
[188.24594116210938]
[1.355007529258728]
[3.5402963161468506]
[5.670721054077148]
[5.366387367248535]
[4.71919059753418]
[2.965860605239868]
[1.2665300369262695]
[2.806356191635132]
[356.4940490722656]
[1.3591192960739136]
[59.335662841796875]
[140.62425231933594]
[9.332015037536621]
[5.254389762878418]
[67.16606903076172]
[0.32122528553009033]
[3.421020269393921]
[0.2761770486831665]
[6.336883544921875]
[79.22339630126953]
[4.058696746826172]
[4.671319961547852]
[8.211055755615234]
[9.80667781829834]
[5.542850494384766]
[0.6611059308052063]
[4.322812557220459]
[6.8690185546875]
[5.866106986999512]
[1.228753685951233]
[1.21598482131958]
[7.813046455383301]
[122.94000244140625]
[112.45819091796875]
[3.249436140060425]
[75.60502624511719]
[3.918752431869507]
[0.32684025168418884]
[1.4045034646987915]
[2.354053020477295]
[0.399385541677475]
[96.158447265625]
[0.4023192226886749]
[4.312097549438477]
[78.07992553710938]
[62.59701156616211]
[11.852193832397461]
[1.0136150121688843]
[35.928165435791016]
[0.26536235213279724]
[2.783675193786621]
[1.01461923122406]
[0.16480393707752228]
[146.16030883789062]
[53.953147888183594]
[1.5503050088882446]
[13.617262840270996]
[1.8045235872268677]
[220.26089477539062]
[11.006916046142578]
[1.1786648035049438]
[1.9030462503433228]
[6.720173358917236]
[0.14740945398807526]
[0.5970625877380371]
[0.15291954576969147]
[18.84086799621582]
[0.1396118402481079]
[59.53261184692383]
[0.5589278936386108]
[3.1478404998779297]
[3.787940263748169]
[6.212832450866699]
[10.339730262756348]
[0.12957990169525146]
[0.6760256290435791]
[3.9309780597686768]
[0.7383235096931458]
[291.0722351074219]
[2.3074958324432373]
[8.230780601501465]
[0.7379074096679688]
[4.842975616455078]
[5.029056549072266]
[2.967705726623535]
[0.4991419315338135]
[2.07685923576355]
[67.17863464355469]
[1.3950003385543823]
[2.9375715255737305]
[51.72010803222656]
[0.26519104838371277]
[2.8650708198547363]
[0.9574707746505737]
[1.0716984272003174]
[3.8206892013549805]
[2.1304421424865723]
[1.3317898511886597]
[0.2706347703933716]
[0.26289868354797363]
[80.94939422607422]
[7.883090019226074]
[3.289522409439087]
[0.46884727478027344]
[0.7986944317817688]
[0.2652646005153656]
[2.1243696212768555]
[5.005638599395752]
[0.6217291951179504]
[88.52096557617188]
[1.0016260147094727]
[98.72126770019531]
[9.041783332824707]
[1.0428223609924316]
[1.7408630847930908]
[58.60930252075195]
[3.0894808769226074]
[2.79207706451416]
[99.74737548828125]
[128.41822814941406]
[3.8749237060546875]
[71.73316192626953]
[3.366452217102051]
[61.942176818847656]
[7.278933048248291]
[4.718933582305908]
[2.759549617767334]
[1.942101001739502]
[79.93907165527344]
[2.010807752609253]
[16.18286895751953]
[0.5827430486679077]
[1.2170782089233398]
[1.977434515953064]
[4.392250061035156]
[1499.0557861328125]
[0.28187087178230286]
[1.4240106344223022]
[0.20731961727142334]
[0.2939959764480591]
[7.909639835357666]
[7.9262871742248535]
[6.922022819519043]
[0.3204719126224518]
[7.805391311645508]
[0.45039352774620056]
[7.771945953369141]
[190.86085510253906]
[14.012713432312012]
[1.736921787261963]
[34.20534133911133]
[78.59991455078125]
[322.3956604003906]
[25.94536590576172]
[13.075491905212402]
[0.7365036606788635]
[58.96137619018555]
[12.69839096069336]
[4.1743364334106445]
[4.897831916809082]
[10.786823272705078]
[4.422166347503662]
[3.481703519821167]
[19.021520614624023]
[3.795987606048584]
[1.8171180486679077]
[28.418840408325195]
[687.4103393554688]
[81.77374267578125]
[366.1452331542969]
[135.40867614746094]
[5.8694167137146]
[4.029016494750977]
[6.569770336151123]
[3.2381982803344727]
[3.0330677032470703]
[7.085817813873291]
[108.95014953613281]
[68.7333755493164]
[0.4844855070114136]
[0.24705199897289276]
[0.29381003975868225]
[2.4992733001708984]
[2.242156744003296]
[8.621145248413086]
[1.0897679328918457]
[4.313348770141602]
[5.492332935333252]
[4.1497907638549805]
[132.8059539794922]
[3.999753475189209]
[2.822970390319824]
[4.11814546585083]
[0.9918836355209351]
[7.016986846923828]
[66.70207214355469]
[14.610550880432129]
[105.86064147949219]
[2.601571559906006]
[22.674585342407227]
[3.653299570083618]
[10.117575645446777]
[0.6171209216117859]
[0.27936065196990967]
[0.6294721961021423]
[3.614586114883423]
[0.21503618359565735]
[10.636357307434082]
[106.20417785644531]
[1.7250181436538696]
[61.566226959228516]
[5.930633544921875]
[1.9104514122009277]
[4.891139984130859]
[127.87591552734375]
[1.1457422971725464]
[125.80593872070312]
[12.844265937805176]
[0.1896493136882782]
[11.484391212463379]
[2.006117582321167]
[0.17995014786720276]
[5.588214874267578]
[1.2671210765838623]
[12.338261604309082]
[7.588109016418457]
[4.496789932250977]
[132.9434051513672]
[72.4109115600586]
[3.8443381786346436]
[1.2122068405151367]
[0.37057316303253174]
[3.740471839904785]
[5.713540554046631]
[0.5860633850097656]
[0.33620497584342957]
[8.503966331481934]
[95.90049743652344]
[0.016523029655218124]
[6.840651035308838]
[0.5727750062942505]
[0.6913299560546875]
[0.9236152172088623]
[1.3983417749404907]
[4.010799407958984]
[17.63362693786621]
[2.754971504211426]
[0.4979294538497925]
[0.5560854077339172]
[0.08789654076099396]
[47.995704650878906]
[1.2966952323913574]
[2.140206813812256]
[60.47309112548828]
[0.5982007384300232]
[0.14248862862586975]
[7.973782539367676]
[3.7991487979888916]
[83.34150695800781]
[102.95797729492188]
[0.13983270525932312]
[6.336621284484863]
[9.3505277633667]
[234.16455078125]
[52.94493103027344]
[7.426123142242432]
[98.7640609741211]
[1.5081449747085571]
[4.997186660766602]
[3.2197680473327637]
[0.5139129757881165]
[104.04468536376953]
[2.961838483810425]
[2.3721141815185547]
[0.19107303023338318]
[0.22752849757671356]
[0.4999084770679474]
[3.4152517318725586]
[49.714900970458984]
[0.20641040802001953]
[0.12780486047267914]
[3.2228598594665527]
[49.0938720703125]
[8.68121337890625]
[2.4403786659240723]
[4.074975967407227]
[0.32681140303611755]
[0.7248518466949463]
[1.762528419494629]
[1.3415884971618652]
[4.295627593994141]
[3.2015106678009033]
[0.6231634020805359]
[12.321319580078125]
[151.36740112304688]
[0.3124839663505554]
[4.267532825469971]
[2259.09912109375]
[3.246328830718994]
[51.63142013549805]
[92.11827850341797]
[5.744665145874023]
[4.641928195953369]
[103.68802642822266]
[162.2254180908203]
[0.40086355805397034]
[1.1127381324768066]
[49.8147087097168]
[150.83544921875]
[2.1174631118774414]
[0.37403449416160583]
[182.72117614746094]
[5.295928955078125]
[0.2899124026298523]
[33.232276916503906]
[6.889218807220459]
[138.79226684570312]
[9.279678344726562]
[21.01428985595703]
[2.6466405391693115]
[34.89167785644531]
[3.2289681434631348]
[0.7316294312477112]
[28.132051467895508]
[71.63194274902344]
[1.6144309043884277]
[15.04476547241211]
[76.88435363769531]
[6.923036098480225]
[4.639976501464844]
[0.9907394647598267]
[113.44151306152344]
[4.680578231811523]
[6.875161170959473]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.560598373413086]
[4.702842712402344]
[2.1476359367370605]
[1.1471010446548462]
[0.2557201087474823]
[1.7442790269851685]
[63.74272155761719]
[23.8358097076416]
[1.0904247760772705]
[5.8279829025268555]
[2.503925323486328]
[0.2549043893814087]
[6.322638511657715]
[1.0205222368240356]
[19.211164474487305]
[4.837168216705322]
[2.539463996887207]
[9.989989280700684]
[4.408401966094971]
[59.47392654418945]
[7.8684282302856445]
[2.3883914947509766]
[50.459983825683594]
[4.02855920791626]
[1.5506170988082886]
[907.4439697265625]
[701.9093627929688]
[11.500762939453125]
[9.540313720703125]
[15.17057991027832]
[0.27678507566452026]
[60.1539192199707]
[0.3092289865016937]
[1.5708268880844116]
[0.9910128116607666]
[1.4806334972381592]
[1.5063934326171875]
[0.9603146314620972]
[35.07660675048828]
[1.0413525104522705]
[1.0314069986343384]
[11.091025352478027]
[2.018500566482544]
[7.180408954620361]
[16.975963592529297]
[116.46968841552734]
[2.3267593383789062]
[19.842979431152344]
[10.756601333618164]
[0.3266368806362152]
[1.3469488620758057]
[14.431568145751953]
[49.109561920166016]
[8.136427879333496]
[25.754289627075195]
[2.1445047855377197]
[6.422502040863037]
[0.8566147685050964]
[0.16644710302352905]
[14.090008735656738]
[0.1617894321680069]
[0.537951648235321]
[6.08736515045166]
[7.369951248168945]
[12.084364891052246]
[0.8936842083930969]
[0.5964322090148926]
[14.184955596923828]
[60.94200134277344]
[26.293067932128906]
[5.737260341644287]
[0.4049592614173889]
[2.7734322547912598]
[0.15335769951343536]
[52.134742736816406]
[2.0743401050567627]
[9.448175430297852]
[2.1107499599456787]
[3.589077949523926]
[209.0263671875]
[1.068530559539795]
[4.723380088806152]
[102.16329193115234]
[47.5944938659668]
[3.603480339050293]
[1.126084566116333]
[3.3082659244537354]
[6.540639877319336]
[18.06158447265625]
[0.9326326847076416]
[4.744233131408691]
[72.32726287841797]
[55.495269775390625]
[3.6254231929779053]
[0.14838996529579163]
[0.2908027172088623]
[5.369548797607422]
[3.4823708534240723]
[222.3990478515625]
[3.7675254344940186]
[4.565249443054199]
[79.68623352050781]
[9.39268970489502]
[50.65555191040039]
[3.3560898303985596]
[4.132401943206787]
[0.9765064716339111]
[135.18692016601562]
[3.6854758262634277]
[0.1940162479877472]
[75.0815658569336]
[0.12626777589321136]
[1.0839356184005737]
[12.84786605834961]
[0.1916208118200302]
[1.4448158740997314]
[76.1683578491211]
[1.8364039659500122]
[16.916213989257812]
[9.068954467773438]
[1.4662383794784546]
[0.4577137231826782]
[0.09284666180610657]
[42.569068908691406]
[16.05236053466797]
[0.4261956810951233]
[1.69097900390625]
[3.242136001586914]
[0.5298804640769958]
[4.80316162109375]
[9.055375099182129]
[150.9702606201172]
[1.9511946439743042]
[7.227982997894287]
[19.119827270507812]
[1821.1363525390625]
[5.411543369293213]
[0.6400393843650818]
[4.829928398132324]
[0.4784104824066162]
[3.2265889644622803]
[69.66622924804688]
[124.95231628417969]
[1.4602841138839722]
[19.88445281982422]
[74.18498229980469]
[8.701884269714355]
[2.0423097610473633]
[5.085796356201172]
[3.8807244300842285]
[191.26495361328125]
[1.3513320684432983]
[115.1202163696289]
[26.459388732910156]
[12.877385139465332]
[17.30542755126953]
[2.837289333343506]
[8.428444862365723]
[6.636250019073486]
[2.084249496459961]
[4.541521072387695]
[3.978605270385742]
[7.975100517272949]
[0.33652880787849426]
[1.9487080574035645]
[8.658565521240234]
[22.893983840942383]
[9.95885944366455]
[18.572891235351562]
[12.155472755432129]
[0.3321560323238373]
[1.916811466217041]
[20.5440673828125]
[3.989917278289795]
[2.097283124923706]
[4.446718215942383]
[13.353649139404297]
[4.387702465057373]
[1.3862642049789429]
[9.019781112670898]
[0.6902056932449341]
[6.734870433807373]
[0.6905439496040344]
[0.7516888380050659]
[4.699477672576904]
[1.7421159744262695]
[4.148927211761475]
[13.952518463134766]
[1.8672584295272827]
[0.6017239689826965]
[2.9633090496063232]
[5.045038223266602]
[1.6501384973526]
[0.31865769624710083]
[1.8122291564941406]
[3.8271307945251465]
[1.2308869361877441]
[0.6664693355560303]
[4.629536151885986]
[1.543942928314209]
[5.856685638427734]
[0.25094470381736755]
[94.91963195800781]
[3.77644681930542]
[0.6567050218582153]
[1.2104355096817017]
[0.5688997507095337]
[4.776724815368652]
[4.5813798904418945]
[3.0964431762695312]
[8.07526969909668]
[0.8300644159317017]
[47.09724044799805]
[256.3218688964844]
[4.143598556518555]
[0.5624910593032837]
[15.851075172424316]
[2446.60595703125]
[5.1404852867126465]
[1.0323841571807861]
[5.360372543334961]
[8.651780128479004]
[39.46815872192383]
[74.1745376586914]
[82.96864318847656]
[1.54958176612854]
[118.09566497802734]
[6.389636039733887]
[8.894698143005371]
[1.2222857475280762]
[7.331483840942383]
[2.9282870292663574]
[10.604592323303223]
[18.81707000732422]
[12.163349151611328]
[20.325275421142578]
[400.0170593261719]
[249.86322021484375]
[87.44214630126953]
[9.314349174499512]
[2.0087857246398926]
[0.5606520175933838]
[43.651588439941406]
[6.2452826499938965]
[7.953681468963623]
[1.874255657196045]
[28.52088165283203]
[64.89917755126953]
[3.646458148956299]
[22.30755043029785]
[2.21555495262146]
[2.8784563541412354]
[45.43575668334961]
[1888.7808837890625]
[319.9317626953125]
[0.24275368452072144]
[6.0709381103515625]
[26.50128936767578]
[4.9806647300720215]
[124.27989196777344]
[51.504703521728516]
[0.5342594981193542]
[0.4643194079399109]
[79.00418090820312]
[676.1849975585938]
[24.430377960205078]
[14.312997817993164]
[360.18829345703125]
[5.2707839012146]
[1.4980888366699219]
[105.43948364257812]
[5.293553352355957]
[1.324643850326538]
[3.3562166690826416]
[4.284183502197266]
[94.82754516601562]
[64.91731262207031]
[2.5718135833740234]
[0.36878371238708496]
[2.6788437366485596]
[0.2150544673204422]
[13.13585090637207]
[0.3591122031211853]
[6.0579833984375]
[4.334821701049805]
[3.070899724960327]
[162.17822265625]
[3.277897596359253]
[54.37311935424805]
[10.499393463134766]
[134.38412475585938]
[20.27152442932129]
[9.761336326599121]
[0.5178508162498474]
[5.8535637855529785]
[74.45135498046875]
[3.190014600753784]
[6.926511287689209]
[3.5393121242523193]
[605.3125]
[1.6620380878448486]
[0.6555794477462769]
[71.34135437011719]
[1.4578975439071655]
[6.9268107414245605]
[0.26590657234191895]
[58.412296295166016]
[45.11115646362305]
[15.266496658325195]
[304.342041015625]
[5.18430233001709]
[12.603167533874512]
[3.2409722805023193]
[11.732288360595703]
[14.897574424743652]
[5.51869010925293]
[1.3721579313278198]
[15.0811185836792]
[2.4217116832733154]
[4.981987476348877]
[7.904581069946289]
[7.205163955688477]
[11.252440452575684]
[1.2244898080825806]
[1.6964178085327148]
[0.816820502281189]
[1.3733848333358765]
[0.21535812318325043]
[1.92099928855896]
[16.8186092376709]
[74.1797103881836]
[39.88694381713867]
[63.125396728515625]
[110.15397644042969]
[69.64100646972656]
[0.5528257489204407]
[133.05596923828125]
[2.561814546585083]
[53.09785079956055]
[13.660449981689453]
[1.4705394506454468]
[9.96282958984375]
[12.46908187866211]
[1.6119798421859741]
[30.200437545776367]
[5.235794544219971]
[7.030310153961182]
[0.6139023900032043]
[0.20083248615264893]
[2.566817283630371]
[1.782741665840149]
[0.6431664824485779]
[6.45518684387207]
[0.7299596667289734]
[0.22922849655151367]
[3.6586241722106934]
[0.808685839176178]
[0.7293820977210999]
[6.820704936981201]
[5.266324043273926]
[1.0725761651992798]
[0.7865093946456909]
[5.2897210121154785]
[10.265999794006348]
[1.0128188133239746]
[0.23689958453178406]
[2.6574790477752686]
[1.0712578296661377]
[69.06625366210938]
[0.4270108938217163]
[3.5619630813598633]
[128.27906799316406]
[0.7189059257507324]
[8.358011245727539]
[1.3960227966308594]
[7.174305438995361]
[0.7022373676300049]
[2.3311362266540527]
[0.11429915577173233]
[1.4151077270507812]
[2.311615467071533]
[1.1439512968063354]
[2.827164649963379]
[0.5173497796058655]
[0.8421602845191956]
[3.551785945892334]
[5.7851643562316895]
[0.1443633884191513]
[0.5232126712799072]
[3.523857355117798]
[12.624153137207031]
[4.8960652351379395]
[0.3796439468860626]
[4.877414226531982]
[0.7365586757659912]
[304.7784423828125]
[0.624708354473114]
[0.21687699854373932]
[2.8533639907836914]
[2.649803400039673]
[3.766852378845215]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.0951915979385376]
[3.8843188285827637]
[15.149951934814453]
[9.282146453857422]
[107.90381622314453]
[0.7026517987251282]
[0.6153271794319153]
[0.37304458022117615]
[5.517429351806641]
[0.5398529767990112]
[214.80397033691406]
[0.9807704091072083]
[0.9290517568588257]
[0.12825341522693634]
[1.0742485523223877]
[1.233545184135437]
[1.8406985998153687]
[0.12004754692316055]
[0.2394937127828598]
[2.369036912918091]
[160.1221160888672]
[1933.7979736328125]
[4.1320576667785645]
[3.9820806980133057]
[3.2743935585021973]
[137.32150268554688]
[0.35816535353660583]
[102.57968139648438]
[4.824077606201172]
[13.975359916687012]
[57.67314529418945]
[9.314592361450195]
[2.1542611122131348]
[5.958587646484375]
[3.328364610671997]
[4.898042678833008]
[3.8507821559906006]
[5.36118221282959]
[1.1153208017349243]
[6.617124557495117]
[69.1559066772461]
[151.51934814453125]
[11.808155059814453]
[55.81354522705078]
[3.922290563583374]
[75.7502212524414]
[3.5501227378845215]
[101.96570587158203]
[23.21228790283203]
[101.491455078125]
[3.0987703800201416]
[5.579411506652832]
[56.4348258972168]
[11.970541954040527]
[9.8466157913208]
[3.7504568099975586]
[54.415130615234375]
[4.2256388664245605]
[4.1633429527282715]
[26.033950805664062]
[2.1960887908935547]
[15.515873908996582]
[1.2028580904006958]
[5.325029373168945]
[33.89118576049805]
[17.509008407592773]
[2.9485301971435547]
[9.499576568603516]
[0.643216609954834]
[20.685842514038086]
[16.01726722717285]
[9.529699325561523]
[2.2128968238830566]
[2.733955144882202]
[1.6022557020187378]
[107.7602767944336]
[71.21073913574219]
[2.779625654220581]
[119.4755630493164]
[1.8045543432235718]
[264.3268737792969]
[0.4100702404975891]
[3.624464750289917]
[4.594449996948242]
[0.2108231782913208]
[22.90567398071289]
[0.719352126121521]
[0.20868732035160065]
[15.201355934143066]
[2.5081512928009033]
[39.613487243652344]
[165.73416137695312]
[0.4265795052051544]
[0.6918388605117798]
[0.6703616380691528]
[123.8211441040039]
[0.17340058088302612]
[4.777411937713623]
[2.1198577880859375]
[83.6957015991211]
[53.957183837890625]
[4.320594787597656]
[0.16285818815231323]
[7.78852653503418]
[6.658774375915527]
[56.43317794799805]
[1.7381138801574707]
[4.199664115905762]
[19.453723907470703]
[21.92531967163086]
[40.250736236572266]
[0.6545364856719971]
[56.316009521484375]
[8.660104751586914]
[3.0141441822052]
[6.989501953125]
[0.860659658908844]
[3.6129860877990723]
[1.9923501014709473]
[47.18547821044922]
[0.1880626082420349]
[6.3419036865234375]
[1.1313328742980957]
[0.29964736104011536]
[7.771094799041748]
[121.45687866210938]
[7.620317459106445]
[2.9138355255126953]
[0.1566583812236786]
[0.23892992734909058]
[2.0526785850524902]
[607.9090576171875]
[0.927743673324585]
[0.8043074011802673]
[8.220229148864746]
[57.68382263183594]
[1.7466288805007935]
[0.6339709162712097]
[0.16452999413013458]
[9.130105972290039]
[1.214400053024292]
[1.7151947021484375]
[2.3712453842163086]
[1.2701336145401]
[4.978483200073242]
[111.6769790649414]
[1.6928387880325317]
[67.00779724121094]
[1.2773264646530151]
[0.9402596354484558]
[1874.388916015625]
[3.4503369331359863]
[3.2055776119232178]
[1471.87451171875]
[1.237707495689392]
[4.774613857269287]
[7.4221720695495605]
[4.348127365112305]
[2.83510160446167]
[89.784423828125]
[3.4153664112091064]
[7.72231388092041]
[3.060990333557129]
[3.262465238571167]
[7.340574264526367]
[2.006720542907715]
[20.950227737426758]
[1.14591646194458]
[14.284797668457031]
[4.7171220779418945]
[3.609863519668579]
[1.6778842210769653]
[7.050334930419922]
[14.423731803894043]
[3.854797124862671]
[36.501304626464844]
[14.322400093078613]
[10.126715660095215]
[2.161860942840576]
[131.0392608642578]
[8.6497802734375]
[1.183302879333496]
[19.560638427734375]
[10.391937255859375]
[17.960878372192383]
[8.236564636230469]
[0.31764063239097595]
[14.67071533203125]
[8.368770599365234]
[74.67678833007812]
[0.32310089468955994]
[0.5845876932144165]
[3.4975128173828125]
[2.206101894378662]
[11.916247367858887]
[0.790177583694458]
[125.77212524414062]
[163.9102325439453]
[4.940096855163574]
[0.5704396963119507]
[16.559545516967773]
[37.72991180419922]
[4.068553447723389]
[1.1140044927597046]
[8.059085845947266]
[7.886005401611328]
[1.1869345903396606]
[37.862308502197266]
[3.257988691329956]
[12.20594596862793]
[36.9704475402832]
[5.924814224243164]
[0.3232904374599457]
[0.5486986637115479]
[6.26400899887085]
[157.59849548339844]
[24.664636611938477]
[2.36995792388916]
[2.2642159461975098]
[11.665770530700684]
[0.15930768847465515]
[3.6568846702575684]
[4.545995712280273]
[2.890655517578125]
[7.892279148101807]
[175.5369873046875]
[0.2696784734725952]
[0.8015823364257812]
[1.8244937658309937]
[1.7028111219406128]
[2.7897210121154785]
[8.977616310119629]
[43.647274017333984]
[3.727227210998535]
[126.21965789794922]
[335.156494140625]
[16.270034790039062]
[8.768265724182129]
[6.675032138824463]
[1.5241626501083374]
[5.8458733558654785]
[2.151282787322998]
[31.634750366210938]
[112.8642578125]
[0.9267608523368835]
[19.69953155517578]
[1.5156382322311401]
[0.7578926086425781]
[19.53754234313965]
[6.8825531005859375]
[0.6984810829162598]
[0.7102570533752441]
[7.470914840698242]
[356.1737060546875]
[2.0876717567443848]
[8.132410049438477]
[6.214545726776123]
[0.6225419640541077]
[7.618946552276611]
[6.059648036956787]
[1.4868156909942627]
[95.68962097167969]
[0.75346839427948]
[12.967554092407227]
[7.048156261444092]
[5.521442413330078]
[6.140797138214111]
[5.429182529449463]
[0.8365927338600159]
[1.1121710538864136]
[3.987293004989624]
[0.7158733606338501]
[0.1918320506811142]
[0.717815101146698]
[1.493314266204834]
[11.962807655334473]
[0.7272672057151794]
[4.61961555480957]
[134.55369567871094]
[70.77503204345703]
[22.595373153686523]
[7.652624130249023]
[1.7651742696762085]
[0.16217216849327087]
[0.15384399890899658]
[1.267138957977295]
[1.325433611869812]
[3.040640354156494]
[0.5084664821624756]
[0.6602141857147217]
[0.8586507439613342]
[0.14338761568069458]
[0.14262919127941132]
[0.3710230886936188]
[0.5396808385848999]
[0.20137833058834076]
[30.616832733154297]
[69.16033172607422]
[0.7337189316749573]
[10.155928611755371]
[3.902569532394409]
[0.18063898384571075]
[116.13552856445312]
[3.4101290702819824]
[0.4763724207878113]
[1.2969821691513062]
[0.5749380588531494]
[13.21136474609375]
[14.99756145477295]
[8.84665298461914]
[37.066131591796875]
[1.2020412683486938]
[4.1233439445495605]
[0.8116735816001892]
[0.27202844619750977]
[4.491949081420898]
[8.848060607910156]
[8.005752563476562]
[0.36668670177459717]
[0.22564513981342316]
[5.6706438064575195]
[3.4741525650024414]
[1.4574487209320068]
[4.496039867401123]
[0.5158785581588745]
[1708.67724609375]
[89.83868408203125]
[0.6696987152099609]
[108.56554412841797]
[1.2244369983673096]
[5.475686073303223]
[19.3432674407959]
[261.3031005859375]
[2.656731605529785]
[0.7431186437606812]
[5.365908145904541]
[15.396985054016113]
[3.462066650390625]
[5.461958408355713]
[0.545229434967041]
[34.18185043334961]
[72.27214050292969]
[2.5456862449645996]
[1.9859775304794312]
[82.5015640258789]
[0.29741543531417847]
[5.796510219573975]
[14.999828338623047]
[258.92767333984375]
[1.4923449754714966]
[0.5621820688247681]
[1.7221980094909668]
[1.6053047180175781]
[2.0697224140167236]
[3.9523820877075195]
[3.075274705886841]
[1.9842699766159058]
[70.52975463867188]
[1.1488205194473267]
[9.938681602478027]
[67.90177917480469]
[1.3142521381378174]
[7.2217512130737305]
[7.480018138885498]
[0.8136723041534424]
[36.18354034423828]
[19.12040901184082]
[1997.9827880859375]
[24.463945388793945]
[0.10331185162067413]
[5.459322452545166]
[22.39315414428711]
[4.519579887390137]
[4.081480026245117]
[0.7889963388442993]
[402.6811828613281]
[70.65794372558594]
[10.858929634094238]
[4.7362775802612305]
[26.775611877441406]
[3.887387990951538]
[0.8008817434310913]
[0.6676565408706665]
[13.849252700805664]
[23.5368595123291]
[84.12360382080078]
[2.6112265586853027]
[11.622045516967773]
[25.385009765625]
[6.940993785858154]
[9.146930694580078]
[5.077559947967529]
[137.22201538085938]
[2.0618765354156494]
[4.781027317047119]
[4.635988235473633]
[13.084232330322266]
[1.0853291749954224]
[2.7908692359924316]
[57.47917938232422]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[6.571500301361084]
[12.692137718200684]
[8.404716491699219]
[8.302302360534668]
[6.716226577758789]
[0.3635811507701874]
[78.6915054321289]
[6.970508575439453]
[11.433734893798828]
[4.462960720062256]
[2.383344888687134]
[17.054819107055664]
[2.8568532466888428]
[1.2950457334518433]
[1.0744433403015137]
[8.311383247375488]
[2.5514252185821533]
[8.086040496826172]
[7.390433311462402]
[1884.41259765625]
[5.664028167724609]
[76.02423095703125]
[115.96540069580078]
[1.1063801050186157]
[0.5223479866981506]
[2.867307662963867]
[7.365849494934082]
[80.5722427368164]
[117.95030975341797]
[4.2011189460754395]
[14.264527320861816]
[52.04401397705078]
[325.33734130859375]
[9.304484367370605]
[184.6051788330078]
[2.826683282852173]
[5.102591514587402]
[6.543015003204346]
[6.1490373611450195]
[2.4854493141174316]
[74.09942626953125]
[9.342536926269531]
[10.412391662597656]
[1.0493375062942505]
[6.029758453369141]
[2.41324520111084]
[118.27273559570312]
[2.8351776599884033]
[4.428478240966797]
[20.3007869720459]
[0.7143219709396362]
[119.54659271240234]
[0.425837904214859]
[6.367202281951904]
[9.948646545410156]
[1.1124367713928223]
[66.92595672607422]
[34.27901840209961]
[9.996997833251953]
[16.343387603759766]
[5.774771213531494]
[4.1090898513793945]
[5.308765888214111]
[178.65773010253906]
[2.858748197555542]
[1.728703260421753]
[5.536008358001709]
[4.883197784423828]
[3.671769142150879]
[0.7791857719421387]
[7.030242443084717]
[14.163801193237305]
[0.664592981338501]
[22.028005599975586]
[1.198972225189209]
[160.2458038330078]
[2.2805428504943848]
[0.6769785284996033]
[3.5044426918029785]
[2.264420986175537]
[4.674830436706543]
[2.792548894882202]
[14.404058456420898]
[0.7362937331199646]
[0.42418164014816284]
[0.1519252061843872]
[4.514660358428955]
[103.21894836425781]
[6.720770835876465]
[5.992896556854248]
[12.355559349060059]
[0.48968514800071716]
[8.442381858825684]
[5.988041400909424]
[3.8699798583984375]
[2.549746513366699]
[8.105061531066895]
[148.86085510253906]
[0.3613499402999878]
[4.898832321166992]
[3.459512948989868]
[3.5138628482818604]
[98.92051696777344]
[75.6586685180664]
[0.7328127026557922]
[75.95657348632812]
[0.4488358199596405]
[2.1948935985565186]
[117.9433364868164]
[0.04298652708530426]
[0.8873250484466553]
[8.892861366271973]
[78.13787841796875]
[1.7229429483413696]
[0.48032763600349426]
[0.6332327723503113]
[7.265498161315918]
[0.5428133606910706]
[3.925067186355591]
[1.170576572418213]
[4.520544052124023]
[4.408702373504639]
[0.4874674081802368]
[2.0737578868865967]
[84.6937026977539]
[0.5194664597511292]
[2.2987756729125977]
[8.04312515258789]
[0.46865636110305786]
[4.474566459655762]
[3.004549264907837]
[0.8133459687232971]
[3.689551591873169]
[91.90872192382812]
[0.5533078908920288]
[0.35460221767425537]
[0.806277334690094]
[7.672034740447998]
[5.74302864074707]
[0.42642104625701904]
[1.6484144926071167]
[67.6072006225586]
[8.492388725280762]
[2.4030911922454834]
[10.327753067016602]
[2.5503296852111816]
[0.8319396376609802]
[22.545272827148438]
[3.227299690246582]
[2.4962148666381836]
[1.0129798650741577]
[0.2111189216375351]
[50.204345703125]
[6.569169521331787]
[5.741079330444336]
[0.5930018424987793]
[0.6661704778671265]
[0.4737744927406311]
[0.38259947299957275]
[1.5861283540725708]
[0.11715307831764221]
[0.2673936188220978]
[0.30601435899734497]
[8.579137802124023]
[0.9072635769844055]
[0.9457076787948608]
[66.19332885742188]
[1.8765796422958374]
[1.0851637125015259]
[0.1198713406920433]
[3.598794460296631]
[122.6567611694336]
[0.6761703491210938]
[5.131443023681641]
[126.85400390625]
[0.5299278497695923]
[8.694454193115234]
[132.92495727539062]
[2.7274460792541504]
[34.06285095214844]
[0.6870495080947876]
[0.3050459921360016]
[0.11619088798761368]
[1.128491997718811]
[1.3017865419387817]
[131.69186401367188]
[2.3699982166290283]
[0.6734721660614014]
[5.572203159332275]
[0.3985042870044708]
[0.8042874336242676]
[1.3050211668014526]
[1.4539929628372192]
[0.2991730570793152]
[2.9637300968170166]
[9.582144737243652]
[2.236384391784668]
[0.8174541592597961]
[5.959982395172119]
[1.343986988067627]
[9.485825538635254]
[0.11914218962192535]
[0.47279396653175354]
[0.4463613033294678]
[8.422499656677246]
[2.7488839626312256]
[1.364266037940979]
[0.33365899324417114]
[4.436020851135254]
[1.4161021709442139]
[2093.8173828125]
[2.5669050216674805]
[6.130103588104248]
[2.839754581451416]
[16.513856887817383]
[1.8111953735351562]
[0.17540821433067322]
[73.42326354980469]
[61.202362060546875]
[0.7062799334526062]
[5.7536702156066895]
[0.2611428499221802]
[12.643996238708496]
[9.994741439819336]
[0.2039722204208374]
[1.716168999671936]
[5.760417938232422]
[2.2311596870422363]
[6.812523365020752]
[1.3360673189163208]
[5.950097560882568]
[4.169935703277588]
[8.985264778137207]
[4.219655990600586]
[9.301563262939453]
[6.1523919105529785]
[173.39520263671875]
[13.009862899780273]
[16.241792678833008]
[63.78273391723633]
[9.212397575378418]
[3.964587450027466]
[10.19970989227295]
[0.8163698315620422]
[21.57892608642578]
[3.0787627696990967]
[5.970144748687744]
[19.49229621887207]
[307.49237060546875]
[19.265352249145508]
[1.4869319200515747]
[6.048708915710449]
[7.52659797668457]
[4.567656993865967]
[2.729952812194824]
[0.22596579790115356]
[73.44440460205078]
[1.3321809768676758]
[79.90508270263672]
[2.088880777359009]
[2.2261688709259033]
[105.13607788085938]
[9.97817325592041]
[1.4847471714019775]
[2.7380919456481934]
[0.9415131211280823]
[1.2702020406723022]
[0.9008173942565918]
[3.6530401706695557]
[4.402646064758301]
[6.054725170135498]
[3.729755163192749]
[6.178024768829346]
[20.18958854675293]
[2.1322877407073975]
[101.51237487792969]
[6.967708587646484]
[0.7129024267196655]
[5.779966354370117]
[3.838010787963867]
[0.2006862461566925]
[8.6565523147583]
[1.0639082193374634]
[4.2838544845581055]
[0.492639422416687]
[0.17340797185897827]
[1.188961148262024]
[1.5615941286087036]
[112.58908081054688]
[1.1701078414916992]
[87.54766845703125]
[0.17980410158634186]
[1.1411995887756348]
[2.4445090293884277]
[250.61260986328125]
[23.844768524169922]
[0.5006530284881592]
[1.2231673002243042]
[0.5711103677749634]
[3.0447113513946533]
[8.245057106018066]
[10.26218032836914]
[3.296386480331421]
[7.422319412231445]
[1.0350052118301392]
[2.43456768989563]
[2.0464589595794678]
[0.5570662617683411]
[9.811263084411621]
[477.0020446777344]
[1.1556087732315063]
[0.21707698702812195]
[0.8164768815040588]
[1.6978622674942017]
[13.525609970092773]
[4.669421672821045]
[6.064596652984619]
[0.10110532492399216]
[61.6286735534668]
[0.7423989772796631]
[5.28023624420166]
[3.010859489440918]
[0.2381674349308014]
[0.5501552820205688]
[125.84939575195312]
[56.6718864440918]
[66.22735595703125]
[2.8248043060302734]
[2.262637138366699]
[48.02847671508789]
[4.2775797843933105]
[8.112041473388672]
[2.5227510929107666]
[102.09435272216797]
[0.7732919454574585]
[12.784754753112793]
[4.858527183532715]
[5.852514743804932]
[17.407291412353516]
[0.33410245180130005]
[0.2456919103860855]
[0.1559409499168396]
[3.237276077270508]
[1.3801255226135254]
[2.467212677001953]
[1.8642401695251465]
[0.14793959259986877]
[1.9979254007339478]
[0.3818342685699463]
[0.3290865421295166]
[34.33008575439453]
[8.207293510437012]
[0.28770825266838074]
[5.910006046295166]
[0.897472620010376]
[0.3629288375377655]
[2.1474738121032715]
[6.867095470428467]
[1.266667366027832]
[0.22650854289531708]
[0.56938636302948]
[130.1988525390625]
[1.4055076837539673]
[2.0830090045928955]
[0.31483131647109985]
[0.5877285003662109]
[2.5514211654663086]
[7.091097831726074]
[4.374708652496338]
[0.5141481161117554]
[10.774272918701172]
[106.02914428710938]
[0.3157414495944977]
[5.6564178466796875]
[2.343981981277466]
[84.9649429321289]
[0.22793835401535034]
[94.95442199707031]
[1.1157937049865723]
[1.4509774446487427]
[1.1557936668395996]
[2.1423165798187256]
[35.261653900146484]
[25.68499755859375]
[226.99691772460938]
[0.9079145193099976]
[2.4738450050354004]
[2.718477249145508]
[37.9424934387207]
[152.0616912841797]
[248.68685913085938]
[0.12077458202838898]
[651.4230346679688]
[105.30612182617188]
[2.0072031021118164]
[17.746498107910156]
[1.0378323793411255]
[128.95399475097656]
[0.6756460666656494]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2079.5263671875]
[1.8020329475402832]
[0.1297997385263443]
[0.15403330326080322]
[12.501399993896484]
[0.2625589370727539]
[166.97926330566406]
[8.8584623336792]
[8.269340515136719]
[23.364574432373047]
[41.98482894897461]
[0.3693464696407318]
[4.404012680053711]
[2.654547929763794]
[20.843412399291992]
[2.9177939891815186]
[1.5600590705871582]
[1.8159767389297485]
[11.807286262512207]
[2.411555528640747]
[77.25822448730469]
[83.16678619384766]
[8.535289764404297]
[2.645230770111084]
[80.27880096435547]
[26.47271728515625]
[4.042764663696289]
[8.102678298950195]
[5.527548789978027]
[0.4878970980644226]
[3.172436475753784]
[314.31036376953125]
[25.928627014160156]
[0.24928615987300873]
[2.2718000411987305]
[19.79827308654785]
[4.8374223709106445]
[83.56539154052734]
[0.7366990447044373]
[5.370255947113037]
[1.4384225606918335]
[4.9997453689575195]
[6.411490440368652]
[0.5857635140419006]
[0.2961604595184326]
[2.5628533363342285]
[7.081732273101807]
[1.4432069063186646]
[12.635553359985352]
[8.135058403015137]
[1.0722441673278809]
[4.163406848907471]
[6.059610366821289]
[0.88824462890625]
[14.481378555297852]
[1.0488195419311523]
[4.310079574584961]
[2.428467035293579]
[7.110921859741211]
[0.9923635721206665]
[107.21385955810547]
[0.2002287656068802]
[2826.953857421875]
[5.251955509185791]
[3.2381224632263184]
[5.779416561126709]
[573.6531982421875]
[1.62858247756958]
[6.2259955406188965]
[6.998861312866211]
[110.3468246459961]
[129.60562133789062]
[25.35446548461914]
[17.749374389648438]
[3.901862144470215]
[45.13249969482422]
[0.9145306944847107]
[20.60125732421875]
[5.417690277099609]
[0.8580256700515747]
[3.438223361968994]
[9.829299926757812]
[4.057154655456543]
[183.1025390625]
[7.454706192016602]
[33.500389099121094]
[2.4316225051879883]
[13.086848258972168]
[2.6142280101776123]
[11.179630279541016]
[16.718276977539062]
[0.41355645656585693]
[0.8411980271339417]
[12.66616439819336]
[3.1788816452026367]
[2.679543972015381]
[8.590431213378906]
[27.162403106689453]
[10.761085510253906]
[40.4257926940918]
[21.37804412841797]
[5.144496917724609]
[64.34308624267578]
[73.00983428955078]
[16.23242950439453]
[0.9130873680114746]
[21.087778091430664]
[6.6529154777526855]
[1.7376654148101807]
[3.0286409854888916]
[4.911632537841797]
[13.644460678100586]
[7.955555438995361]
[1.175255537033081]
[1.9017727375030518]
[2.403019666671753]
[0.3385082483291626]
[22.5190486907959]
[100.64373779296875]
[1.6413514614105225]
[5.988856315612793]
[5.957755088806152]
[0.4061214327812195]
[2.891674280166626]
[4.055970191955566]
[0.8651382327079773]
[1.3382847309112549]
[12.607010841369629]
[1.3216301202774048]
[13.930665016174316]
[0.09842196106910706]
[4.120461940765381]
[11.62788200378418]
[72.13104248046875]
[8.19571590423584]
[347.3578186035156]
[1.27984619140625]
[0.22884516417980194]
[1.699547290802002]
[138.3644561767578]
[0.4860662817955017]
[9.055773735046387]
[0.5203671455383301]
[1.118769645690918]
[0.8831266760826111]
[0.4485389292240143]
[1.256826400756836]
[2.8548166751861572]
[4.381839275360107]
[2.338197708129883]
[7.350395679473877]
[0.7408693432807922]
[13.165519714355469]
[10.117145538330078]
[5.425570487976074]
[71.26050567626953]
[0.4764740467071533]
[1.7820289134979248]
[3.6956238746643066]
[4.559704303741455]
[1.190081238746643]
[2.0141398906707764]
[0.16498656570911407]
[2.193420648574829]
[1.881007432937622]
[0.7365218997001648]
[75.71936798095703]
[3.097644090652466]
[3.7572693824768066]
[2.949122428894043]
[0.13232587277889252]
[15.086172103881836]
[261.5086975097656]
[140.86727905273438]
[0.7300342321395874]
[3.9051952362060547]
[0.9141004085540771]
[1.7161413431167603]
[9.54922866821289]
[17.836387634277344]
[0.13720907270908356]
[0.18614105880260468]
[0.1401294767856598]
[36.63908004760742]
[1.2656621932983398]
[0.07931830734014511]
[0.4037787914276123]
[18.237834930419922]
[1.8552409410476685]
[5.762749671936035]
[17.671506881713867]
[48.9881591796875]
[87.81188201904297]
[7.880183696746826]
[1.415129542350769]
[6.658842086791992]
[5.523372650146484]
[0.3834487497806549]
[1.7766990661621094]
[3.583981990814209]
[0.8679988980293274]
[10.447956085205078]
[0.8826563954353333]
[54.9200439453125]
[36.340702056884766]
[82.34114074707031]
[0.40465572476387024]
[78.4885025024414]
[3.028249740600586]
[0.3742929697036743]
[0.17862926423549652]
[9.238687515258789]
[0.41125327348709106]
[1.7569137811660767]
[8.405637741088867]
[1.110224723815918]
[0.4954195022583008]
[51.47615051269531]
[12.639067649841309]
[5.02169942855835]
[2.570481538772583]
[46.4200325012207]
[1.627976417541504]
[1.8432713747024536]
[0.3055770993232727]
[12.51960563659668]
[1.54628586769104]
[41.97428894042969]
[0.17754486203193665]
[7.9736714363098145]
[3.4850974082946777]
[2.6758339405059814]
[9.504850387573242]
[4.440334320068359]
[1.3505079746246338]
[8.483916282653809]
[0.8856076598167419]
[1540.8223876953125]
[5.234449863433838]
[5.263129234313965]
[15.397259712219238]
[57.05543518066406]
[0.8918249607086182]
[1.9728060960769653]
[48.713138580322266]
[2.432666063308716]
[23.488059997558594]
[1.2184171676635742]
[5.286891460418701]
[78.98199462890625]
[3.684462308883667]
[1.4182263612747192]
[2.802314043045044]
[1.557410478591919]
[6.777623176574707]
[0.23313912749290466]
[1.13054621219635]
[0.299485445022583]
[7.859019756317139]
[4.980716705322266]
[4.859438419342041]
[9.212833404541016]
[21.248767852783203]
[0.6063742637634277]
[9.364798545837402]
[1.7485113143920898]
[32.76459884643555]
[15.704233169555664]
[4.308293342590332]
[5.180978775024414]
[3.907438039779663]
[408.1333312988281]
[11.283702850341797]
[12.814796447753906]
[3.1690762042999268]
[0.8830484747886658]
[0.2547709345817566]
[0.7671511173248291]
[188.28448486328125]
[1.2141258716583252]
[3.1827285289764404]
[2.251279592514038]
[5.725449085235596]
[3.0611560344696045]
[57.24349594116211]
[21.588777542114258]
[2.582627773284912]
[3.670602798461914]
[4.221400737762451]
[5.4075398445129395]
[2.0373892784118652]
[0.8295881152153015]
[3.1308963298797607]
[1.363919973373413]
[0.09529013931751251]
[339.4613952636719]
[0.22574442625045776]
[2.755417585372925]
[4.560361862182617]
[2.567164659500122]
[125.0950698852539]
[60.216224670410156]
[6.465739727020264]
[12.087627410888672]
[0.9535637497901917]
[0.3244827687740326]
[9.027162551879883]
[4.49672794342041]
[2.069749355316162]
[9.289327621459961]
[4.392305374145508]
[1.4031379222869873]
[10.325389862060547]
[134.1710968017578]
[4.582674503326416]
[2.2236275672912598]
[139.13990783691406]
[0.19045279920101166]
[2.0285942554473877]
[0.14736829698085785]
[2.193983554840088]
[0.742779552936554]
[82.98126983642578]
[6.9259257316589355]
[68.92118072509766]
[19.049766540527344]
[0.446961909532547]
[2.2079546451568604]
[65.91693115234375]
[1.7008215188980103]
[1.6988641023635864]
[1.853411078453064]
[0.5775213837623596]
[90.34679412841797]
[44.38410568237305]
[6.021026611328125]
[2.682035446166992]
[0.276275098323822]
[77.90890502929688]
[12.68109130859375]
[4.234789848327637]
[0.25163689255714417]
[3.8438005447387695]
[8.631802558898926]
[271.9201965332031]
[1.2074054479599]
[0.0912507176399231]
[1.0352836847305298]
[60.813350677490234]
[12.354192733764648]
[3.0821194648742676]
[1.1259181499481201]
[4.204852104187012]
[0.19326698780059814]
[108.45769500732422]
[3.7631232738494873]
[6.041562080383301]
[3.40376353263855]
[61.535579681396484]
[0.6938252449035645]
[28.8176212310791]
[12.4982328414917]
[2.104375123977661]
[6.207581996917725]
[0.14869660139083862]
[59.37434005737305]
[3.1580352783203125]
[85.11405944824219]
[3.6421170234680176]
[0.7517509460449219]
[0.693610668182373]
[3.0810205936431885]
[52.755794525146484]
[5.832244873046875]
[0.8192057013511658]
[2.116556406021118]
[5.223264694213867]
[0.1604924350976944]
[55.9868278503418]
[0.28231117129325867]
[127.06546783447266]
[17.137767791748047]
[1.4847674369812012]
[1.685386300086975]
[15.328531265258789]
[3.3412954807281494]
[2.5782735347747803]
[0.6124750375747681]
[0.1402144432067871]
[5.559222221374512]
[7.183407783508301]
[1.8741978406906128]
[5.907430648803711]
[0.14807675778865814]
[16.657987594604492]
[3.8778090476989746]
[1.8495887517929077]
[1.3595141172409058]
[5.221160888671875]
[0.28219321370124817]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[11.92473030090332]
[186.55996704101562]
[5.864055633544922]
[7.319070339202881]
[1.528979778289795]
[0.5608104467391968]
[10.696340560913086]
[0.40510109066963196]
[15.306408882141113]
[0.24601726233959198]
[2.504295825958252]
[74.62393188476562]
[0.9069890379905701]
[0.32633769512176514]
[3.901305913925171]
[5.699504852294922]
[4.4894819259643555]
[0.4789196848869324]
[9.403166770935059]
[0.055767398327589035]
[89.47866821289062]
[0.6913081407546997]
[3.591512680053711]
[2.7585701942443848]
[1.7249383926391602]
[9.460810661315918]
[0.7660711407661438]
[0.8666188716888428]
[58.11863708496094]
[4.589294910430908]
[79.57792663574219]
[1.360021710395813]
[3.0667409896850586]
[0.5481863617897034]
[293.23541259765625]
[0.3521469533443451]
[1.0539053678512573]
[1.5262190103530884]
[0.5932257175445557]
[2.7617056369781494]
[3.834716558456421]
[257.0619201660156]
[3.0278594493865967]
[6.971236705780029]
[0.26248612999916077]
[1.0820763111114502]
[4.7154860496521]
[62.16400909423828]
[4.836832523345947]
[0.5815978646278381]
[3.7393932342529297]
[2.010023832321167]
[1.4728161096572876]
[0.5786897540092468]
[6.232759952545166]
[4.510960102081299]
[0.5470389723777771]
[0.6985790729522705]
[60.170265197753906]
[0.6080246567726135]
[0.6056485176086426]
[1.012071967124939]
[64.36335754394531]
[2.319383144378662]
[269.69091796875]
[1.1459245681762695]
[1.610365867614746]
[0.2364732176065445]
[0.5165964365005493]
[2.7278738021850586]
[125.14264678955078]
[5.9484171867370605]
[0.7948272824287415]
[4.308237552642822]
[1.6895174980163574]
[313.60955810546875]
[10.995064735412598]
[0.18128041923046112]
[244.24298095703125]
[0.6658908724784851]
[1.9499915838241577]
[0.653147280216217]
[1.9536913633346558]
[1.3773162364959717]
[2.02546763420105]
[3.772988796234131]
[5.562371253967285]
[12.5711669921875]
[100.7091293334961]
[146.28140258789062]
[61.05036926269531]
[7.3728837966918945]
[2.8319311141967773]
[139.29290771484375]
[0.905397355556488]
[7.599090576171875]
[164.47091674804688]
[0.9208025932312012]
[1.7822201251983643]
[3.5826570987701416]
[140.54718017578125]
[86.95221710205078]
[1.1068516969680786]
[65.38329315185547]
[67.90892791748047]
[0.3472019135951996]
[24.061250686645508]
[4.614435195922852]
[4.944391250610352]
[17.331504821777344]
[4.2517008781433105]
[1.533929705619812]
[1.022911787033081]
[1.816495418548584]
[10.003636360168457]
[10.836470603942871]
[23.492511749267578]
[0.3123733699321747]
[2.0942723751068115]
[0.37952983379364014]
[2.269622564315796]
[4.518007755279541]
[12.930130958557129]
[6.978766441345215]
[3.809049367904663]
[0.9780391454696655]
[8.599023818969727]
[0.8039782047271729]
[5.8360395431518555]
[1.7805109024047852]
[0.33081886172294617]
[0.42898645997047424]
[0.2908366322517395]
[8.308993339538574]
[6.615749359130859]
[129.9561004638672]
[9.768448829650879]
[2.077512264251709]
[8.660210609436035]
[0.7313892245292664]
[1.8077409267425537]
[2.322861909866333]
[4.800786018371582]
[0.41396602988243103]
[0.5466537475585938]
[1.2771131992340088]
[0.5086079835891724]
[0.19798265397548676]
[1.9212015867233276]
[5.295009136199951]
[3.6750378608703613]
[0.5624284744262695]
[6.165814399719238]
[1.5274096727371216]
[14.221287727355957]
[0.18111532926559448]
[0.48973584175109863]
[0.8078495860099792]
[0.8075644969940186]
[6.810998916625977]
[0.24517017602920532]
[17.247657775878906]
[1.4730290174484253]
[30.3066463470459]
[5.564520359039307]
[15.071991920471191]
[16.689956665039062]
[4.989492893218994]
[3.7253103256225586]
[4.067728042602539]
[1.5525312423706055]
[2.690675973892212]
[5.3540754318237305]
[12.850264549255371]
[0.6038225889205933]
[56.950408935546875]
[3.2484755516052246]
[0.185593381524086]
[45.011043548583984]
[0.6571284532546997]
[2.4591166973114014]
[1.127677083015442]
[0.15558651089668274]
[4.069732189178467]
[0.8108253479003906]
[3.1773841381073]
[0.9569543600082397]
[0.7001907229423523]
[0.5875746011734009]
[0.2768798768520355]
[68.15894317626953]
[0.4285472631454468]
[2.548337459564209]
[4.618666648864746]
[0.4586048126220703]
[2.1466686725616455]
[2.9312424659729004]
[70.01920318603516]
[6.161259174346924]
[6.179286479949951]
[1.0362123250961304]
[4.930603504180908]
[0.404153972864151]
[0.13741791248321533]
[1.448893427848816]
[10.459237098693848]
[0.78963303565979]
[2.8917348384857178]
[3.2607970237731934]
[0.8751918077468872]
[2.7788901329040527]
[55.70713424682617]
[48.9109992980957]
[4.475416660308838]
[1.4167053699493408]
[0.8158825039863586]
[5.009377956390381]
[0.154970183968544]
[4.645862579345703]
[0.754291832447052]
[0.33505114912986755]
[0.6786924004554749]
[0.5431568026542664]
[64.99935150146484]
[0.7965908646583557]
[0.7234623432159424]
[1.1508787870407104]
[0.9490640163421631]
[0.22791853547096252]
[3.505920648574829]
[1.4632529020309448]
[4.004860877990723]
[3.2812976837158203]
[46.615909576416016]
[0.19021524488925934]
[4.05526876449585]
[15.811436653137207]
[8.820784568786621]
[90.24031066894531]
[2.9959681034088135]
[5.493562698364258]
[54.678829193115234]
[1.9202499389648438]
[2.2783427238464355]
[5.12209939956665]
[57.13190460205078]
[1.1861215829849243]
[7.050739288330078]
[5.8557024002075195]
[0.5385733842849731]
[3.2142624855041504]
[2.020156145095825]
[1.8562465906143188]
[67.65225982666016]
[0.7355555891990662]
[3.554863691329956]
[2.624593496322632]
[0.16371577978134155]
[0.2822330892086029]
[1.7193905115127563]
[14.642333984375]
[79.75686645507812]
[6.760227680206299]
[12.690855979919434]
[1.2112849950790405]
[0.9678816199302673]
[179.0899200439453]
[31.622718811035156]
[4.392589569091797]
[9.519425392150879]
[0.49343663454055786]
[4.609541416168213]
[53.16346740722656]
[122.39273071289062]
[1296.916015625]
[0.39247435331344604]
[13.845664024353027]
[4.236665725708008]
[37.89519500732422]
[120.40876770019531]
[14.358684539794922]
[60.60330581665039]
[215.54510498046875]
[0.2546059787273407]
[0.4007629454135895]
[64.69454956054688]
[27.575904846191406]
[9.57401180267334]
[4.6251983642578125]
[11.874626159667969]
[4.375922203063965]
[1.851692795753479]
[3.4795942306518555]
[2.599595308303833]
[6.473153591156006]
[16.319747924804688]
[0.802498996257782]
[24.196985244750977]
[0.5544353723526001]
[0.5538381338119507]
[2.3617353439331055]
[18.55301284790039]
[13.275572776794434]
[78.90005493164062]
[1.019769310951233]
[20.392929077148438]
[41.45979309082031]
[3.425119400024414]
[45.55767059326172]
[0.12240158021450043]
[0.5157248973846436]
[0.4301258325576782]
[7.722285270690918]
[4.409021377563477]
[0.1646399050951004]
[174.8752899169922]
[6.7964982986450195]
[3.6287946701049805]
[10.982863426208496]
[153.1007843017578]
[68.24347686767578]
[8.946420669555664]
[107.14356231689453]
[6.084920883178711]
[5.720381259918213]
[10.462141036987305]
[25.198745727539062]
[2.884239912033081]
[0.15414609014987946]
[7.420300483703613]
[2.0260708332061768]
[15.8936767578125]
[96.07107543945312]
[1.569083571434021]
[125.68610382080078]
[0.4110689163208008]
[0.7087892293930054]
[99.23702239990234]
[7.9855241775512695]
[6.2753705978393555]
[6.981323719024658]
[1.084180474281311]
[118.9974136352539]
[1.0496411323547363]
[5.4984846115112305]
[2.0869650840759277]
[11.555802345275879]
[0.4844774007797241]
[1.75749933719635]
[1.9634782075881958]
[68.1858139038086]
[1.7848132848739624]
[5.379749298095703]
[5.739821910858154]
[24.959362030029297]
[0.3056361973285675]
[1.8843655586242676]
[5.762853622436523]
[8.505075454711914]
[0.4648662507534027]
[8.840869903564453]
[1.269412875175476]
[0.75328528881073]
[9.348947525024414]
[0.15230558812618256]
[7.078901767730713]
[2.125025987625122]
[4.366769790649414]
[279.5282287597656]
[1.1002122163772583]
[40.454551696777344]
[8.820289611816406]
[0.06430308520793915]
[0.8543704748153687]
[1.1083619594573975]
[0.2918800711631775]
[34.28627014160156]
[3.1842312812805176]
[0.856575071811676]
[3.323590040206909]
[5.175695896148682]
[0.16278429329395294]
[0.1107093021273613]
[18.121179580688477]
[3.797567129135132]
[89.1843490600586]
[2.3592984676361084]
[5.423223495483398]
[1.8962678909301758]
[0.5856012105941772]
[32.898292541503906]
[5.3048095703125]
[0.5361921787261963]
[148.05201721191406]
[0.5324254631996155]
[24.6837215423584]
[1.1129204034805298]
[0.6773399114608765]
[9.486223220825195]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[12.515893936157227]
[4.6380462646484375]
[0.34546616673469543]
[182.35276794433594]
[3.898559331893921]
[4.831531047821045]
[9.304734230041504]
[71.17691802978516]
[2.6942484378814697]
[6.315286636352539]
[1.8587121963500977]
[3.6287789344787598]
[0.19626568257808685]
[5.903244495391846]
[0.15571199357509613]
[3.3623616695404053]
[45.067420959472656]
[4.376449108123779]
[5.866729259490967]
[4.234478950500488]
[7.904909133911133]
[127.2822494506836]
[1.220085620880127]
[3.4430344104766846]
[6.638073921203613]
[13.91128158569336]
[2.073361396789551]
[14.926424980163574]
[1.722756028175354]
[14.823521614074707]
[1.5638047456741333]
[1.3415501117706299]
[0.6280033588409424]
[1.113681435585022]
[1.6948374509811401]
[61.12957000732422]
[6.32514762878418]
[30.331411361694336]
[0.601462721824646]
[73.91520690917969]
[18.65121841430664]
[8.629122734069824]
[52.72889709472656]
[2.181147575378418]
[8.707500457763672]
[7.667438507080078]
[1.2546086311340332]
[12.358051300048828]
[4.8907365798950195]
[10.428203582763672]
[2.065392255783081]
[0.6060636043548584]
[6.312251567840576]
[57.67683029174805]
[7.217991352081299]
[0.8589203357696533]
[0.9993661642074585]
[1.0637426376342773]
[0.23672065138816833]
[2.7795116901397705]
[3.1093931198120117]
[4.613076686859131]
[1.08934485912323]
[2.1707258224487305]
[14.782868385314941]
[0.28623759746551514]
[100.04322052001953]
[74.31352996826172]
[1.243270754814148]
[23.141775131225586]
[0.34739136695861816]
[128.62721252441406]
[5.219264030456543]
[11.893138885498047]
[0.39432916045188904]
[0.47755497694015503]
[0.9881616830825806]
[0.19134487211704254]
[1.3649810552597046]
[37.29676055908203]
[1.1296638250350952]
[0.4380515217781067]
[1.8067011833190918]
[0.4118325114250183]
[3.2293853759765625]
[12.300859451293945]
[0.13388849794864655]
[0.907656729221344]
[11.864459991455078]
[2.075552225112915]
[1.8352973461151123]
[3.316756010055542]
[2.804988145828247]
[1.1289002895355225]
[5.010671615600586]
[0.6355329155921936]
[0.6348429918289185]
[10.955314636230469]
[12.73120403289795]
[1.90326726436615]
[4.682379245758057]
[0.19924864172935486]
[12.943314552307129]
[4.24137544631958]
[11.77169418334961]
[0.9139704704284668]
[0.47918570041656494]
[46.22061538696289]
[2.167632818222046]
[1.6832935810089111]
[0.6672802567481995]
[1.9334585666656494]
[1.1029950380325317]
[46.71061706542969]
[0.6853989362716675]
[1.021644949913025]
[0.29003915190696716]
[6.433109760284424]
[2.589151382446289]
[0.7207063436508179]
[0.2284957319498062]
[105.99810791015625]
[2.1371757984161377]
[5.146994113922119]
[0.9204230308532715]
[0.6725412607192993]
[13.084728240966797]
[5.479137420654297]
[55.626991271972656]
[0.8569862246513367]
[86.52653503417969]
[1.3315104246139526]
[2.0915567874908447]
[0.1965499073266983]
[90.66392517089844]
[0.8811622858047485]
[0.4426118731498718]
[0.9258288741111755]
[6.009109020233154]
[7.630501747131348]
[1.207778811454773]
[8.64881706237793]
[0.4435308873653412]
[3.250004291534424]
[2.264047145843506]
[6.821845054626465]
[1.5775927305221558]
[7.279785633087158]
[1.5566178560256958]
[0.5399506688117981]
[8.212903022766113]
[121.71818542480469]
[1.0794869661331177]
[0.27413225173950195]
[61.617488861083984]
[0.25302326679229736]
[2.0055439472198486]
[1.3582565784454346]
[0.17472165822982788]
[5.074670791625977]
[164.31529235839844]
[6.679787635803223]
[14.656428337097168]
[6.76431941986084]
[239.9842529296875]
[0.812569260597229]
[5.736337661743164]
[0.3942905366420746]
[1.1233413219451904]
[6.845686435699463]
[0.6066203117370605]
[0.1491512656211853]
[0.1983136683702469]
[2.9286606311798096]
[3.8159897327423096]
[6.342852592468262]
[2.0941381454467773]
[5.108682632446289]
[3.1265861988067627]
[91.29080200195312]
[54.83205032348633]
[91.87712860107422]
[0.8068085312843323]
[11.426216125488281]
[0.8834426999092102]
[3.003033399581909]
[11.465853691101074]
[0.2557121515274048]
[3.5710208415985107]
[0.20844314992427826]
[2.0405752658843994]
[38.8247184753418]
[3.489513874053955]
[0.16480937600135803]
[2.7387585639953613]
[11.360396385192871]
[1.529314398765564]
[3.179330825805664]
[29.51502227783203]
[57.646400451660156]
[1.2660149335861206]
[2.124692916870117]
[132.0335693359375]
[11.926663398742676]
[2.760890245437622]
[1.382278561592102]
[7.35942268371582]
[2.8439345359802246]
[45.33668899536133]
[63.9605598449707]
[1.8872129917144775]
[10.09765911102295]
[6.079047203063965]
[0.3545643985271454]
[2.3247485160827637]
[3.9537112712860107]
[0.5137801170349121]
[0.3164759576320648]
[7.714573860168457]
[1.5329504013061523]
[0.9185433983802795]
[0.057014841586351395]
[10.900157928466797]
[0.9349222779273987]
[1.6735385656356812]
[7.393914699554443]
[1.3897759914398193]
[11.595431327819824]
[0.8230358362197876]
[7.797622203826904]
[0.44098517298698425]
[105.75912475585938]
[1.2902824878692627]
[5.07682991027832]
[0.38140612840652466]
[0.4829868972301483]
[1.3709495067596436]
[61.39784622192383]
[0.3790895342826843]
[0.6022099852561951]
[119.82417297363281]
[1.359218955039978]
[0.15007179975509644]
[3.154978036880493]
[0.22391556203365326]
[0.5521332621574402]
[10.72668743133545]
[47.101993560791016]
[10.595871925354004]
[616.820556640625]
[37.075721740722656]
[10.526196479797363]
[7.263616561889648]
[2.3689217567443848]
[131.12403869628906]
[1.13394296169281]
[40.262611389160156]
[10.826916694641113]
[3.919919013977051]
[2.1706485748291016]
[0.5354177355766296]
[33.64836120605469]
[46.74534225463867]
[3.9705121517181396]
[14.428680419921875]
[8.71509075164795]
[3.7675397396087646]
[2.7728357315063477]
[6.511786937713623]
[3.8257880210876465]
[2.712606191635132]
[23.573400497436523]
[2.126340866088867]
[0.49017754197120667]
[1.9459030628204346]
[120.32520294189453]
[5.807184219360352]
[3.533515214920044]
[2.217144250869751]
[6.645843505859375]
[4.302350044250488]
[19.042570114135742]
[7.288617134094238]
[0.7884684205055237]
[9.581119537353516]
[2.817018985748291]
[6.748535633087158]
[2.2408740520477295]
[117.69593048095703]
[0.6624025702476501]
[4.236111640930176]
[0.25682786107063293]
[1.041743278503418]
[0.1845746636390686]
[0.4573044180870056]
[1.6514160633087158]
[2.9918899536132812]
[1.4284471273422241]
[2.421679735183716]
[5.023322582244873]
[2.964650869369507]
[5.978750705718994]
[2.14066743850708]
[0.3882317841053009]
[5.082656383514404]
[0.7142554521560669]
[0.0953146293759346]
[0.5209375619888306]
[1.2786469459533691]
[5.877166271209717]
[3.7531309127807617]
[0.6567578315734863]
[0.1650986671447754]
[1.1875718832015991]
[100.94513702392578]
[0.4501916766166687]
[11.944000244140625]
[0.44918084144592285]
[8.342301368713379]
[10.521357536315918]
[0.7228584885597229]
[4.606278896331787]
[46.020626068115234]
[0.7125450968742371]
[48.96196746826172]
[0.6960009932518005]
[0.5055481791496277]
[8.540023803710938]
[0.5573165416717529]
[9.608973503112793]
[5.089547157287598]
[0.12863174080848694]
[109.02909088134766]
[1.7484960556030273]
[1.0316507816314697]
[1.1850087642669678]
[48.363182067871094]
[1.2282812595367432]
[0.8569003343582153]
[1.3590372800827026]
[8.765235900878906]
[4.07020378112793]
[14.593012809753418]
[2.3531346321105957]
[6.7197160720825195]
[2.0853559970855713]
[2.365719795227051]
[0.18144050240516663]
[6.1342997550964355]
[0.17599590122699738]
[6.6580491065979]
[1.4458073377609253]
[6.52927303314209]
[0.11743562668561935]
[0.42285579442977905]
[1.352675437927246]
[7.596042633056641]
[3.6589407920837402]
[3.2930426597595215]
[0.3006518483161926]
[0.88360995054245]
[119.70687866210938]
[0.7874433398246765]
[2.567195177078247]
[3.5566089153289795]
[0.5559636950492859]
[6.337632656097412]
[4.272972583770752]
[8.772156715393066]
[4.271272659301758]
[4.556137561798096]
[44.10625457763672]
[0.19336219131946564]
[3.329915761947632]
[2.2142372131347656]
[1.0213861465454102]
[10.868939399719238]
[1.6988706588745117]
[8.387024879455566]
[4.772543430328369]
[5.368720054626465]
[53.1120719909668]
[3.3275978565216064]
[0.3379806876182556]
[1.8524528741836548]
[1.615760326385498]
[0.3322429656982422]
[3.1978931427001953]
[4.742945194244385]
[2.850817918777466]
[47.0241584777832]
[2.2063369750976562]
[1.3524169921875]
[0.7369471788406372]
[0.516643226146698]
[4.070075511932373]
[105.30545043945312]
[1.389693021774292]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.14842617511749268]
[4.104116439819336]
[0.3924989402294159]
[6.484490871429443]
[0.22916364669799805]
[13.05839729309082]
[1.9558202028274536]
[3.0412707328796387]
[0.41237160563468933]
[1.4284770488739014]
[0.3343633711338043]
[0.3536452353000641]
[0.39388352632522583]
[0.6668189167976379]
[0.018274705857038498]
[0.6973462104797363]
[0.2811078131198883]
[2.479983329772949]
[5.413162708282471]
[0.1322406828403473]
[80.72412872314453]
[2.6130917072296143]
[3.6925811767578125]
[6.579666614532471]
[0.7044285535812378]
[1.7934147119522095]
[0.5574252009391785]
[0.6399734616279602]
[3.229524850845337]
[9.052969932556152]
[0.36643126606941223]
[77.21172332763672]
[19.404245376586914]
[17.85955238342285]
[56.0562858581543]
[2.0472092628479004]
[2.909193515777588]
[1.3120921850204468]
[0.634650707244873]
[3.4255893230438232]
[7.396965980529785]
[19.644071578979492]
[2.4495389461517334]
[0.1400623470544815]
[0.6384143233299255]
[4.831124782562256]
[3.7520034313201904]
[0.7115360498428345]
[2.6870603561401367]
[0.3706011176109314]
[0.12732064723968506]
[1.3078423738479614]
[1.9945957660675049]
[39.4239616394043]
[0.2360982745885849]
[0.8705736398696899]
[71.98637390136719]
[0.6101068258285522]
[0.31325703859329224]
[0.5328717231750488]
[56.36119079589844]
[5.092825412750244]
[0.42384693026542664]
[18.433082580566406]
[4.211848258972168]
[55.8307991027832]
[54.016326904296875]
[0.05929665267467499]
[0.30099573731422424]
[1.1770844459533691]
[8.634900093078613]
[0.9681758284568787]
[4.210066795349121]
[2.924151659011841]
[0.7612996101379395]
[0.2940319776535034]
[0.6176075339317322]
[0.6090642809867859]
[0.4788050353527069]
[0.42603734135627747]
[6.9879865646362305]
[0.9974247217178345]
[0.1784113049507141]
[2.0915627479553223]
[540.883544921875]
[55.37455749511719]
[9.298055648803711]
[4.5230607986450195]
[0.22175626456737518]
[1.5416216850280762]
[0.9427932500839233]
[2.6372222900390625]
[0.7695325613021851]
[0.62148118019104]
[5.604541778564453]
[49.383270263671875]
[5.806204795837402]
[6.565863609313965]
[12.448734283447266]
[0.3131922781467438]
[1.7427862882614136]
[113.25057983398438]
[4.126499652862549]
[29.916074752807617]
[2.2518882751464844]
[0.8458355665206909]
[0.48890191316604614]
[4.316061496734619]
[2.4662764072418213]
[3.434476613998413]
[0.4668516516685486]
[4.692782402038574]
[0.1812196671962738]
[9.495534896850586]
[55.4524040222168]
[78.0415267944336]
[1.5746554136276245]
[1.8663330078125]
[1503.10009765625]
[1.1406335830688477]
[1.9512425661087036]
[1.4008592367172241]
[305.15631103515625]
[51.8748779296875]
[62.22474670410156]
[8.6701078414917]
[4.845604419708252]
[8.197981834411621]
[9.080007553100586]
[1.1836013793945312]
[18.195232391357422]
[3.786961078643799]
[66.02598571777344]
[1.690953016281128]
[3.4264795780181885]
[3.865978479385376]
[29.253633499145508]
[1.4856171607971191]
[2.450955629348755]
[1.485772967338562]
[1.119445562362671]
[26.79153823852539]
[4.101624011993408]
[124.8833236694336]
[11.795235633850098]
[7.023453235626221]
[0.8508557677268982]
[24.75604248046875]
[4.377140045166016]
[0.11183087527751923]
[6.423346042633057]
[13.060047149658203]
[40.91072082519531]
[14.600146293640137]
[7.09389591217041]
[5.888105869293213]
[15.91842269897461]
[11.915482521057129]
[16.25981903076172]
[2186.97021484375]
[150.84425354003906]
[8.541159629821777]
[10.889243125915527]
[6.862807750701904]
[7.2608866691589355]
[7.72772216796875]
[5.75370979309082]
[0.44115039706230164]
[16.121356964111328]
[79.82093048095703]
[0.4718256890773773]
[12.939421653747559]
[0.4780944883823395]
[3.7536191940307617]
[4.538137912750244]
[7.275516510009766]
[23.207557678222656]
[14.982895851135254]
[5.201372146606445]
[23.83294677734375]
[70.24230194091797]
[14.68202018737793]
[14.492786407470703]
[1.6919567584991455]
[16.52639389038086]
[6.293887138366699]
[5.943058967590332]
[5.260288238525391]
[8.159679412841797]
[0.45389220118522644]
[0.277336984872818]
[7.795294284820557]
[13.687723159790039]
[173.17918395996094]
[2.994838237762451]
[5.81863260269165]
[11.958425521850586]
[6.706603527069092]
[20.416597366333008]
[146.1256103515625]
[30.351144790649414]
[2.2239558696746826]
[14.241384506225586]
[3.0142691135406494]
[0.5782411694526672]
[4.608593463897705]
[2.084721088409424]
[12.395922660827637]
[2.3961966037750244]
[51.983062744140625]
[196.35691833496094]
[1.7006864547729492]
[4.202683925628662]
[10.126404762268066]
[1.8601118326187134]
[6.298499584197998]
[13.401830673217773]
[183.09765625]
[1.1824851036071777]
[0.5062972903251648]
[0.5109752416610718]
[156.9887237548828]
[7.1734418869018555]
[4.029346942901611]
[87.81385040283203]
[5.081195831298828]
[4.697381019592285]
[0.3843672573566437]
[4.976122856140137]
[4.814950466156006]
[108.54608154296875]
[5.67298698425293]
[58.674198150634766]
[51.5803337097168]
[5.722880840301514]
[8.004134178161621]
[3.691263198852539]
[2.6345603466033936]
[134.05133056640625]
[0.2815761864185333]
[58.93941879272461]
[6.997201442718506]
[1.0722075700759888]
[0.23718546330928802]
[1.607277274131775]
[15.122912406921387]
[1.4852213859558105]
[2.1509740352630615]
[1.9237124919891357]
[82.74404907226562]
[0.40969613194465637]
[2.6972885131835938]
[1.736151099205017]
[0.14248938858509064]
[1.3963141441345215]
[6.680826187133789]
[10.596240997314453]
[5.862103462219238]
[16.262353897094727]
[11.057814598083496]
[1.7323771715164185]
[44.45476531982422]
[4.363264560699463]
[3.5538742542266846]
[0.6817803978919983]
[3.4907891750335693]
[32.60480499267578]
[0.2336835116147995]
[0.49791663885116577]
[4.900532245635986]
[2.990325927734375]
[24.297067642211914]
[3.717487096786499]
[1.5772699117660522]
[14.463763236999512]
[1.1388139724731445]
[151.56735229492188]
[7.471535682678223]
[3.6889429092407227]
[33.1884880065918]
[5.542226791381836]
[4.473789215087891]
[0.4771438539028168]
[10.730140686035156]
[9.664649963378906]
[1.2979480028152466]
[60.668819427490234]
[8.551065444946289]
[61.359737396240234]
[3.5644302368164062]
[2.865853786468506]
[6.935969352722168]
[0.5944510102272034]
[5.930206298828125]
[9.283437728881836]
[1.0922878980636597]
[4.0178680419921875]
[4.382317066192627]
[2.034266233444214]
[6.125881195068359]
[47.00284194946289]
[1.474136233329773]
[2.073716640472412]
[4.511148452758789]
[14.448145866394043]
[1.8580838441848755]
[0.7029057145118713]
[0.49845993518829346]
[0.15693360567092896]
[12.42230224609375]
[3.9118430614471436]
[2.382227897644043]
[2.3860411643981934]
[33.82582473754883]
[0.6543655395507812]
[1.8167672157287598]
[1.8152198791503906]
[1.5920594930648804]
[1.732099175453186]
[0.656808614730835]
[0.511401355266571]
[3.4005377292633057]
[0.3761362135410309]
[4.803190231323242]
[1.571466326713562]
[5.0092244148254395]
[0.7366957068443298]
[4.602787017822266]
[5.5079426765441895]
[0.8650301098823547]
[75.41374206542969]
[0.5168622732162476]
[0.2804223299026489]
[1.8134756088256836]
[0.3844815194606781]
[0.6334226131439209]
[0.7000762820243835]
[3.7282888889312744]
[0.918865978717804]
[1.0342094898223877]
[2.0817086696624756]
[0.4887738823890686]
[3.9522202014923096]
[2.7673187255859375]
[0.3354541063308716]
[7.202811241149902]
[1.5527832508087158]
[0.28630587458610535]
[0.6362249255180359]
[0.06893899291753769]
[0.5619936585426331]
[87.21185302734375]
[0.4106571674346924]
[7.365194797515869]
[2204.2041015625]
[143.56175231933594]
[66.4464340209961]
[0.4789732098579407]
[1.5434380769729614]
[3.6646862030029297]
[75.78263092041016]
[8.724043846130371]
[97.63365173339844]
[5.437907695770264]
[147.54144287109375]
[0.8596007823944092]
[12.005921363830566]
[2.0549156665802]
[22.69729995727539]
[4.596802711486816]
[8.472795486450195]
[12.425320625305176]
[13.293976783752441]
[29.259511947631836]
[15.176292419433594]
[10.524848937988281]
[2.5974178314208984]
[4.787127494812012]
[1.2513654232025146]
[50.818565368652344]
[27.944561004638672]
[2.2174291610717773]
[27.9101619720459]
[22.390674591064453]
[21.273324966430664]
[0.37730327248573303]
[7.197984218597412]
[14.195941925048828]
[3.776921272277832]
[6.014978408813477]
[7.091322422027588]
[43.31690979003906]
[15.003623008728027]
[8.646695137023926]
[5.106663703918457]
[199.22540283203125]
[8.064740180969238]
[0.29992973804473877]
[1.1519906520843506]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.7857579588890076]
[3.4170143604278564]
[1.4071860313415527]
[3.0790276527404785]
[21.130319595336914]
[0.20157566666603088]
[3.5904135704040527]
[5.833456516265869]
[0.35171738266944885]
[1.1029267311096191]
[15.132974624633789]
[9.4702730178833]
[0.6680788397789001]
[35.85397720336914]
[2.761815071105957]
[2588.725830078125]
[3.7583789825439453]
[1.4104487895965576]
[8.924723625183105]
[4.015728950500488]
[18.66204071044922]
[142.31594848632812]
[7.170833110809326]
[99.13134765625]
[25.63873863220215]
[13.45750617980957]
[11.71291732788086]
[77.5853500366211]
[165.92196655273438]
[0.40064194798469543]
[3.675091028213501]
[7.561020374298096]
[4.647208213806152]
[9.936898231506348]
[9.303914070129395]
[2.3919413089752197]
[3.6023309230804443]
[0.8967691659927368]
[0.34015461802482605]
[2.06070613861084]
[8.412220001220703]
[2.711390495300293]
[3.6173572540283203]
[0.25772809982299805]
[1.9137709140777588]
[111.67386627197266]
[5.035512447357178]
[129.5590362548828]
[5.6663408279418945]
[45.854305267333984]
[0.9232242703437805]
[1.777312159538269]
[35.50961685180664]
[0.11422187834978104]
[47.941131591796875]
[5.6821064949035645]
[1.7000035047531128]
[24.369918823242188]
[4.183734893798828]
[65.88274383544922]
[196.91111755371094]
[0.1907358318567276]
[4.122626781463623]
[4.825702667236328]
[2.6444199085235596]
[4.948866844177246]
[11.570157051086426]
[25.5622615814209]
[2.773402214050293]
[4.207045078277588]
[2.1634368896484375]
[3.0170083045959473]
[0.8025324940681458]
[40.204811096191406]
[6.479921340942383]
[0.5876176953315735]
[1.8425428867340088]
[3.804211378097534]
[1.5573644638061523]
[3.572709083557129]
[161.410888671875]
[1.7762337923049927]
[3.0513358116149902]
[2.008319854736328]
[11.879843711853027]
[17.490209579467773]
[10.182918548583984]
[3.3280820846557617]
[4.9837822914123535]
[3.8668808937072754]
[1.3445677757263184]
[3.5981338024139404]
[0.3805406987667084]
[0.22127936780452728]
[16.374723434448242]
[6.7888593673706055]
[0.9805245995521545]
[58.523921966552734]
[4.159822940826416]
[6.907673358917236]
[2.578578472137451]
[45.37471008300781]
[0.14740899205207825]
[0.2960626482963562]
[10.01832389831543]
[5.176262855529785]
[1.0629180669784546]
[2.7218289375305176]
[5.720524787902832]
[1.8447718620300293]
[0.9905188679695129]
[12.847628593444824]
[2.2363061904907227]
[8.707237243652344]
[11.281563758850098]
[15.468423843383789]
[123.37010955810547]
[10.542621612548828]
[12.14109992980957]
[0.39445042610168457]
[2.3205885887145996]
[2.5565717220306396]
[1.041001796722412]
[76.07608032226562]
[6.2044854164123535]
[1.3367342948913574]
[10.825915336608887]
[0.48518139123916626]
[2.2355806827545166]
[162.15077209472656]
[1.8384193181991577]
[125.65178680419922]
[10.204939842224121]
[0.1811087280511856]
[2.4431912899017334]
[2.5988712310791016]
[0.17787009477615356]
[3.3793323040008545]
[5.605443954467773]
[0.9976133704185486]
[0.14980608224868774]
[1.6501072645187378]
[4.983646869659424]
[0.16790419816970825]
[1.9831690788269043]
[2.2631020545959473]
[4.71435546875]
[8.054189682006836]
[0.7650583386421204]
[58.70021057128906]
[1.5396331548690796]
[0.6406342387199402]
[0.21371343731880188]
[13.678997039794922]
[1.0708829164505005]
[1.592860460281372]
[1.603601098060608]
[9.742895126342773]
[5.8551740646362305]
[0.37815797328948975]
[1.750146508216858]
[2.411853790283203]
[0.7133972644805908]
[70.61859130859375]
[0.6867496371269226]
[0.11126459389925003]
[0.15622419118881226]
[0.23876552283763885]
[3.965080976486206]
[0.468730092048645]
[2.527862787246704]
[0.250543475151062]
[0.275048166513443]
[1.6882882118225098]
[0.558366596698761]
[103.8508529663086]
[2.347799301147461]
[0.5967793464660645]
[2.738798141479492]
[0.6761623620986938]
[6.5810651779174805]
[310.79180908203125]
[2.177694797515869]
[1.0579712390899658]
[2.315805435180664]
[0.2147293984889984]
[0.5955134034156799]
[2.7882885932922363]
[1.5266908407211304]
[7.1608452796936035]
[1.0102934837341309]
[72.50238037109375]
[6.409127235412598]
[154.9766387939453]
[0.5693914890289307]
[2.8789823055267334]
[2.8050849437713623]
[5.887331485748291]
[4.660400867462158]
[6.168179988861084]
[1.695057988166809]
[47.523651123046875]
[4.9885945320129395]
[1.8516322374343872]
[0.1387081742286682]
[65.46722412109375]
[10.169548034667969]
[1.1621114015579224]
[0.4432837665081024]
[0.8958978056907654]
[0.2947106659412384]
[0.2515237629413605]
[2.8218555450439453]
[11.537110328674316]
[7.260873317718506]
[9.274460792541504]
[0.8378207683563232]
[4.469844818115234]
[148.35964965820312]
[9.781441688537598]
[37.04792785644531]
[103.78952026367188]
[4.031426906585693]
[0.5702683925628662]
[1.1056205034255981]
[0.7751764059066772]
[0.6988726854324341]
[2.9192962646484375]
[2.209646701812744]
[0.2922503650188446]
[54.130287170410156]
[2.028315782546997]
[0.0811363011598587]
[6.881857872009277]
[0.459428608417511]
[0.2109554260969162]
[1.1741598844528198]
[0.8468039035797119]
[128.16226196289062]
[4.779725551605225]
[1.418563961982727]
[123.06867980957031]
[7.878106117248535]
[0.14697787165641785]
[9.307042121887207]
[0.638666033744812]
[0.35945412516593933]
[1.2097656726837158]
[0.7490615248680115]
[7.154697418212891]
[1.2146167755126953]
[4.078264236450195]
[1.2800308465957642]
[0.16138935089111328]
[5.499388217926025]
[0.8607454895973206]
[2.4352104663848877]
[291.9847412109375]
[0.3758541941642761]
[1.8011882305145264]
[5.0115065574646]
[19.612825393676758]
[7.810623645782471]
[7.68839168548584]
[1.5369677543640137]
[0.33658695220947266]
[111.82687377929688]
[1.0087147951126099]
[2.375253200531006]
[0.281171977519989]
[1.4845565557479858]
[0.2935623824596405]
[0.45903515815734863]
[0.5300578474998474]
[5.093884468078613]
[6.941096782684326]
[0.12188524007797241]
[56.291015625]
[0.7598621249198914]
[8.621152877807617]
[7.095210552215576]
[2.0781729221343994]
[1.5893042087554932]
[0.44016483426094055]
[2.2580418586730957]
[1.179857611656189]
[1.0401767492294312]
[54.648502349853516]
[277.37060546875]
[1.0154119729995728]
[0.4265681803226471]
[6.006275177001953]
[72.14962005615234]
[2.0331084728240967]
[1.8312803506851196]
[0.13302071392536163]
[1.1350191831588745]
[1.1647282838821411]
[0.7325344085693359]
[6.2569098472595215]
[9.098769187927246]
[5.005884170532227]
[4.133741855621338]
[3.882370710372925]
[4.073493957519531]
[4.5945143699646]
[69.31568908691406]
[0.9495038390159607]
[6.386704921722412]
[0.16407634317874908]
[0.4265769124031067]
[5.455180644989014]
[0.09822253882884979]
[0.13853363692760468]
[1.7500593662261963]
[2.9464774131774902]
[0.64625084400177]
[83.59032440185547]
[1.1715179681777954]
[4.641889572143555]
[2.4733192920684814]
[0.7246895432472229]
[3.8439629077911377]
[2.527545690536499]
[6.175001621246338]
[4.518774032592773]
[0.28217190504074097]
[2.637843608856201]
[22.410219192504883]
[61.445194244384766]
[2.0205130577087402]
[0.9258076548576355]
[3.7698681354522705]
[0.913240909576416]
[2.2611396312713623]
[3.415771484375]
[5.682621955871582]
[1.2605663537979126]
[8.827010154724121]
[1.91294527053833]
[13.770947456359863]
[8.563161849975586]
[2.2952301502227783]
[0.6467766761779785]
[447.4423522949219]
[0.3846016824245453]
[257.8616943359375]
[129.1272430419922]
[1.368951439857483]
[1.2640005350112915]
[85.48262786865234]
[86.10861206054688]
[0.479544073343277]
[0.6321038603782654]
[0.5666639804840088]
[0.7800636887550354]
[96.13392639160156]
[2.3350892066955566]
[5.308165073394775]
[112.34646606445312]
[0.048597946763038635]
[1.190629482269287]
[25.4534969329834]
[5.338802337646484]
[1051.7447509765625]
[19.32112693786621]
[270.815673828125]
[10.434854507446289]
[0.9921908378601074]
[4.754546165466309]
[31.893999099731445]
[1.3616747856140137]
[10.870819091796875]
[7.11488151550293]
[1.5660247802734375]
[12.000662803649902]
[4.715398788452148]
[7.790482044219971]
[2.8368923664093018]
[0.9119726419448853]
[7.113953113555908]
[2.735142230987549]
[73.8899917602539]
[23.062828063964844]
[3.3795957565307617]
[12.621931076049805]
[9.985736846923828]
[70.1283950805664]
[0.38474857807159424]
[15.832477569580078]
[64.6897201538086]
[4.095019817352295]
[14.835748672485352]
[4.366527557373047]
[6.995744705200195]
[1.108290672302246]
[2.9664626121520996]
[1.2800767421722412]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[4.4974684715271]
[8.029888153076172]
[108.5760726928711]
[1.1077260971069336]
[0.2925892770290375]
[0.7432991862297058]
[6.189876556396484]
[7.504209041595459]
[12.118146896362305]
[2.8007137775421143]
[2.597827196121216]
[3.393674850463867]
[10.11545181274414]
[23.458311080932617]
[273.64813232421875]
[15.553177833557129]
[1.583694338798523]
[0.3024006187915802]
[0.26156848669052124]
[0.6827057600021362]
[19.050092697143555]
[1.8402425050735474]
[1.2613343000411987]
[3.154641628265381]
[6.975884437561035]
[4.975592136383057]
[1.5290125608444214]
[127.66427612304688]
[6.795887470245361]
[89.09908294677734]
[2.4911842346191406]
[255.25807189941406]
[179.57591247558594]
[1.1567931175231934]
[3.666084051132202]
[1.8280116319656372]
[6.130792140960693]
[33.139041900634766]
[56.180076599121094]
[0.33449020981788635]
[3.585392475128174]
[6.83348274230957]
[4.971853256225586]
[0.8901207447052002]
[0.3389827013015747]
[4.0603132247924805]
[1.4206286668777466]
[0.7116827368736267]
[0.24079270660877228]
[2.6396732330322266]
[4.342530727386475]
[0.35928913950920105]
[3.525649309158325]
[2.8880529403686523]
[0.33085501194000244]
[0.6482938528060913]
[94.6280288696289]
[321.32647705078125]
[1.2869938611984253]
[4.019354820251465]
[0.30087676644325256]
[1.55295991897583]
[0.2930659353733063]
[4.092905044555664]
[4.010045051574707]
[132.27767944335938]
[1.538536548614502]
[91.94416046142578]
[2.615212917327881]
[2.3795461654663086]
[1.03742516040802]
[5.468899726867676]
[1.507082462310791]
[1.1214418411254883]
[8.718472480773926]
[1.0646010637283325]
[2.4718427658081055]
[7.5108513832092285]
[2.7439157962799072]
[65.96381378173828]
[2.2288310527801514]
[0.4995482563972473]
[108.02265930175781]
[9.548700332641602]
[19.35144805908203]
[1.1627533435821533]
[1.516636848449707]
[111.78101348876953]
[3.148987054824829]
[119.76061248779297]
[0.5658044815063477]
[0.8295097947120667]
[0.22557900846004486]
[77.33289337158203]
[8.22986125946045]
[8.795340538024902]
[142.1238250732422]
[1.8809072971343994]
[1834.555908203125]
[2.5255613327026367]
[5.027326583862305]
[2.870379686355591]
[0.7333918213844299]
[6.663331985473633]
[2.035250425338745]
[9.196428298950195]
[8.475632667541504]
[11.707795143127441]
[1.0243159532546997]
[16.60420799255371]
[32.82017517089844]
[87.94206237792969]
[5.89243221282959]
[192.22898864746094]
[9.050619125366211]
[2.5951452255249023]
[0.6092918515205383]
[185.90863037109375]
[88.65930938720703]
[1.9241386651992798]
[4.79487419128418]
[7.195606708526611]
[92.84855651855469]
[8.276117324829102]
[8.655937194824219]
[3.5392563343048096]
[81.2957763671875]
[11.50385856628418]
[7.625843048095703]
[2.6450209617614746]
[773.8944702148438]
[5.263617992401123]
[88.6778335571289]
[1.9225947856903076]
[13.783308982849121]
[20.714618682861328]
[6.165802001953125]
[35.922061920166016]
[3.6633551120758057]
[7.777236461639404]
[7.5125837326049805]
[16.683591842651367]
[117.16555786132812]
[14.697162628173828]
[9.493804931640625]
[3.096836805343628]
[15.710602760314941]
[8.076519966125488]
[5.608743190765381]
[11.597070693969727]
[18.65403938293457]
[10.323328018188477]
[2.7523353099823]
[4.898372650146484]
[20.679546356201172]
[15.517264366149902]
[14.240239143371582]
[23.176027297973633]
[13.255157470703125]
[0.2614344358444214]
[2.2686567306518555]
[7.559770584106445]
[8.588016510009766]
[5.444268703460693]
[8.802412986755371]
[6.8442912101745605]
[6.6795220375061035]
[11.202269554138184]
[115.14934539794922]
[3.3323824405670166]
[1.4509632587432861]
[13.159432411193848]
[70.2608413696289]
[2.3976922035217285]
[2.694699764251709]
[0.33936795592308044]
[10.307779312133789]
[0.5188214182853699]
[0.4314092695713043]
[13.59737777709961]
[12.130230903625488]
[6.799606800079346]
[4.95469856262207]
[83.15258026123047]
[2.0858850479125977]
[6.476385593414307]
[1.9336987733840942]
[3.932199478149414]
[134.02606201171875]
[2.058708906173706]
[0.6877061724662781]
[0.5158474445343018]
[4.32450008392334]
[0.5194120407104492]
[0.14112736284732819]
[36.904300689697266]
[4.578296184539795]
[4.661835670471191]
[3.9312186241149902]
[1.340111494064331]
[2.2545242309570312]
[1.5695663690567017]
[14.72476577758789]
[0.9189636707305908]
[0.5859166979789734]
[14.890167236328125]
[1.038673758506775]
[9.497384071350098]
[6.710480213165283]
[8.842403411865234]
[55.335975646972656]
[9.352350234985352]
[14.494913101196289]
[39.360809326171875]
[0.7907824516296387]
[4.2863664627075195]
[2.6053667068481445]
[26.874313354492188]
[0.2319151908159256]
[0.20696735382080078]
[7.144847393035889]
[1.051700472831726]
[0.22673366963863373]
[6.436288356781006]
[5.611091136932373]
[75.97010040283203]
[3.4159436225891113]
[12.882940292358398]
[20.09638214111328]
[3.3220009803771973]
[0.5646092891693115]
[128.93968200683594]
[0.9087039232254028]
[0.25419577956199646]
[0.12002934515476227]
[4.525755405426025]
[4.732494354248047]
[0.730408251285553]
[4.879485607147217]
[4913.341796875]
[4.331572532653809]
[4.469485759735107]
[3.365964412689209]
[12.801401138305664]
[9.405418395996094]
[45.81263732910156]
[3.099184036254883]
[6.769361972808838]
[16.871307373046875]
[44.62392044067383]
[247.37620544433594]
[0.5973561406135559]
[30.340269088745117]
[17.1486759185791]
[57.681270599365234]
[8.400616645812988]
[4.7100605964660645]
[6.972344875335693]
[69.11564636230469]
[26.555828094482422]
[0.48863014578819275]
[125.63079071044922]
[15.902924537658691]
[47.96747589111328]
[13.7283353805542]
[27.738666534423828]
[151.4540557861328]
[11.689277648925781]
[9.951605796813965]
[49.71498107910156]
[9.346240043640137]
[137.99606323242188]
[22.180152893066406]
[14.317789077758789]
[9.688718795776367]
[8.238122940063477]
[11.446369171142578]
[9.257560729980469]
[15.545890808105469]
[9.384540557861328]
[36.787235260009766]
[28.74045181274414]
[1.3680098056793213]
[5.812136173248291]
[17.059669494628906]
[19.938522338867188]
[14.131848335266113]
[9.160293579101562]
[85.14122772216797]
[15.744982719421387]
[6.470567226409912]
[13.022481918334961]
[33.718177795410156]
[10.066291809082031]
[129.14410400390625]
[7.62838077545166]
[38.924678802490234]
[11.22032356262207]
[112.77876281738281]
[6.284040927886963]
[4.508162498474121]
[25.4648380279541]
[4.9079484939575195]
[48.2197380065918]
[3.358170986175537]
[262.1768798828125]
[12.049084663391113]
[432.02386474609375]
[4.437358856201172]
[108.18716430664062]
[5.291015148162842]
[0.42665398120880127]
[13.776209831237793]
[16.2278995513916]
[7.935550689697266]
[22.514930725097656]
[8.586714744567871]
[15.656375885009766]
[5.227907657623291]
[15.738765716552734]
[11.72369384765625]
[5.294433116912842]
[14.820350646972656]
[5.29824686050415]
[1.779321312904358]
[1.6965376138687134]
[1.5163630247116089]
[6.196610927581787]
[0.4564918577671051]
[12.577025413513184]
[37.09541702270508]
[3.314058780670166]
[79.91790771484375]
[20.445585250854492]
[2.1841061115264893]
[5.0125732421875]
[3.1490707397460938]
[3.4575612545013428]
[0.38850679993629456]
[15.819392204284668]
[5.395624160766602]
[15.902107238769531]
[0.45852264761924744]
[0.4319182336330414]
[61.37428665161133]
[10.528547286987305]
[1.7373156547546387]
[4.874169826507568]
[14.389535903930664]
[6.530656337738037]
[1.499383807182312]
[2.9121310710906982]
[78.01365661621094]
[2.3818962574005127]
[1.373660683631897]
[4.357727527618408]
[1.4044947624206543]
[9.32925033569336]
[6.7666215896606445]
[2.1595590114593506]
[0.5532332062721252]
[5.135118007659912]
[2.4028518199920654]
[2.6315507888793945]
[109.43270874023438]
[3.750521659851074]
[3.343635320663452]
[7.7794108390808105]
[109.49525451660156]
[15.850861549377441]
[441.53546142578125]
[0.4273630380630493]
[0.2763541340827942]
[15.96570110321045]
[2.0936806201934814]
[1.4340488910675049]
[12.280909538269043]
[0.46522873640060425]
[6.270191192626953]
[0.31910204887390137]
[1.6042695045471191]
[0.5836805701255798]
[27.882604598999023]
[7.613336086273193]
[9.627408981323242]
[0.4626525938510895]
[32.53300857543945]
[5.402962684631348]
[4.337085723876953]
[1.522987961769104]
[16.877674102783203]
[13.844773292541504]
[2.506337881088257]
[41.88969802856445]
[21.473669052124023]
[2.015566825866699]
[14.641632080078125]
[19.314897537231445]
[89.79938507080078]
[0.7435853481292725]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.9927066564559937]
[6.755100250244141]
[63.10435485839844]
[1.3411612510681152]
[13.51370620727539]
[2.2152342796325684]
[8.837432861328125]
[0.3455806374549866]
[64.04798126220703]
[8.647851943969727]
[5.826025009155273]
[5.379848003387451]
[0.2878628969192505]
[4.346686363220215]
[16.084434509277344]
[3.5465564727783203]
[0.9493663907051086]
[0.9417087435722351]
[3.3249895572662354]
[6.059029579162598]
[0.2816440463066101]
[1.1163997650146484]
[1.6969680786132812]
[14.648656845092773]
[8.88314151763916]
[36.911468505859375]
[17.73848533630371]
[12.939449310302734]
[210.95831298828125]
[390.6891784667969]
[30.459672927856445]
[4.385376453399658]
[21.547163009643555]
[6.460046768188477]
[2.228318691253662]
[3.9307098388671875]
[60.0047607421875]
[252.23373413085938]
[0.6167007684707642]
[28.510967254638672]
[10.935882568359375]
[8.618003845214844]
[10.704505920410156]
[54.294124603271484]
[137.29415893554688]
[130.18096923828125]
[27.227893829345703]
[0.5154539942741394]
[9.772310256958008]
[3.758866548538208]
[29.095809936523438]
[31.68478012084961]
[25.651697158813477]
[9.618658065795898]
[0.9612933993339539]
[20.71399688720703]
[38.1855583190918]
[10.528031349182129]
[0.35616669058799744]
[3.3286445140838623]
[7.14694356918335]
[11.709451675415039]
[1.453128695487976]
[0.9226536750793457]
[26.714353561401367]
[11.439619064331055]
[73.40072631835938]
[7.7151570320129395]
[8.313102722167969]
[14.083481788635254]
[0.47456610202789307]
[21.28952407836914]
[75.80870819091797]
[0.8287014961242676]
[4.642592430114746]
[0.7451411485671997]
[8.571137428283691]
[9.16517448425293]
[4.086551666259766]
[2.069519281387329]
[39.730525970458984]
[3.8870105743408203]
[62.245052337646484]
[68.36543273925781]
[17.371963500976562]
[0.41330838203430176]
[18.9342041015625]
[2.3525192737579346]
[13.598413467407227]
[10.92056655883789]
[64.52957153320312]
[1.1073623895645142]
[5.490614414215088]
[2271.687744140625]
[1.828006625175476]
[2.027621030807495]
[676.94921875]
[64.25434875488281]
[0.3884052038192749]
[8.176158905029297]
[11.995017051696777]
[15.45682144165039]
[27.10248565673828]
[92.24388885498047]
[2.8687164783477783]
[3.5851001739501953]
[7.3788228034973145]
[72.25968933105469]
[23.705686569213867]
[12.327709197998047]
[4.3096747398376465]
[391.3424072265625]
[17.461484909057617]
[69.97320556640625]
[7.064385414123535]
[7.260519504547119]
[2.061845064163208]
[122.98351287841797]
[6.142550468444824]
[1.3549646139144897]
[31.514314651489258]
[10.124994277954102]
[1.6637741327285767]
[10.858305931091309]
[59.201175689697266]
[20.35863494873047]
[4.724508762359619]
[7.113828182220459]
[26.652503967285156]
[77.93815612792969]
[0.6879675388336182]
[2433.59228515625]
[7.3909382820129395]
[13.396889686584473]
[3.0402987003326416]
[3.2925832271575928]
[134.79257202148438]
[7.5978474617004395]
[11.366206169128418]
[19.320236206054688]
[38.171634674072266]
[37.33271789550781]
[18.340810775756836]
[4.233468532562256]
[21.649709701538086]
[21.619464874267578]
[21.544836044311523]
[235.30673217773438]
[0.6684974431991577]
[16.982839584350586]
[0.6995140314102173]
[2.905435085296631]
[215.10499572753906]
[34.711177825927734]
[11.043243408203125]
[18.929302215576172]
[9.416818618774414]
[15.610211372375488]
[35.571659088134766]
[74.34680938720703]
[0.4731285572052002]
[14.159672737121582]
[8.809211730957031]
[13.96225357055664]
[2.3234353065490723]
[20.700387954711914]
[20.743593215942383]
[4.595756530761719]
[20.543569564819336]
[5.066710948944092]
[38.28678894042969]
[1.864871621131897]
[21.459388732910156]
[8.951837539672852]
[97.24808502197266]
[6.212488174438477]
[323.70013427734375]
[1.2087438106536865]
[24.146726608276367]
[10.238824844360352]
[0.4055306315422058]
[17.0594539642334]
[40.90483093261719]
[4.825295925140381]
[17.28113555908203]
[2.610762119293213]
[2.6939358711242676]
[40.19340515136719]
[9.088151931762695]
[0.711789071559906]
[72.53202819824219]
[12.834471702575684]
[5.919832706451416]
[3.067081928253174]
[16.709339141845703]
[0.17997027933597565]
[1.5733386278152466]
[8.937847137451172]
[2.1274101734161377]
[215.76295471191406]
[2.8150644302368164]
[6.039782524108887]
[5.686357021331787]
[1.1968647241592407]
[1.7539191246032715]
[0.30103451013565063]
[8.535685539245605]
[3.2603578567504883]
[43.00662612915039]
[4.0542402267456055]
[7.804884433746338]
[3.994546890258789]
[0.08596886694431305]
[40.09455108642578]
[5.489872455596924]
[101.70147705078125]
[14.503281593322754]
[22.89404296875]
[20.243324279785156]
[0.4155018925666809]
[15.470126152038574]
[38.975486755371094]
[16.068819046020508]
[3.904841423034668]
[0.996680736541748]
[34.795780181884766]
[2.827785015106201]
[1.4926763772964478]
[2.34525203704834]
[11.686443328857422]
[0.18819579482078552]
[9.364324569702148]
[0.5937172174453735]
[1.3372993469238281]
[67.82416534423828]
[1.2008466720581055]
[2.073202610015869]
[0.5297418832778931]
[40.470516204833984]
[849.5694580078125]
[1.4292696714401245]
[5.741646766662598]
[27.7501277923584]
[10.501976013183594]
[19.234291076660156]
[9.105138778686523]
[1.136449933052063]
[7.7816901206970215]
[3.8366451263427734]
[7.659978866577148]
[0.3735663592815399]
[8.276861190795898]
[4.289098739624023]
[111.03288269042969]
[2.326657295227051]
[0.34153759479522705]
[7.7022199630737305]
[0.4185670018196106]
[30.05208969116211]
[5.2960920333862305]
[66.9363021850586]
[7.75552225112915]
[34.22007369995117]
[10.528680801391602]
[4.434816360473633]
[0.3413007855415344]
[1.802458643913269]
[1.6232036352157593]
[3.6198062896728516]
[23.692079544067383]
[8.334182739257812]
[6.659938812255859]
[12.944491386413574]
[5.620906829833984]
[16.225067138671875]
[0.5230684876441956]
[7.734986782073975]
[0.9305943250656128]
[1.3471019268035889]
[1.093034029006958]
[6.298985004425049]
[59.07758331298828]
[6.160649299621582]
[1.1216830015182495]
[12.315938949584961]
[65.7949447631836]
[42.193607330322266]
[7.308786392211914]
[5.066163063049316]
[27.053550720214844]
[0.2598888874053955]
[0.26061347126960754]
[0.7398324608802795]
[68.52034759521484]
[4.348071098327637]
[4.481351852416992]
[5.913788318634033]
[0.5166584253311157]
[0.5140792727470398]
[2.8290252685546875]
[96.2426986694336]
[1.4809014797210693]
[5.650539398193359]
[6.65068244934082]
[1.3952006101608276]
[6.672966480255127]
[1.606055736541748]
[0.17746414244174957]
[1.431725025177002]
[0.2218754142522812]
[9.947206497192383]
[1.0084118843078613]
[1.2223122119903564]
[2.067586660385132]
[1.3363648653030396]
[2.248478412628174]
[10.833500862121582]
[22.603809356689453]
[13.778766632080078]
[1.214729905128479]
[3.988163471221924]
[0.1972135752439499]
[54.32990264892578]
[1.2970999479293823]
[10.586572647094727]
[0.4827383756637573]
[0.20678676664829254]
[10.154766082763672]
[3.7663941383361816]
[0.7704784870147705]
[6.1989054679870605]
[2.044891595840454]
[12.335989952087402]
[0.900930643081665]
[7.172850131988525]
[3.6588873863220215]
[0.9375433921813965]
[0.3971846103668213]
[249.33087158203125]
[1.4282151460647583]
[8.013854026794434]
[0.49981439113616943]
[1.134465217590332]
[0.2808903157711029]
[5.146353721618652]
[484.9519958496094]
[1.5808180570602417]
[69.27679443359375]
[9.596968650817871]
[7.48575496673584]
[0.37816670536994934]
[2.5650696754455566]
[8.867179870605469]
[14.442988395690918]
[224.6981201171875]
[4.7141008377075195]
[5.565126895904541]
[13.329570770263672]
[1.007685661315918]
[12.336752891540527]
[1.1701246500015259]
[2.02469801902771]
[3.1994738578796387]
[92.28142547607422]
[11.587409973144531]
[5.9541497230529785]
[6.412952899932861]
[12.589277267456055]
[6.339905261993408]
[0.28130578994750977]
[1.1338094472885132]
[4.128805637359619]
[4.8884172439575195]
[178.58651733398438]
[3.083004951477051]
[4.837252140045166]
[1.1590429544448853]
[1.752285361289978]
[0.783509373664856]
[2.3369131088256836]
[3.761364221572876]
[0.18310390412807465]
[0.18415969610214233]
[0.18036706745624542]
[11.885821342468262]
[0.4187614917755127]
[5.488750457763672]
[3.192092180252075]
[4.107746124267578]
[2.3641064167022705]
[2.4659132957458496]
[2.7283260822296143]
[7.522238254547119]
[2.1159934997558594]
[68.59962463378906]
[0.1354115754365921]
[141.7216339111328]
[3.708531379699707]
[2.469740390777588]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.9769277572631836]
[6.331939220428467]
[1.245542049407959]
[1.889207124710083]
[0.46686962246894836]
[3.584865093231201]
[63.4661979675293]
[4.105004787445068]
[2.01259708404541]
[100.15715026855469]
[7.974835395812988]
[0.7558812499046326]
[4.7696309089660645]
[225.00355529785156]
[10.76534652709961]
[6.277738094329834]
[1.9809482097625732]
[144.88719177246094]
[4.527996063232422]
[67.62517547607422]
[1.5116114616394043]
[0.320678174495697]
[2.527921199798584]
[1.1496891975402832]
[51.44871139526367]
[2.5112929344177246]
[2.4496853351593018]
[78.12474822998047]
[1.1168015003204346]
[3.2881786823272705]
[5.073684215545654]
[0.5238201022148132]
[4.036118507385254]
[1.5442336797714233]
[7.84956169128418]
[0.11177458614110947]
[6.324646472930908]
[0.11186746507883072]
[1.6206990480422974]
[0.9149974584579468]
[23.098844528198242]
[0.36026832461357117]
[11.261475563049316]
[4.4131999015808105]
[8.873979568481445]
[14.303162574768066]
[6.011753082275391]
[69.53887939453125]
[0.6573595404624939]
[11.376086235046387]
[0.6494901776313782]
[0.7008689641952515]
[55.62025833129883]
[10.120494842529297]
[0.7915382385253906]
[14.454354286193848]
[2.992075204849243]
[0.33665701746940613]
[0.690513014793396]
[6.873064041137695]
[5.561976909637451]
[0.6896710395812988]
[8.336933135986328]
[1.9997992515563965]
[200.9460906982422]
[6.431381702423096]
[0.21441861987113953]
[0.10360507667064667]
[0.9732363820075989]
[0.9543955326080322]
[0.6686413288116455]
[3.624318838119507]
[4.336278915405273]
[2.9701950550079346]
[5.433239936828613]
[6.2287702560424805]
[5.953500747680664]
[2.1626627445220947]
[9.408629417419434]
[45.083011627197266]
[2.662501573562622]
[5.5954461097717285]
[7.919391632080078]
[6.806917667388916]
[4.473938465118408]
[0.03553621843457222]
[34.02372741699219]
[3.360779047012329]
[0.8810060024261475]
[1.2264026403427124]
[5.983396530151367]
[5.0780110359191895]
[5.2311930656433105]
[0.5634810924530029]
[0.850888192653656]
[7.083454608917236]
[501.3783264160156]
[46.220462799072266]
[11.51400375366211]
[21.02621078491211]
[1.0780757665634155]
[0.15791840851306915]
[4.655206203460693]
[1.5935964584350586]
[2.8089864253997803]
[0.1376999169588089]
[1.9324955940246582]
[0.4592325985431671]
[31.165742874145508]
[7.5944318771362305]
[0.8366299271583557]
[69.5261459350586]
[2.0796432495117188]
[4.483365058898926]
[0.9663897752761841]
[3.7316675186157227]
[6.502188682556152]
[9.79831314086914]
[8.94649887084961]
[3.3972079753875732]
[2.359848976135254]
[4.7898945808410645]
[7.799160003662109]
[4.126154899597168]
[6.765176296234131]
[0.20638076961040497]
[4.21165132522583]
[8.937016487121582]
[2.0320918560028076]
[3.6520137786865234]
[1.3027583360671997]
[9.480304718017578]
[5.367231845855713]
[44.968387603759766]
[2.110531806945801]
[1.3550010919570923]
[5.293940544128418]
[3.105710983276367]
[2.456394910812378]
[219.6005859375]
[6.26186990737915]
[2.3005576133728027]
[1.573675513267517]
[12.677209854125977]
[566.6900024414062]
[1.9874749183654785]
[5.393218994140625]
[3.7551755905151367]
[6.770132064819336]
[0.4078311622142792]
[1.019734501838684]
[2.579486608505249]
[4.658594131469727]
[1.458343505859375]
[1.6399954557418823]
[3.0685250759124756]
[2.935652732849121]
[6.211005687713623]
[0.15034814178943634]
[0.290437787771225]
[24.375009536743164]
[3.486344575881958]
[6.302093505859375]
[6.7151665687561035]
[6.324955463409424]
[0.1226147711277008]
[1.8797498941421509]
[8.960976600646973]
[2.5713815689086914]
[60.665523529052734]
[2.827805280685425]
[0.1971779614686966]
[3.262753486633301]
[0.3814890682697296]
[72.8854751586914]
[10.3364896774292]
[104.74203491210938]
[1.5262995958328247]
[6.71961784362793]
[3.252169609069824]
[147.4145965576172]
[145.602783203125]
[2.380103349685669]
[2.0174033641815186]
[2.3946781158447266]
[6.62924861907959]
[0.7485997676849365]
[8.509413719177246]
[66.80728149414062]
[0.3755212128162384]
[0.20324331521987915]
[13.29354476928711]
[68.6919937133789]
[1.7663978338241577]
[1.2991385459899902]
[1.8646434545516968]
[1.7858848571777344]
[2.6592538356781006]
[112.51690673828125]
[65.43840026855469]
[2.798058271408081]
[55.269081115722656]
[1.6918503046035767]
[206.1555633544922]
[4.902266025543213]
[81.2228775024414]
[3.152878761291504]
[3.889986276626587]
[0.20269368588924408]
[11.582572937011719]
[1.4115402698516846]
[1.0130747556686401]
[3.0523200035095215]
[2.7867934703826904]
[67.70405578613281]
[6.766618251800537]
[3.4877474308013916]
[2.332933187484741]
[11.234960556030273]
[3.7626845836639404]
[3.586138963699341]
[1.8000179529190063]
[4.626455307006836]
[54.78294372558594]
[3.9030795097351074]
[113.73011779785156]
[3.7970664501190186]
[0.2663685977458954]
[106.39578247070312]
[7.834383010864258]
[4.592019557952881]
[0.8789628744125366]
[0.11041978746652603]
[4.024848461151123]
[6.502051830291748]
[3.619283676147461]
[7.691707611083984]
[0.8345557451248169]
[4.543247222900391]
[6.950920581817627]
[3.073676109313965]
[551.4529418945312]
[0.594292938709259]
[2.2492640018463135]
[0.45649954676628113]
[1.2903316020965576]
[0.5865845084190369]
[4.285829067230225]
[2.656682014465332]
[8.250657081604004]
[18.681241989135742]
[0.8834449648857117]
[0.2101697474718094]
[3.0281054973602295]
[0.3640979826450348]
[1.8317092657089233]
[131.32040405273438]
[8.547837257385254]
[0.1215919479727745]
[7.975872039794922]
[0.11805615574121475]
[3.401686906814575]
[10.032434463500977]
[131.69293212890625]
[307.642822265625]
[8.723053932189941]
[5.9662766456604]
[3.7889513969421387]
[1.091180682182312]
[6.363531112670898]
[1.3972671031951904]
[53.43135070800781]
[0.6823114156723022]
[5.4428300857543945]
[0.1734442263841629]
[16.42998504638672]
[7.813025951385498]
[5.748861312866211]
[9.472119331359863]
[4.349832534790039]
[0.8196317553520203]
[2.1191256046295166]
[3.1870532035827637]
[70.0572738647461]
[3.6165261268615723]
[4.952403545379639]
[17.728565216064453]
[13.935455322265625]
[2.0162994861602783]
[53.9359016418457]
[1.940639615058899]
[3.6468212604522705]
[6.152398109436035]
[5.631670951843262]
[2.427215814590454]
[187.4613800048828]
[7.72117805480957]
[1.4795279502868652]
[8.99158000946045]
[6.430291175842285]
[1.1923967599868774]
[15.160765647888184]
[5.159034252166748]
[7.290099620819092]
[6.778268814086914]
[1.0720124244689941]
[1.3923016786575317]
[3.6672163009643555]
[0.8576408624649048]
[9.314848899841309]
[4.11534309387207]
[4.278940677642822]
[2.905423164367676]
[0.998279869556427]
[0.5599105358123779]
[58.21231460571289]
[6.57008171081543]
[0.061943840235471725]
[1.248368740081787]
[10.518275260925293]
[5.285588264465332]
[2.1235289573669434]
[0.7782050967216492]
[81.31892395019531]
[1.0098919868469238]
[1.2886991500854492]
[0.14123597741127014]
[0.2692919671535492]
[57.45228576660156]
[228.75067138671875]
[3.4084622859954834]
[1.701598048210144]
[65.35971069335938]
[9.417527198791504]
[8.850396156311035]
[0.8163782358169556]
[2.1657674312591553]
[3.547872543334961]
[0.4444893002510071]
[4.62436580657959]
[0.04501798748970032]
[139.32391357421875]
[0.3799594044685364]
[13.276324272155762]
[2.7554988861083984]
[0.5720836520195007]
[8.375792503356934]
[3.1883039474487305]
[139.2283935546875]
[0.29460012912750244]
[0.21844787895679474]
[2.762598991394043]
[43.6510124206543]
[3.4959375858306885]
[5.45866584777832]
[1.9208145141601562]
[5.852530479431152]
[0.42180564999580383]
[0.3738231658935547]
[4.77541971206665]
[41.087921142578125]
[1.8283934593200684]
[50.680946350097656]
[189.22259521484375]
[3.159018039703369]
[6.923488140106201]
[2.0135185718536377]
[8.695810317993164]
[0.5052676200866699]
[0.5178792476654053]
[2.41178035736084]
[54.476348876953125]
[6.901840686798096]
[3.4505057334899902]
[1.1503831148147583]
[6.380359649658203]
[2.0554556846618652]
[4.711911678314209]
[15.678844451904297]
[129.49969482421875]
[0.2184656858444214]
[5.199437141418457]
[1.2691065073013306]
[14.632506370544434]
[0.1761360913515091]
[8.12746524810791]
[0.8133527636528015]
[0.8297545909881592]
[3.015054702758789]
[9.386076927185059]
[7.464365005493164]
[144.56204223632812]
[0.7541831135749817]
[76.67700958251953]
[1.1865265369415283]
[0.07908224314451218]
[4.7736968994140625]
[3.332453727722168]
[0.6029652953147888]
[5.387472152709961]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[198.20596313476562]
[18.954622268676758]
[2.9621829986572266]
[0.452683687210083]
[54.994293212890625]
[13.63886833190918]
[0.34680381417274475]
[6.022602558135986]
[5.670942306518555]
[3.7359695434570312]
[4.066801071166992]
[2.3680336475372314]
[52.236488342285156]
[0.16473130881786346]
[14.136070251464844]
[9.42626953125]
[1.6808247566223145]
[1.9751564264297485]
[57.71819305419922]
[18.815019607543945]
[0.35337409377098083]
[3.4370174407958984]
[0.1174698993563652]
[0.46241432428359985]
[3.5040218830108643]
[8.94175910949707]
[9.785402297973633]
[0.9196265339851379]
[180.7860107421875]
[2.866518259048462]
[56.58201217651367]
[8.83521556854248]
[3.8302972316741943]
[3.3077144622802734]
[109.74908447265625]
[6.653066635131836]
[14.257336616516113]
[19.614988327026367]
[5.560722827911377]
[120.54928588867188]
[6.172886371612549]
[0.900071918964386]
[0.9761842489242554]
[6.636010646820068]
[4.002021312713623]
[4.316331386566162]
[2.5502748489379883]
[4.46934700012207]
[5.158060073852539]
[0.266363263130188]
[8.353679656982422]
[2.1927356719970703]
[53.297000885009766]
[1560.5701904296875]
[4.303160667419434]
[1.6321378946304321]
[5.853504657745361]
[5.89408016204834]
[12.95022201538086]
[1.1285953521728516]
[126.602294921875]
[3.2960212230682373]
[20.29315948486328]
[2.077831983566284]
[1.852964162826538]
[21.076200485229492]
[2.767610549926758]
[4.343685626983643]
[4.64942741394043]
[101.42959594726562]
[13.253278732299805]
[10.100854873657227]
[6.912043571472168]
[4.932147026062012]
[3.8594510555267334]
[16.097400665283203]
[2.442336082458496]
[6.260336399078369]
[9.028467178344727]
[14.873147010803223]
[167.18569946289062]
[0.5072972774505615]
[1.2927865982055664]
[15.447370529174805]
[1.824844479560852]
[1.9351328611373901]
[177.53106689453125]
[9.109358787536621]
[0.741340160369873]
[107.85818481445312]
[2.5883567333221436]
[5.883707046508789]
[2.496135950088501]
[9.504804611206055]
[61.919044494628906]
[262.3580322265625]
[2.8872756958007812]
[4.816256046295166]
[38.48269271850586]
[0.8542433381080627]
[3.9116287231445312]
[5.436373710632324]
[86.8508529663086]
[3.1166064739227295]
[6.278254508972168]
[7.346348762512207]
[1.28035569190979]
[15.1084623336792]
[2.6572999954223633]
[2.8706650733947754]
[2.891648292541504]
[12.954371452331543]
[6.480678558349609]
[15.036931037902832]
[108.30807495117188]
[4.89860725402832]
[21.290868759155273]
[4.759873867034912]
[14.105476379394531]
[74.03546142578125]
[0.6797664165496826]
[1.5877182483673096]
[2.898458480834961]
[6.275547504425049]
[1.4443968534469604]
[15.996843338012695]
[8.337435722351074]
[1.4397680759429932]
[12.462492942810059]
[4.82889986038208]
[0.8839601278305054]
[0.908643364906311]
[63.02994155883789]
[3.4233133792877197]
[0.18209798634052277]
[9.430811882019043]
[3.3785791397094727]
[59.088401794433594]
[13.201521873474121]
[1.3771308660507202]
[0.5622007846832275]
[7.790635585784912]
[0.5228084921836853]
[0.37205180525779724]
[138.0079345703125]
[8.229310035705566]
[0.7787933945655823]
[0.7124176025390625]
[1.9877443313598633]
[5.018801212310791]
[2.1367642879486084]
[1.4199084043502808]
[4.246097564697266]
[6.987723350524902]
[8.772088050842285]
[2.603254795074463]
[0.18478985130786896]
[3.291656494140625]
[53.8668212890625]
[11.50414752960205]
[3.2420036792755127]
[3.0911505222320557]
[2.678408622741699]
[4.207198143005371]
[1.1992014646530151]
[0.20831961929798126]
[15.707527160644531]
[3.0652105808258057]
[19.41301918029785]
[11.647343635559082]
[0.5479775667190552]
[6.7512030601501465]
[5.261372089385986]
[8.665974617004395]
[0.15492446720600128]
[14.144248962402344]
[1.236545205116272]
[7.731375694274902]
[0.7870197892189026]
[13.324481010437012]
[8.619921684265137]
[4.754456520080566]
[0.19146408140659332]
[2.322401285171509]
[113.48004913330078]
[3.9575159549713135]
[124.1380844116211]
[1000.4989013671875]
[4.52846622467041]
[3.164503812789917]
[1.3419480323791504]
[13.161693572998047]
[1.0645878314971924]
[15.566547393798828]
[4.743969917297363]
[2.8698620796203613]
[21.30111312866211]
[0.16398580372333527]
[0.17987485229969025]
[77.32775115966797]
[30.04401206970215]
[301.5550537109375]
[1.9104831218719482]
[9.266831398010254]
[1.2871603965759277]
[11.098108291625977]
[7.125848770141602]
[0.15666498243808746]
[2.8064584732055664]
[3.5280301570892334]
[1.9721134901046753]
[2.5110156536102295]
[13.767559051513672]
[3.140925645828247]
[37.08180236816406]
[7.675195693969727]
[0.7465226650238037]
[8.085753440856934]
[10.58226203918457]
[1.0701515674591064]
[49.24293518066406]
[16.94655418395996]
[1.0702173709869385]
[0.5572035312652588]
[2.025365114212036]
[287.4646301269531]
[8.389116287231445]
[1.0805318355560303]
[7.875133514404297]
[5.2517409324646]
[82.98037719726562]
[2.557917833328247]
[4.019247055053711]
[72.91283416748047]
[49.03203201293945]
[3.823047399520874]
[6.368180751800537]
[19.991254806518555]
[59.34220886230469]
[0.5745881199836731]
[11.920903205871582]
[170.73849487304688]
[5.810840606689453]
[1.1978610754013062]
[4.690984725952148]
[6.859777450561523]
[0.45218154788017273]
[9.059380531311035]
[10.583029747009277]
[0.598945677280426]
[11.33078384399414]
[3.8881664276123047]
[0.653268575668335]
[4.2876362800598145]
[75.40723419189453]
[0.41899335384368896]
[63.01805114746094]
[3.21572208404541]
[6.186390399932861]
[0.5696309804916382]
[6.3760786056518555]
[265.8775329589844]
[10.094727516174316]
[1.1161037683486938]
[3.9232981204986572]
[17.553287506103516]
[132.8119659423828]
[3.8978967666625977]
[0.2048061043024063]
[65.21791076660156]
[7.341435432434082]
[0.7203612327575684]
[4.408796787261963]
[1.9252712726593018]
[7.326972484588623]
[0.3242488503456116]
[4.2312445640563965]
[1.049964189529419]
[0.2940073013305664]
[19.17022132873535]
[14.532480239868164]
[0.19883106648921967]
[24.63457679748535]
[9.533380508422852]
[0.2251048982143402]
[2.1472482681274414]
[8.4512300491333]
[0.8607357740402222]
[11.784582138061523]
[5.105869770050049]
[194.7935791015625]
[7.316795825958252]
[119.37265014648438]
[47.788394927978516]
[0.7788593769073486]
[9.507813453674316]
[5.701597213745117]
[1.3205472230911255]
[1.7080825567245483]
[4.287515163421631]
[108.65727233886719]
[4.784620761871338]
[78.98406982421875]
[0.42764347791671753]
[14.708077430725098]
[5.920881271362305]
[1.389359474182129]
[2.7227203845977783]
[1.0864530801773071]
[0.6687619686126709]
[0.25803616642951965]
[3.9832756519317627]
[2.9798429012298584]
[0.2750991880893707]
[0.24700316786766052]
[4.1288533210754395]
[1.739158272743225]
[2.5584845542907715]
[41.948246002197266]
[4.855809211730957]
[0.8067598938941956]
[1.0368685722351074]
[2.0689809322357178]
[12.324994087219238]
[5.793129920959473]
[11.808021545410156]
[2.7374911308288574]
[3.304036855697632]
[458.49359130859375]
[0.221252903342247]
[15.016793251037598]
[5.587424278259277]
[2.5762219429016113]
[4.706914901733398]
[1.7999387979507446]
[157.4036865234375]
[3.5509231090545654]
[8.765466690063477]
[245.21929931640625]
[6.626087665557861]
[13.303082466125488]
[0.2259029895067215]
[7.630308151245117]
[0.2654356062412262]
[2.036590337753296]
[5.259746074676514]
[1.547560691833496]
[9.433767318725586]
[17.166635513305664]
[101.74337768554688]
[0.8610491156578064]
[5.525172233581543]
[1.6935769319534302]
[4.315085411071777]
[4.38270378112793]
[3.6989853382110596]
[0.07531969249248505]
[0.8538123965263367]
[3.878634452819824]
[134.48468017578125]
[4.426375865936279]
[11.248425483703613]
[10.350629806518555]
[1.7555357217788696]
[11.171544075012207]
[3.0005862712860107]
[3.0231385231018066]
[151.66522216796875]
[1.3047544956207275]
[8.823419570922852]
[0.29103806614875793]
[0.6264162659645081]
[2.6675734519958496]
[0.9266030788421631]
[0.7442893385887146]
[2.6185779571533203]
[5.835263729095459]
[7.843101978302002]
[5.327127456665039]
[5.66026496887207]
[290.2724914550781]
[380.6558532714844]
[109.31458282470703]
[3.2372493743896484]
[0.19185611605644226]
[1.4125583171844482]
[2.738180160522461]
[67.28331756591797]
[3.1940295696258545]
[98.00691223144531]
[10.616743087768555]
[17.43505096435547]
[4.19997501373291]
[2.021214246749878]
[5.7174201011657715]
[0.3352698087692261]
[4.814363479614258]
[5.50944709777832]
[0.1824369579553604]
[2.6141750812530518]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[27.477272033691406]
[0.4528026580810547]
[5.519078254699707]
[8.218218803405762]
[7.403570175170898]
[2.201474189758301]
[3.0737850666046143]
[7.629577159881592]
[0.6229578852653503]
[14.009840965270996]
[5.873056411743164]
[0.42137837409973145]
[3.7276992797851562]
[6.567383289337158]
[2.414942502975464]
[0.9093349575996399]
[67.3283920288086]
[5.781375885009766]
[0.4200955331325531]
[1.9991978406906128]
[0.04815021529793739]
[1.9729670286178589]
[0.6678650379180908]
[7.693027496337891]
[2.6689510345458984]
[6.241931915283203]
[0.8171394467353821]
[1.5450522899627686]
[5.618903636932373]
[3.054974317550659]
[4.3869428634643555]
[5.013172149658203]
[0.20819072425365448]
[0.5986070036888123]
[0.05182456970214844]
[4.038614273071289]
[0.2727173864841461]
[89.90441131591797]
[3.1347315311431885]
[0.8205705881118774]
[2.875958204269409]
[0.7967728972434998]
[0.5390080213546753]
[3.8629026412963867]
[64.0184555053711]
[57.10578536987305]
[3.199239492416382]
[2.626661777496338]
[120.96015930175781]
[74.02020263671875]
[2.8088502883911133]
[14.305411338806152]
[68.7704086303711]
[3.8251447677612305]
[10.057404518127441]
[1.497685194015503]
[38.23004150390625]
[111.82355499267578]
[2.534364700317383]
[0.5013617873191833]
[213.49378967285156]
[11.691370964050293]
[2.1893622875213623]
[4.0125837326049805]
[2.8976564407348633]
[6.840207099914551]
[5.1308159828186035]
[9.811634063720703]
[2.5879087448120117]
[0.7768320441246033]
[2.700704336166382]
[114.31023406982422]
[5.967888832092285]
[36.81293869018555]
[1.3463199138641357]
[3.4424843788146973]
[2.187347173690796]
[88.78934478759766]
[6.052923679351807]
[6.612846851348877]
[147.0118865966797]
[5.468508720397949]
[19.038114547729492]
[105.95297241210938]
[5.992023468017578]
[117.14068603515625]
[1.2455499172210693]
[5.082927703857422]
[0.8995657563209534]
[55.28787612915039]
[1.5119892358779907]
[3647.426025390625]
[474.5765686035156]
[1.4629172086715698]
[0.3679336905479431]
[0.4752498269081116]
[19.380434036254883]
[10.245006561279297]
[0.7649704813957214]
[28.33935546875]
[2.6425366401672363]
[36.345741271972656]
[44.262962341308594]
[25.154050827026367]
[395.563232421875]
[54.44834899902344]
[29.380390167236328]
[1093.3070068359375]
[6.167568206787109]
[16.092077255249023]
[20.2919979095459]
[82.3600845336914]
[10.303483009338379]
[6.106687545776367]
[2.267592191696167]
[11.051928520202637]
[10.900949478149414]
[360.5733947753906]
[29.179771423339844]
[12.866613388061523]
[33.38953399658203]
[1.6375758647918701]
[8.391098976135254]
[16.172740936279297]
[15.22467041015625]
[20.460350036621094]
[43.35822677612305]
[0.7390581369400024]
[15.354443550109863]
[7.583790302276611]
[1.2905097007751465]
[0.9124759435653687]
[3.044638156890869]
[0.3533812463283539]
[6.659249782562256]
[23.142719268798828]
[9.208346366882324]
[2.5200295448303223]
[7.250300407409668]
[9.885283470153809]
[6.727419376373291]
[2.709157943725586]
[6.9043755531311035]
[0.9039974212646484]
[0.7020353078842163]
[18.18227195739746]
[4.904263019561768]
[3.89886474609375]
[20.134960174560547]
[14.8894681930542]
[37.41740036010742]
[13.987144470214844]
[22.353872299194336]
[7.513858795166016]
[1.075179934501648]
[4.1203179359436035]
[0.5887603163719177]
[7.533568859100342]
[3.186626672744751]
[0.8431353569030762]
[5.249583721160889]
[5.299990177154541]
[4.901528358459473]
[8.594171524047852]
[10.579480171203613]
[0.4480432868003845]
[2.8440234661102295]
[3.710613965988159]
[2.1425695419311523]
[9.062000274658203]
[4.916140079498291]
[19.184284210205078]
[3.0951297283172607]
[1.0385524034500122]
[10.106393814086914]
[17.11881446838379]
[2.4601736068725586]
[4.969211578369141]
[3.1294023990631104]
[0.514045000076294]
[2.7658135890960693]
[114.67657470703125]
[6.99360466003418]
[2.3752293586730957]
[2.5141522884368896]
[2.7123568058013916]
[2.45407772064209]
[4.953850746154785]
[10.171260833740234]
[18.909259796142578]
[1.9488188028335571]
[1.080405831336975]
[7.398928642272949]
[171.6955108642578]
[8.883136749267578]
[4.755859851837158]
[2.9358131885528564]
[6.05278205871582]
[11.291007041931152]
[6.482785701751709]
[11.98340129852295]
[1.3450648784637451]
[74.02367401123047]
[1.013228416442871]
[4.336513996124268]
[16.047588348388672]
[4105.04736328125]
[0.33000537753105164]
[0.8094825148582458]
[1.159029483795166]
[12.424664497375488]
[11.503885269165039]
[46.290592193603516]
[6.0731635093688965]
[4.624388217926025]
[1552.25390625]
[13.41162109375]
[5.817404747009277]
[8.772578239440918]
[10.780553817749023]
[13.225702285766602]
[0.3565911054611206]
[73.24844360351562]
[6.085589408874512]
[7.337765693664551]
[25.470199584960938]
[4.284911155700684]
[23.581621170043945]
[2.900242805480957]
[8.526620864868164]
[13.725859642028809]
[71.95014953613281]
[19.929807662963867]
[38.85011291503906]
[22.264802932739258]
[8.509797096252441]
[13.404292106628418]
[8.4830904006958]
[0.4822445213794708]
[16.273151397705078]
[0.9580285549163818]
[6.24587869644165]
[17.15575408935547]
[1.6384949684143066]
[30.28692626953125]
[2.8714799880981445]
[3.9560298919677734]
[4.768551826477051]
[6.127315044403076]
[2.4365744590759277]
[3.394545793533325]
[8.355693817138672]
[0.27320966124534607]
[6.98222541809082]
[11.148460388183594]
[5.297483921051025]
[6.977121353149414]
[310.7290954589844]
[18.9764461517334]
[0.1802903711795807]
[3.469142198562622]
[0.38161131739616394]
[16.002714157104492]
[4.544994354248047]
[2065.186767578125]
[18.140968322753906]
[73.20803833007812]
[15.630631446838379]
[2.429987907409668]
[1.888985276222229]
[7.527772903442383]
[9.936633110046387]
[8.112700462341309]
[4.499261379241943]
[3.5045228004455566]
[21.176410675048828]
[1.096622109413147]
[0.41611576080322266]
[18.590219497680664]
[5.198963642120361]
[4.49633264541626]
[5.8939208984375]
[7.873507499694824]
[2.2580671310424805]
[5.470331192016602]
[3.4973678588867188]
[1.5249956846237183]
[0.4200729727745056]
[4.939373016357422]
[13.575840950012207]
[11.556809425354004]
[1.497182011604309]
[14.185853004455566]
[1.530955195426941]
[7.284175872802734]
[2.472980499267578]
[5.778018951416016]
[2.644144058227539]
[5.02449369430542]
[68.15577697753906]
[0.957395613193512]
[0.9919726848602295]
[8.910957336425781]
[6.133401870727539]
[4.66431188583374]
[12.745569229125977]
[0.25613322854042053]
[20.516014099121094]
[7.553257465362549]
[1.6357537508010864]
[12.37398910522461]
[24.52423667907715]
[9.10327434539795]
[10.547338485717773]
[3.0008316040039062]
[8.973296165466309]
[3.7974164485931396]
[16.60698890686035]
[3.5907137393951416]
[0.8197060227394104]
[2.3087713718414307]
[0.8327224850654602]
[4.961762428283691]
[1.2577793598175049]
[116.87922668457031]
[1.698318600654602]
[5.842838764190674]
[8.762715339660645]
[122.41787719726562]
[2.753040075302124]
[75.6600570678711]
[5.598243236541748]
[1.9060750007629395]
[7.101003646850586]
[1126.2119140625]
[23.373716354370117]
[2.219715118408203]
[10.860069274902344]
[38.327598571777344]
[1.1898592710494995]
[0.43320316076278687]
[3.7687008380889893]
[20.604454040527344]
[3.9732298851013184]
[1.892896294593811]
[2764.66943359375]
[6.298526763916016]
[1.2971444129943848]
[1.6919664144515991]
[0.6464722156524658]
[1.3418891429901123]
[0.3416563868522644]
[80.59126281738281]
[4.455657482147217]
[43.339111328125]
[0.2813355326652527]
[0.9696071743965149]
[7.719787120819092]
[14.064525604248047]
[313.9331970214844]
[101.25841522216797]
[7.041686534881592]
[1.153780221939087]
[8.990387916564941]
[2.4833784103393555]
[150.20455932617188]
[8.183238983154297]
[122.68899536132812]
[2.6739661693573]
[0.9695106744766235]
[1.0058064460754395]
[0.28095901012420654]
[155.99234008789062]
[3.7128095626831055]
[40.821529388427734]
[60.917579650878906]
[4.3065505027771]
[1.2946045398712158]
[2.1239144802093506]
[6.418884754180908]
[3.294698476791382]
[6.20609188079834]
[2.705606460571289]
[0.4988001883029938]
[9.486927032470703]
[127.70306396484375]
[13.213576316833496]
[1.1897333860397339]
[3.290980815887451]
[1.5176939964294434]
[1.0430792570114136]
[9.4531888961792]
[2.315329074859619]
[3.5710787773132324]
[13.671314239501953]
[4.135726451873779]
[5.319255352020264]
[5.175662040710449]
[5.8189616203308105]
[5.313089370727539]
[16.711545944213867]
[6.730082988739014]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.3001339435577393]
[10.590740203857422]
[0.2657924294471741]
[2.1998887062072754]
[9.261526107788086]
[268.97076416015625]
[78.33612823486328]
[149.4297637939453]
[79.4967041015625]
[3.3932931423187256]
[0.7143107652664185]
[0.9691618084907532]
[1.5308946371078491]
[5.588287830352783]
[4.500820159912109]
[8.900420188903809]
[2.8043463230133057]
[4.3784074783325195]
[44.738651275634766]
[45.085784912109375]
[0.47260215878486633]
[1.1270486116409302]
[11.256097793579102]
[18.918527603149414]
[1.6263792514801025]
[0.7043718695640564]
[5.666505336761475]
[10.579259872436523]
[6.225917816162109]
[2.756178855895996]
[14.516079902648926]
[5.175961494445801]
[0.5521243810653687]
[23.439247131347656]
[1.7946029901504517]
[8.047351837158203]
[1.4863390922546387]
[9.463003158569336]
[3.489288568496704]
[2.475008010864258]
[0.2023339867591858]
[133.63014221191406]
[12.360832214355469]
[2199.6533203125]
[1.5209426879882812]
[15.050829887390137]
[1.3223729133605957]
[1.3475837707519531]
[29.84073257446289]
[80.42000579833984]
[11.5791015625]
[15.360687255859375]
[9.365447044372559]
[0.4911603629589081]
[8.553833961486816]
[9.089776992797852]
[164.42715454101562]
[55.08295440673828]
[4.849952220916748]
[23.341358184814453]
[77.41182708740234]
[5.568577766418457]
[0.5293759703636169]
[10.778039932250977]
[0.5565693378448486]
[8.839786529541016]
[41.777103424072266]
[7.491795063018799]
[7.517482757568359]
[0.4535655677318573]
[6.897284507751465]
[14.888470649719238]
[0.6049473881721497]
[0.5434549450874329]
[2613.238037109375]
[121.09058380126953]
[10.591117858886719]
[8.479881286621094]
[5.923707962036133]
[14.77160358428955]
[5.2277374267578125]
[1.5812153816223145]
[15.015463829040527]
[3.8888187408447266]
[11.395255088806152]
[4.494714736938477]
[36.901527404785156]
[13.917169570922852]
[2776.766357421875]
[16.215599060058594]
[19.015880584716797]
[6.754360198974609]
[9.728711128234863]
[17.026338577270508]
[6.516071796417236]
[1.3260389566421509]
[7.106651782989502]
[0.7350237369537354]
[6.34648323059082]
[12.943146705627441]
[11.831995010375977]
[3.5785460472106934]
[14.990224838256836]
[2.5354158878326416]
[9.814864158630371]
[0.7731097936630249]
[26.04633140563965]
[11.0309476852417]
[0.9431936740875244]
[33.20576477050781]
[0.5281471014022827]
[6.821661472320557]
[8.464293479919434]
[284.968505859375]
[24.594175338745117]
[5.8348188400268555]
[8.600399017333984]
[12.491674423217773]
[0.4019324481487274]
[10.181846618652344]
[2.000134229660034]
[12.186823844909668]
[69.72427368164062]
[9.54636001586914]
[1.4224926233291626]
[10.103937149047852]
[1.4399532079696655]
[1.4916234016418457]
[5.0699663162231445]
[89.2511215209961]
[72.83810424804688]
[3.1871237754821777]
[3.4749298095703125]
[2.4869565963745117]
[5.086657524108887]
[1.8085709810256958]
[0.32207953929901123]
[24.713205337524414]
[3.4639248847961426]
[2.441507339477539]
[169.03831481933594]
[10.046341896057129]
[150.09735107421875]
[3.0583086013793945]
[3.0304489135742188]
[9.20561408996582]
[3.5180184841156006]
[1.0142406225204468]
[132.7808380126953]
[9.012032508850098]
[2.360234260559082]
[3.2311673164367676]
[5.6980414390563965]
[0.17722934484481812]
[0.1207132637500763]
[3.743075370788574]
[3.9689550399780273]
[12.279428482055664]
[284.91748046875]
[14.722869873046875]
[2.303297758102417]
[62.15760803222656]
[4.953022480010986]
[1484.85107421875]
[6.804316520690918]
[9.388813018798828]
[6.6654791831970215]
[6.159245491027832]
[14.447101593017578]
[4.66717004776001]
[10.684687614440918]
[3.0214955806732178]
[19.424518585205078]
[18.453866958618164]
[101.92745971679688]
[44.80677795410156]
[111.0627212524414]
[6.4081926345825195]
[98.38435363769531]
[17.46412467956543]
[16.508159637451172]
[36.09181594848633]
[11.473010063171387]
[35.46476745605469]
[5.080236911773682]
[9.174665451049805]
[9.8292818069458]
[49.00986862182617]
[19.272695541381836]
[8.63940715789795]
[75.03730010986328]
[0.5403205752372742]
[30.970542907714844]
[2.166922092437744]
[26.45641326904297]
[5.147071361541748]
[6.033846855163574]
[8.681191444396973]
[10.188566207885742]
[0.21172933280467987]
[8.382861137390137]
[18.64089584350586]
[8.762059211730957]
[5.485043525695801]
[54.583351135253906]
[3.064218521118164]
[25.001466751098633]
[7.047258377075195]
[29.16796112060547]
[59.30060958862305]
[8.659575462341309]
[1.3517569303512573]
[23.324243545532227]
[2.1599512100219727]
[15.560364723205566]
[3.8309292793273926]
[58.45304870605469]
[7.676574230194092]
[5.600739002227783]
[16.995891571044922]
[21.17208480834961]
[2.1534717082977295]
[2.088982343673706]
[21.793380737304688]
[3.72597599029541]
[3.2744638919830322]
[22.579195022583008]
[6.262995719909668]
[16.171415328979492]
[0.7549684047698975]
[60.86137771606445]
[6.459123134613037]
[3.9660184383392334]
[1.725422978401184]
[1.6699719429016113]
[1.4862067699432373]
[17.90749740600586]
[1.1986316442489624]
[20.856813430786133]
[12.666539192199707]
[1044.2735595703125]
[1.7953681945800781]
[12.756800651550293]
[6.051140785217285]
[12.002989768981934]
[2.4469690322875977]
[17.52204132080078]
[69.87480163574219]
[65.48042297363281]
[29.252504348754883]
[10.745087623596191]
[386.4725036621094]
[50.88426208496094]
[2.7332427501678467]
[88.93392944335938]
[8.355428695678711]
[12.511713027954102]
[24.75530433654785]
[19.743799209594727]
[15.872672080993652]
[29.022005081176758]
[21.711349487304688]
[8.049657821655273]
[20.068798065185547]
[44.260643005371094]
[5.21584939956665]
[63.991783142089844]
[236.99813842773438]
[7.11785888671875]
[32.351043701171875]
[14.93618392944336]
[87.37466430664062]
[31.089738845825195]
[2.008713960647583]
[1.5848169326782227]
[7.68608283996582]
[14.031065940856934]
[11.904959678649902]
[2.083292007446289]
[38.88368225097656]
[21.703655242919922]
[0.7968930602073669]
[7.539999008178711]
[147.1522979736328]
[1.9551523923873901]
[0.4132339060306549]
[38.056053161621094]
[14.803147315979004]
[27.114126205444336]
[3.224053144454956]
[2.9734463691711426]
[15.99825668334961]
[30.351369857788086]
[21.836984634399414]
[5.856858730316162]
[6.999322891235352]
[8.290979385375977]
[340.0899658203125]
[1.848708152770996]
[16.619997024536133]
[36.120460510253906]
[294.8926696777344]
[2.3552329540252686]
[14.400330543518066]
[65.84596252441406]
[2.100090980529785]
[24.413728713989258]
[5.561347007751465]
[2.9052484035491943]
[14.819023132324219]
[3.2563486099243164]
[2.134228467941284]
[12.863974571228027]
[11.538488388061523]
[11.114663124084473]
[1.283240556716919]
[1.9071295261383057]
[0.5393552184104919]
[3.814131736755371]
[0.48199522495269775]
[6.583514213562012]
[8.785662651062012]
[1.1858712434768677]
[7.183560848236084]
[1.6385853290557861]
[50.02009201049805]
[23.3769588470459]
[14.000980377197266]
[6.308950424194336]
[7.026501655578613]
[6.959003448486328]
[11.794350624084473]
[1.4086432456970215]
[45.42051696777344]
[4.990970611572266]
[20.594438552856445]
[20.477275848388672]
[2.5799875259399414]
[1.7916085720062256]
[0.2461910992860794]
[0.3613322079181671]
[0.9146343469619751]
[151.09039306640625]
[1.20843505859375]
[24.966901779174805]
[0.8815217018127441]
[4.013871192932129]
[6.951395034790039]
[14.539360046386719]
[13.312882423400879]
[2.6537442207336426]
[288.0008544921875]
[4.269683361053467]
[70.44329071044922]
[6.64193058013916]
[52.0703239440918]
[9.713888168334961]
[17.508054733276367]
[11.158944129943848]
[1.6716586351394653]
[12.945721626281738]
[16.22671127319336]
[3.8194305896759033]
[1.4843590259552002]
[1.7073112726211548]
[14.714856147766113]
[48.635799407958984]
[0.37742769718170166]
[0.1830051988363266]
[1.421461820602417]
[8.574012756347656]
[11.93964958190918]
[1.0416384935379028]
[48.596702575683594]
[0.16657701134681702]
[63.09359359741211]
[4.340662479400635]
[0.9536142945289612]
[58.12833023071289]
[76.12812805175781]
[29.237634658813477]
[1.083292841911316]
[2075.23779296875]
[2.3789777755737305]
[19.586536407470703]
[0.16548635065555573]
[0.8968170881271362]
[6.4136247634887695]
[1.4432334899902344]
[8.727503776550293]
[4.240952968597412]
[48.320064544677734]
[272.0033874511719]
[9.723386764526367]
[9.207063674926758]
[14.488839149475098]
[4.000770568847656]
[3.214780330657959]
[20.12738609313965]
[0.6566863059997559]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[7.778595447540283]
[58.67082214355469]
[70.49884796142578]
[6.154922008514404]
[13.75451946258545]
[0.8506369590759277]
[2.2244679927825928]
[0.13594476878643036]
[1.6084715127944946]
[4.196098804473877]
[17.321495056152344]
[1.7416369915008545]
[0.5181467533111572]
[0.6092090010643005]
[2.3931162357330322]
[0.7734323740005493]
[1.1831037998199463]
[0.37093886733055115]
[4.608508586883545]
[14.619784355163574]
[7.271575927734375]
[0.5709512829780579]
[9.097426414489746]
[1.8367981910705566]
[71.80196380615234]
[4.770245552062988]
[1.8097548484802246]
[7.637901782989502]
[4.665017604827881]
[12.295061111450195]
[265.9596862792969]
[3.6988272666931152]
[14.447135925292969]
[12.730740547180176]
[14.988856315612793]
[3.464761972427368]
[1.2219160795211792]
[5.793147563934326]
[6.309001922607422]
[1.707063913345337]
[1.3893318176269531]
[0.8948663473129272]
[132.03106689453125]
[0.4196310341358185]
[5.057545185089111]
[7.096489429473877]
[3.136953353881836]
[7.045067310333252]
[4.053564548492432]
[1.0154460668563843]
[7.616863250732422]
[1.4770170450210571]
[2.220146417617798]
[19.24051284790039]
[1.060124397277832]
[0.4769793450832367]
[68.2949447631836]
[2.64052677154541]
[1.4765392541885376]
[8.921504020690918]
[10.240730285644531]
[4.715355396270752]
[3.6042215824127197]
[3.0424020290374756]
[2.275254964828491]
[4.926489353179932]
[94.24285125732422]
[4.206508159637451]
[1.8853427171707153]
[1.740330696105957]
[3.992863178253174]
[4.591946601867676]
[9.9063138961792]
[0.8686935305595398]
[3.5979678630828857]
[9.842446327209473]
[1.7123507261276245]
[0.97576504945755]
[7.1849894523620605]
[2.3539066314697266]
[2.1520400047302246]
[2.7469794750213623]
[3.145109176635742]
[3.417268753051758]
[143.67666625976562]
[0.9429832696914673]
[3.222226619720459]
[1.4170383214950562]
[2.0703094005584717]
[1.0177019834518433]
[6.797987461090088]
[2.0399200916290283]
[0.1756414771080017]
[270.0877380371094]
[306.82666015625]
[6.23787784576416]
[0.5862160921096802]
[2.027904987335205]
[4.708919525146484]
[4.329437255859375]
[16.540037155151367]
[1.2185888290405273]
[9.625359535217285]
[3.294804334640503]
[7.957979202270508]
[3.7416341304779053]
[2.637765407562256]
[3.4641809463500977]
[5.549337863922119]
[0.33896103501319885]
[1.888343095779419]
[1.0292599201202393]
[3.1289849281311035]
[0.12918177247047424]
[1.5102086067199707]
[4.45577335357666]
[0.9516803622245789]
[0.6158342957496643]
[5.9435811042785645]
[8.650272369384766]
[1.577226161956787]
[0.21476684510707855]
[7.125786781311035]
[3.112093925476074]
[1.632429838180542]
[0.5958564877510071]
[1226.9920654296875]
[0.20047597587108612]
[0.1426718682050705]
[3.669466257095337]
[3.452101230621338]
[2.1658356189727783]
[35.776283264160156]
[5.083830833435059]
[3.218336820602417]
[18.784835815429688]
[79.53404235839844]
[1066.1976318359375]
[3.4824652671813965]
[1.038623332977295]
[0.5832061171531677]
[0.7192060351371765]
[5.796699047088623]
[37.434120178222656]
[11.086596488952637]
[5.906451225280762]
[57.884151458740234]
[1.854596734046936]
[16.022676467895508]
[7.992573261260986]
[1.196282148361206]
[126.04045867919922]
[11.069796562194824]
[1.8435554504394531]
[4.816982269287109]
[6.019320011138916]
[1.5681889057159424]
[0.9057111144065857]
[4.098663806915283]
[1.0972754955291748]
[1.2269383668899536]
[5.740625381469727]
[16.85017204284668]
[1.9018816947937012]
[1.0372403860092163]
[4.032978534698486]
[16.993053436279297]
[2.217426061630249]
[7.206871509552002]
[4.511468410491943]
[0.2785933017730713]
[15.60853385925293]
[6.438968658447266]
[9.19631290435791]
[16.790821075439453]
[5.335721969604492]
[4.222488880157471]
[1.2755955457687378]
[3.520658016204834]
[3.148038864135742]
[0.34243252873420715]
[113.8868179321289]
[5.689518928527832]
[2.345139503479004]
[61.11167526245117]
[9.528907775878906]
[52.372169494628906]
[4.548906326293945]
[2.724926710128784]
[1.5680445432662964]
[3.065443992614746]
[4.994753360748291]
[0.5373207330703735]
[1.4139487743377686]
[2.0872347354888916]
[5.11195182800293]
[2.334493637084961]
[0.7817631363868713]
[1.2280833721160889]
[56.046077728271484]
[1.6252696514129639]
[6.7886738777160645]
[2.9861679077148438]
[2.6960935592651367]
[2.590879201889038]
[4.0015482902526855]
[1.3596824407577515]
[0.7635759711265564]
[5.373809337615967]
[7.101315975189209]
[32.10688400268555]
[1.215715765953064]
[1.5478178262710571]
[4.023683547973633]
[3.573169469833374]
[2.7663369178771973]
[1.9373222589492798]
[0.7781729102134705]
[1.7276726961135864]
[2.410632848739624]
[1.5294495820999146]
[2.371204137802124]
[209.15859985351562]
[13.069519996643066]
[1.5653690099716187]
[1.9122314453125]
[4.435323715209961]
[0.7876821756362915]
[0.30450087785720825]
[5.002986907958984]
[372.0719909667969]
[0.8581768870353699]
[1.559309482574463]
[5.2675909996032715]
[4.031737327575684]
[3.4486095905303955]
[2.4697649478912354]
[1.604219675064087]
[7.0721893310546875]
[1.9870362281799316]
[1.4026609659194946]
[2.5173802375793457]
[2.0676677227020264]
[5.647740364074707]
[0.43499428033828735]
[3.36517333984375]
[255.41043090820312]
[6.114205837249756]
[1.2494152784347534]
[1.232093334197998]
[4.8244218826293945]
[3.2185592651367188]
[4.097573757171631]
[4.335632801055908]
[6.399630069732666]
[2166.839111328125]
[1.5420176982879639]
[2.3429040908813477]
[6.716383457183838]
[0.23859071731567383]
[5.205205917358398]
[122.0293197631836]
[12.858465194702148]
[6.3506855964660645]
[17.487707138061523]
[13.7164888381958]
[23.679931640625]
[1.0038996934890747]
[21.36309814453125]
[1.836794376373291]
[0.507408618927002]
[33.82299041748047]
[24.08917236328125]
[13.214144706726074]
[20.886192321777344]
[131.61729431152344]
[13.300379753112793]
[38.234771728515625]
[9.172731399536133]
[3.8870275020599365]
[42.0566291809082]
[44.146217346191406]
[10.911730766296387]
[3.6951639652252197]
[7.123428821563721]
[8.748619079589844]
[4.864124298095703]
[14.606911659240723]
[0.2579312026500702]
[14.360687255859375]
[0.2524058520793915]
[12.77531623840332]
[22.32330894470215]
[1.1568493843078613]
[0.2800346612930298]
[1.3021870851516724]
[1.4214904308319092]
[2.4214510917663574]
[21.8785457611084]
[1.3204283714294434]
[669.2919311523438]
[3.712179660797119]
[0.12034923583269119]
[7.461024284362793]
[675.7979736328125]
[6.490612983703613]
[1.6760367155075073]
[4.410674571990967]
[13.434205055236816]
[4.9098029136657715]
[3.2190823554992676]
[3.442061185836792]
[41.07551574707031]
[2.32613205909729]
[30.53154945373535]
[29.440488815307617]
[4.2278056144714355]
[10.707727432250977]
[24.9112606048584]
[26.410005569458008]
[19.345592498779297]
[22.241661071777344]
[322.30078125]
[16.457674026489258]
[79.92858123779297]
[0.3018553555011749]
[167.85089111328125]
[4.860462188720703]
[8.803236961364746]
[11.717574119567871]
[6.869589805603027]
[10.457149505615234]
[1.2650114297866821]
[0.5443452000617981]
[0.8091541528701782]
[62.35722351074219]
[0.747682511806488]
[6.5152435302734375]
[8.785326957702637]
[1.8226531744003296]
[19.38313102722168]
[1.7116328477859497]
[3.2100188732147217]
[1376.107177734375]
[199.1093292236328]
[9.376062393188477]
[0.39507684111595154]
[7.302361965179443]
[1.8013824224472046]
[3.2222707271575928]
[5.266026020050049]
[4.451690196990967]
[11.349152565002441]
[8.393628120422363]
[97.48973846435547]
[7.2646870613098145]
[8.67148208618164]
[0.8592944145202637]
[3.0298354625701904]
[11.763986587524414]
[1.9741908311843872]
[5.717472076416016]
[16.683753967285156]
[217.32652282714844]
[3.7798094749450684]
[2.032109260559082]
[1.5646920204162598]
[2.4611215591430664]
[9.308844566345215]
[2.6196775436401367]
[2.790900945663452]
[0.6207875609397888]
[1.7996946573257446]
[9.342601776123047]
[3.5796897411346436]
[5.5634965896606445]
[51.406978607177734]
[0.7253829836845398]
[4.6369476318359375]
[5.361865043640137]
[2.1720850467681885]
[6.666732311248779]
[3.770693063735962]
[10.722363471984863]
[12.076637268066406]
[33.81264877319336]
[15.89699935913086]
[0.9708361625671387]
[271.16094970703125]
[5.7360920906066895]
[11.790268898010254]
[6.8816022872924805]
[2.5045273303985596]
[1.2876640558242798]
[0.41406288743019104]
[2.849684715270996]
[6.728166580200195]
[19.118854522705078]
[7.678852558135986]
[2.8719680309295654]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.3072047233581543]
[6.892329216003418]
[3.8217246532440186]
[0.9204916954040527]
[1.1296753883361816]
[1.5591109991073608]
[3.3623082637786865]
[2.7525429725646973]
[2.037925958633423]
[266.11151123046875]
[0.9682930707931519]
[2.4524364471435547]
[1.0580323934555054]
[1.0705411434173584]
[12.173209190368652]
[0.43552806973457336]
[4.204083442687988]
[1.7630059719085693]
[14.6417818069458]
[7.20181941986084]
[1.3530195951461792]
[1.0155932903289795]
[4.567104339599609]
[9.078008651733398]
[0.41294384002685547]
[0.5761279463768005]
[0.6783112287521362]
[1.2082014083862305]
[0.7049345374107361]
[0.5660445094108582]
[1.3475112915039062]
[0.6528584361076355]
[33.7192497253418]
[7.793850898742676]
[3.6286237239837646]
[6.459446430206299]
[2.449089527130127]
[15.30090618133545]
[3.5359277725219727]
[1.0438075065612793]
[3.5526278018951416]
[0.8234642148017883]
[3.070559501647949]
[2.672240972518921]
[1.0142031908035278]
[0.9404958486557007]
[1.0509263277053833]
[0.9440493583679199]
[3.025317668914795]
[4.431457042694092]
[0.3441756069660187]
[0.2850002944469452]
[0.8457593321800232]
[0.8522109389305115]
[4.033226490020752]
[2.2946197986602783]
[141.21681213378906]
[9.068345069885254]
[0.9877480864524841]
[7.011771202087402]
[0.9012854099273682]
[166.9779052734375]
[0.15988458693027496]
[3.7707109451293945]
[3.015815496444702]
[0.9014772176742554]
[2.5671334266662598]
[0.4340439736843109]
[7.309686660766602]
[249.0684356689453]
[3.0181360244750977]
[92.33244323730469]
[0.6970169544219971]
[35.40067672729492]
[3.120244026184082]
[1.860823392868042]
[3.3092153072357178]
[3.4564566612243652]
[3.397908926010132]
[3.4392387866973877]
[11.058838844299316]
[3.0997610092163086]
[3.475449323654175]
[3.4508118629455566]
[1.2653483152389526]
[2.1173593997955322]
[4.178676605224609]
[148.21966552734375]
[4.916708469390869]
[5.269465446472168]
[0.8930371999740601]
[0.27350491285324097]
[3.660893440246582]
[1.432655930519104]
[1.0311474800109863]
[5.027015209197998]
[0.2759840786457062]
[0.27764931321144104]
[1.9215788841247559]
[160.30697631835938]
[1.074765682220459]
[2.40730881690979]
[4.023796558380127]
[7.308990478515625]
[2.21620512008667]
[0.708649754524231]
[8.05755615234375]
[4.6187214851379395]
[4.1414475440979]
[7.579136848449707]
[4.2798357009887695]
[0.9541172981262207]
[1.4331573247909546]
[0.3456544876098633]
[2.3677828311920166]
[94.934326171875]
[2.792220115661621]
[1.9554564952850342]
[2.352691888809204]
[0.325687438249588]
[1.7407691478729248]
[4.554502964019775]
[11.123645782470703]
[121.45354461669922]
[1.9804067611694336]
[2.163966655731201]
[2.7986700534820557]
[1.7073431015014648]
[6.600213050842285]
[0.8142222762107849]
[1.4343233108520508]
[1.1764459609985352]
[8.25361442565918]
[4.735223770141602]
[1.793250560760498]
[0.9952418804168701]
[0.8823150396347046]
[2.2391228675842285]
[0.9799248576164246]
[68.99846649169922]
[0.2619873881340027]
[4.616545677185059]
[0.7413134574890137]
[0.6460579037666321]
[0.8012427687644958]
[1.0646774768829346]
[1.2786030769348145]
[1.2432186603546143]
[9.962108612060547]
[5.591724872589111]
[8.463818550109863]
[3.881420373916626]
[6.245706081390381]
[1.5327949523925781]
[6.0935187339782715]
[0.16159717738628387]
[2.357046127319336]
[1.391332983970642]
[123.53651428222656]
[0.3185381591320038]
[4.618350982666016]
[5.301002025604248]
[0.6159672737121582]
[1.4327239990234375]
[5.119746685028076]
[6.4757843017578125]
[7.705759048461914]
[2.599569320678711]
[109.06451416015625]
[1.6339062452316284]
[0.16112355887889862]
[0.9610457420349121]
[6.929546356201172]
[0.12663498520851135]
[10.558006286621094]
[1.1960371732711792]
[0.08773189783096313]
[15.061565399169922]
[1.409492015838623]
[2.5721163749694824]
[2.7005093097686768]
[1.9947682619094849]
[2.551670551300049]
[2.457751750946045]
[0.42429593205451965]
[0.1690519154071808]
[98.86531066894531]
[0.937681257724762]
[8.73035717010498]
[4.300751209259033]
[1.3956516981124878]
[2.812757968902588]
[1.0147854089736938]
[7.071572303771973]
[5.016904830932617]
[4.0860724449157715]
[4.043371200561523]
[2.074965715408325]
[4.585975646972656]
[8.932287216186523]
[4.126489639282227]
[5.395658016204834]
[0.9617406725883484]
[3.745652198791504]
[3.035181999206543]
[42.201045989990234]
[0.7060922384262085]
[0.2208753228187561]
[0.7194671034812927]
[32.829246520996094]
[3.9848861694335938]
[0.026290390640497208]
[0.9046276807785034]
[30.876632690429688]
[38.354183197021484]
[0.9600414037704468]
[0.8415701985359192]
[3340.44775390625]
[5.603254795074463]
[1.6923991441726685]
[113.57456970214844]
[6.666430473327637]
[5.033178806304932]
[42.0376091003418]
[1.905167579650879]
[0.5382652282714844]
[42.232826232910156]
[7.637966156005859]
[6.667872428894043]
[12.414742469787598]
[8.279329299926758]
[19.366945266723633]
[13.625484466552734]
[271.5543518066406]
[5.302123546600342]
[3.6327579021453857]
[15.275948524475098]
[11.053204536437988]
[24.657794952392578]
[0.9661967754364014]
[5.873617649078369]
[3.405806541442871]
[20.035667419433594]
[7.865237236022949]
[15.563502311706543]
[17.499719619750977]
[1.9781914949417114]
[22.55095863342285]
[77.9093246459961]
[35.645790100097656]
[13.14111042022705]
[21.080795288085938]
[2.3850350379943848]
[4.696776390075684]
[26.991436004638672]
[0.668480396270752]
[2.1379995346069336]
[17.992351531982422]
[0.18013949692249298]
[52.16501998901367]
[2.0575754642486572]
[15.999732971191406]
[87.11676788330078]
[18.025354385375977]
[1.630347490310669]
[3.2979235649108887]
[6.078737258911133]
[67.40604400634766]
[8.345885276794434]
[0.9605119824409485]
[9.138020515441895]
[5.152620315551758]
[17.967226028442383]
[1.0155243873596191]
[1.0562950372695923]
[4.348482131958008]
[19.226425170898438]
[3.741281509399414]
[6.896177768707275]
[13.899559020996094]
[71.58932495117188]
[1.300381064414978]
[3.968924045562744]
[3.3855185508728027]
[0.5677105188369751]
[13.266156196594238]
[0.2748471796512604]
[11.409528732299805]
[11.124207496643066]
[9.871200561523438]
[7.18242073059082]
[0.12812557816505432]
[0.6293683648109436]
[5.450716495513916]
[4.006057262420654]
[1.191082239151001]
[1489.65966796875]
[6.2083420753479]
[8.21965217590332]
[1.6601680517196655]
[0.22584208846092224]
[76.58638763427734]
[9.227877616882324]
[2.4486823081970215]
[393.6509094238281]
[6.142480373382568]
[0.41132813692092896]
[2.264756441116333]
[9.823183059692383]
[8.0953950881958]
[7.915950298309326]
[2.7469515800476074]
[47.99665832519531]
[1509.83544921875]
[4.10039758682251]
[9.790020942687988]
[184.09156799316406]
[11.290682792663574]
[2.2972214221954346]
[6.603908538818359]
[90.0315170288086]
[6.385053634643555]
[4.376381874084473]
[1.1950469017028809]
[0.24940505623817444]
[0.584008514881134]
[188.47152709960938]
[5.093983173370361]
[19.390338897705078]
[5.274172782897949]
[0.930732786655426]
[128.76344299316406]
[2.243776321411133]
[1.777075171470642]
[6.289278507232666]
[6.903375148773193]
[14.00393295288086]
[60.518898010253906]
[2.4988913536071777]
[4.6929779052734375]
[0.2557774782180786]
[4.045194625854492]
[177.75685119628906]
[0.23774868249893188]
[7.519259452819824]
[1.7294394969940186]
[7.212217330932617]
[4.003255367279053]
[2.1332948207855225]
[3.5531375408172607]
[0.2302112579345703]
[4.818199634552002]
[0.5117313265800476]
[64.67462921142578]
[102.46941375732422]
[33.34770584106445]
[4.897484302520752]
[0.8000627756118774]
[11.185757637023926]
[0.8290246725082397]
[1.294010043144226]
[4.719161510467529]
[85.4549331665039]
[3.7743897438049316]
[3.4388513565063477]
[0.6925725340843201]
[127.22586059570312]
[2.464195728302002]
[2.6424505710601807]
[15.047523498535156]
[2.758298873901367]
[0.7620271444320679]
[2.327193260192871]
[0.9734196662902832]
[0.29745903611183167]
[1.868314504623413]
[7.93740701675415]
[11.335382461547852]
[86.78182983398438]
[6.355220794677734]
[2.0463685989379883]
[0.8186917901039124]
[3.567688226699829]
[6.108054161071777]
[2.002960681915283]
[8.558974266052246]
[4.492103576660156]
[3.8964200019836426]
[5.962420463562012]
[10.457233428955078]
[71.89929962158203]
[1630.0435791015625]
[0.7641704082489014]
[12.14836311340332]
[6.662448883056641]
[0.9951434135437012]
[5.5194315910339355]
[2.0183489322662354]
[6.596808910369873]
[7.220474720001221]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.7736895084381104]
[3.7578651905059814]
[10.288692474365234]
[1.8675050735473633]
[70.00923156738281]
[7.782285213470459]
[7.978346347808838]
[4.275566577911377]
[111.20829010009766]
[6.9922685623168945]
[2.238342523574829]
[4.501114368438721]
[7.876331806182861]
[2.797215223312378]
[6.012148380279541]
[1.9596699476242065]
[7.518877983093262]
[4.906234264373779]
[2.185419797897339]
[4.175410270690918]
[5.846367835998535]
[3.330366611480713]
[0.7408179640769958]
[669.8512573242188]
[2.2826969623565674]
[5.718077182769775]
[8.95295238494873]
[7.386237144470215]
[4.628592014312744]
[1.8137598037719727]
[9.807361602783203]
[2.408297061920166]
[1.8983813524246216]
[21.299610137939453]
[0.9730557203292847]
[1.7003388404846191]
[4.419266223907471]
[6.705835342407227]
[3.6024770736694336]
[1.4370678663253784]
[1006.08642578125]
[2.890079975128174]
[1.7377516031265259]
[0.5679189562797546]
[2.9578115940093994]
[3.9577760696411133]
[1.5303934812545776]
[3.7176783084869385]
[1.3787753582000732]
[271.8304443359375]
[4.589755058288574]
[2.3784067630767822]
[0.4286525249481201]
[2.980212926864624]
[8.931299209594727]
[6.231471061706543]
[21.033470153808594]
[2.298949956893921]
[0.745084822177887]
[6.601873397827148]
[13.768163681030273]
[2.505842685699463]
[3.843924045562744]
[5.4685444831848145]
[1821.8570556640625]
[6.391122817993164]
[10.067861557006836]
[1124.301025390625]
[14.358327865600586]
[250.46287536621094]
[2.5855538845062256]
[1.1867570877075195]
[0.2381463199853897]
[4.366101264953613]
[6.440396785736084]
[6.095184326171875]
[36.79670333862305]
[3.5695884227752686]
[7.185230731964111]
[5.041532039642334]
[6.751572132110596]
[0.20206138491630554]
[6.97703742980957]
[4.92415189743042]
[8.307014465332031]
[11.219610214233398]
[6.266867160797119]
[10.366193771362305]
[19.099336624145508]
[3.011460542678833]
[2.154883861541748]
[7.779029369354248]
[17.102046966552734]
[3.596524715423584]
[4.5026044845581055]
[65.33322143554688]
[188.05477905273438]
[20.41730499267578]
[50.41065979003906]
[23.023447036743164]
[2.885354518890381]
[3.1229870319366455]
[8.574520111083984]
[7.745949745178223]
[1.8340641260147095]
[22.9937744140625]
[6.521982192993164]
[1.5457370281219482]
[10.861842155456543]
[5.434278964996338]
[3.1554460525512695]
[3.0822808742523193]
[3.1239428520202637]
[2.089604377746582]
[38.932132720947266]
[0.4728105664253235]
[1.835700511932373]
[1.4686187505722046]
[4.67075252532959]
[2.787977933883667]
[4.134225845336914]
[5.5069708824157715]
[3.7874817848205566]
[0.3003436326980591]
[2.4332003593444824]
[0.29016757011413574]
[3.0385611057281494]
[6.710454940795898]
[16.929481506347656]
[1.9446232318878174]
[3.0891995429992676]
[0.8889192342758179]
[5.338734149932861]
[18.44960594177246]
[1.4661407470703125]
[21.767955780029297]
[1.6096290349960327]
[2.422187089920044]
[4.7262163162231445]
[1.7905751466751099]
[6.307823657989502]
[4.326214790344238]
[88.9341812133789]
[8.682082176208496]
[1.0196149349212646]
[220.91148376464844]
[2.2257487773895264]
[7.701180934906006]
[4.515561103820801]
[1.955176591873169]
[1.3038347959518433]
[2.8243210315704346]
[2.4638419151306152]
[0.6534712314605713]
[1.660556674003601]
[1093.586669921875]
[0.30492350459098816]
[5.509417533874512]
[4.518578052520752]
[2.921971321105957]
[5.086726188659668]
[13.541960716247559]
[142.1568145751953]
[0.7776007652282715]
[2.8301339149475098]
[1.7156518697738647]
[0.5504284501075745]
[1.8498080968856812]
[6.303325176239014]
[0.31599143147468567]
[9.274447441101074]
[2.3308753967285156]
[1.5831907987594604]
[9.531214714050293]
[1.0705665349960327]
[3.1416008472442627]
[62.810638427734375]
[2.5305991172790527]
[6.275062084197998]
[1.4198826551437378]
[14.229076385498047]
[9.458789825439453]
[3.795959711074829]
[6.0004801750183105]
[3.4386065006256104]
[1.772969365119934]
[0.8417609930038452]
[0.28145426511764526]
[1.6327553987503052]
[92.71727752685547]
[2.074100971221924]
[0.5712945461273193]
[2.5581748485565186]
[1.0500247478485107]
[3.662074089050293]
[2.472484827041626]
[23.620498657226562]
[0.48427078127861023]
[5.200247287750244]
[0.6745880246162415]
[0.962363064289093]
[0.9509334564208984]
[5.903496742248535]
[4.99506139755249]
[5.007199764251709]
[1.1885466575622559]
[0.8545312285423279]
[0.26783353090286255]
[7.245639801025391]
[1.4112880229949951]
[2.510570764541626]
[0.9133090972900391]
[0.941648542881012]
[0.7143394351005554]
[5.6194376945495605]
[31.193185806274414]
[10.16058349609375]
[5.198068618774414]
[0.9629852175712585]
[4.808180332183838]
[1.134917140007019]
[2.3481252193450928]
[5.690256118774414]
[6.274074554443359]
[5.251896858215332]
[1.3246817588806152]
[2.196511745452881]
[10.873334884643555]
[5.864975452423096]
[0.8834384679794312]
[8.242900848388672]
[1.7610993385314941]
[145.6260223388672]
[0.5739509463310242]
[7.962094306945801]
[3.230700731277466]
[4.73338508605957]
[93.89146423339844]
[0.5193054676055908]
[0.4549356698989868]
[1.8837950229644775]
[0.9725449085235596]
[1.1594533920288086]
[4.068045139312744]
[1.188900351524353]
[2.6772961616516113]
[1.4652880430221558]
[3.635782241821289]
[0.9129217267036438]
[1.1870230436325073]
[5.383950233459473]
[1.0481986999511719]
[2.4738733768463135]
[993.7633666992188]
[133.70213317871094]
[0.11760163307189941]
[117.435546875]
[2.4223074913024902]
[2.9990148544311523]
[0.9549638628959656]
[114.46794128417969]
[9.89586353302002]
[4.175462245941162]
[93.8875961303711]
[6.1615309715271]
[307.3149108886719]
[0.31252381205558777]
[6.641417026519775]
[15.712305068969727]
[5.48624324798584]
[1.4957951307296753]
[25.683748245239258]
[7.154618740081787]
[1.9726629257202148]
[233.92259216308594]
[7.8523173332214355]
[4.206629753112793]
[0.8202996253967285]
[1.3889875411987305]
[2.4199013710021973]
[68.23516845703125]
[5.7113037109375]
[1.8240660429000854]
[16.533239364624023]
[0.2514987289905548]
[1.6877555847167969]
[15.174663543701172]
[240.83673095703125]
[0.45635199546813965]
[2.7351551055908203]
[1.8273565769195557]
[7.390496253967285]
[8.581421852111816]
[24.667383193969727]
[0.20891918241977692]
[213.7666778564453]
[1.1770380735397339]
[1.5145046710968018]
[0.43743228912353516]
[1.229160189628601]
[0.3937208950519562]
[0.7987622022628784]
[0.23791740834712982]
[3.1560492515563965]
[11.141396522521973]
[1.6457443237304688]
[5.908728122711182]
[0.25589171051979065]
[145.6212921142578]
[9.624213218688965]
[4.066346645355225]
[3.973461627960205]
[2.462735414505005]
[474.1121826171875]
[0.18701887130737305]
[3.798762559890747]
[106.7468490600586]
[3.09901762008667]
[32.94144058227539]
[1.887784719467163]
[3.388512372970581]
[0.8209919929504395]
[8.2765531539917]
[3.881920099258423]
[1.23259699344635]
[311.75848388671875]
[4.1082305908203125]
[0.46051856875419617]
[551.747314453125]
[0.914442241191864]
[1.923719882965088]
[5.944602012634277]
[1.9190223217010498]
[0.9078353643417358]
[1.7322208881378174]
[0.20067110657691956]
[0.8565559983253479]
[3.370089054107666]
[6.085456371307373]
[206.5625762939453]
[4.853468894958496]
[1.4626007080078125]
[2.560624122619629]
[1.4439609050750732]
[16.055830001831055]
[7.380756855010986]
[1.486578345298767]
[3.9350337982177734]
[9.841464042663574]
[2.021298408508301]
[2.175152540206909]
[2.30033016204834]
[12.900717735290527]
[7.456665515899658]
[2.312337875366211]
[2.034769296646118]
[3.270393133163452]
[3.351161003112793]
[0.5047690868377686]
[1.494367241859436]
[8.42282772064209]
[4.170985221862793]
[104.35382843017578]
[0.9106392860412598]
[1.7938607931137085]
[1.2346763610839844]
[0.9149916768074036]
[5.47407341003418]
[1.410762906074524]
[1.4673473834991455]
[4.8303327560424805]
[82.79891967773438]
[1.7965294122695923]
[122.44964599609375]
[4.736588478088379]
[2.1840293407440186]
[0.7167968153953552]
[6.381552219390869]
[89.5638656616211]
[0.22388403117656708]
[0.6311703324317932]
[2.375839948654175]
[2.442826271057129]
[3.2401955127716064]
[2.8924050331115723]
[1.165573000907898]
[0.559533953666687]
[3.7055017948150635]
[2.8642184734344482]
[2.444566249847412]
[197.23277282714844]
[0.1900315135717392]
[1.872493863105774]
[122.22038269042969]
[59.755149841308594]
[1.8961008787155151]
[0.2537890076637268]
[5.281163215637207]
[0.5077773332595825]
[13.858585357666016]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.817233085632324]
[2.4221103191375732]
[1.1262325048446655]
[47.5460319519043]
[7.384169101715088]
[176.0591583251953]
[2.7169857025146484]
[1.6411861181259155]
[10.636574745178223]
[93.72335052490234]
[1.5578432083129883]
[121.31141662597656]
[4.40329122543335]
[58.8680534362793]
[5.8935160636901855]
[55.35600280761719]
[0.37814784049987793]
[2.263986825942993]
[1.899427056312561]
[0.2844788730144501]
[2.967545747756958]
[2.6459953784942627]
[6.330691337585449]
[3.1927170753479004]
[6.570801258087158]
[17.51153564453125]
[0.5082496404647827]
[1.061352252960205]
[1.5948693752288818]
[122.19206237792969]
[40.183135986328125]
[108.2888412475586]
[68.8384017944336]
[0.19185543060302734]
[0.9989182353019714]
[6.895563125610352]
[7.580918788909912]
[3.534217596054077]
[0.1057211384177208]
[3.486098289489746]
[3.3028430938720703]
[120.5898666381836]
[5.655538558959961]
[1.542030930519104]
[1.5950649976730347]
[5.4839768409729]
[11.213796615600586]
[8.158193588256836]
[8.074258804321289]
[5.581232070922852]
[1.621679663658142]
[4.9857964515686035]
[2.327425241470337]
[3.284473180770874]
[122.09532928466797]
[14.951391220092773]
[4.427485466003418]
[19.172258377075195]
[0.45766976475715637]
[52.840694427490234]
[2.4566872119903564]
[1.0145007371902466]
[0.9211556911468506]
[2.474628210067749]
[1.3273959159851074]
[2.630007743835449]
[8.362858772277832]
[458.4414978027344]
[4.128180027008057]
[0.5479070544242859]
[145.63731384277344]
[7.277696132659912]
[2.132866859436035]
[1.5426738262176514]
[18.476966857910156]
[14.188916206359863]
[35.60294723510742]
[2.9185373783111572]
[752.5808715820312]
[2.5213782787323]
[13.404436111450195]
[1.8484174013137817]
[0.5624771118164062]
[5.4444804191589355]
[6.152039051055908]
[0.8033431768417358]
[9.05248737335205]
[10.475247383117676]
[0.9254370927810669]
[4.734394550323486]
[536.9342041015625]
[11.166589736938477]
[1.3687560558319092]
[2.798213243484497]
[14.279029846191406]
[0.4958190619945526]
[13.5760498046875]
[2.106189489364624]
[2.5011236667633057]
[14.871440887451172]
[1.6983256340026855]
[0.2535663843154907]
[1.6159635782241821]
[4.927245616912842]
[5.171267509460449]
[2.3804547786712646]
[3.7800960540771484]
[0.6360453963279724]
[11.569945335388184]
[3.9442412853240967]
[5.455273628234863]
[5.544448375701904]
[78.70443725585938]
[139.97488403320312]
[1.2528493404388428]
[1.9340522289276123]
[17.28893280029297]
[1.5965430736541748]
[1.4840272665023804]
[5.131484508514404]
[4.630626678466797]
[1.4131567478179932]
[1.086898684501648]
[9.539008140563965]
[4.235694885253906]
[9.025493621826172]
[1.6460109949111938]
[5.3818583488464355]
[0.8189792037010193]
[82.2271957397461]
[1.0873067378997803]
[3.031050205230713]
[1.0726698637008667]
[0.29394304752349854]
[4.296490669250488]
[0.30166706442832947]
[2.399829149246216]
[1.2066670656204224]
[1.3750724792480469]
[3.152148485183716]
[2.754672050476074]
[2.7921640872955322]
[905.6168212890625]
[67.63630676269531]
[1.5753300189971924]
[0.8092260956764221]
[1.2213454246520996]
[0.30798372626304626]
[2.039522886276245]
[74.65184783935547]
[66.41035461425781]
[1.1323893070220947]
[7.359913349151611]
[1.3324873447418213]
[3.21096134185791]
[42.751365661621094]
[2.2095680236816406]
[56.3670654296875]
[5.726346492767334]
[10.846430778503418]
[210.8632049560547]
[3.849216938018799]
[2.4959685802459717]
[4.5202412605285645]
[1.8981232643127441]
[1.964479684829712]
[2.1981234550476074]
[18.27064323425293]
[1.3538353443145752]
[1.8149813413619995]
[3.5794527530670166]
[55.031864166259766]
[4.921098709106445]
[5.083903789520264]
[11.429723739624023]
[2.0928497314453125]
[2.6925418376922607]
[0.27214083075523376]
[4.098296165466309]
[75.18338775634766]
[1.844856858253479]
[157.55758666992188]
[1.8552333116531372]
[8.10993766784668]
[1.2505578994750977]
[3.7127933502197266]
[1.1977452039718628]
[0.6940239071846008]
[9.014288902282715]
[2.6062276363372803]
[1.3628661632537842]
[53.00986862182617]
[2.6717705726623535]
[2.520045042037964]
[4.569781303405762]
[6.342615127563477]
[2.1723744869232178]
[66.44441986083984]
[7.800541400909424]
[1.046952724456787]
[3.808222770690918]
[0.19739565253257751]
[1.4033496379852295]
[2.4128315448760986]
[1.1891745328903198]
[6.1041669845581055]
[0.24827876687049866]
[23.722475051879883]
[0.5775351524353027]
[159.18324279785156]
[2.861372470855713]
[46.72370529174805]
[4.21267032623291]
[2.3003089427948]
[3.0666961669921875]
[0.7317038178443909]
[2.719336748123169]
[0.7054952383041382]
[7.488239288330078]
[7.1417951583862305]
[4.894528388977051]
[1.0428977012634277]
[1.1892634630203247]
[1.5801352262496948]
[0.3507586419582367]
[5.531322002410889]
[63.3625373840332]
[75.85826110839844]
[0.6857649087905884]
[0.23547302186489105]
[1.8886311054229736]
[2.6637511253356934]
[0.07919760048389435]
[0.7802630066871643]
[2.562567710876465]
[17.80132293701172]
[1.586166262626648]
[0.7270515561103821]
[3.2060117721557617]
[1.0488015413284302]
[1.1777023077011108]
[4.471164226531982]
[4.819247245788574]
[3.360112190246582]
[98.2472152709961]
[4.610954284667969]
[2.905862808227539]
[1.7559688091278076]
[0.2649000287055969]
[202.96737670898438]
[5.385862350463867]
[53.55986785888672]
[3.743227243423462]
[0.25855863094329834]
[0.26349565386772156]
[6.705977916717529]
[5.920974254608154]
[0.7883423566818237]
[1.7019423246383667]
[3.578810214996338]
[124.07136535644531]
[0.7489996552467346]
[6.710012435913086]
[0.5877274870872498]
[26.229291915893555]
[0.7334043383598328]
[4.458405017852783]
[4.931513786315918]
[3.5015323162078857]
[1.006088137626648]
[1.1022059917449951]
[1.1591495275497437]
[6.109237194061279]
[0.6913102865219116]
[4.443338394165039]
[1.8031821250915527]
[0.7476907968521118]
[0.8384079933166504]
[195.85910034179688]
[3.678537368774414]
[0.6614922881126404]
[5.249226093292236]
[2.7873096466064453]
[0.216032937169075]
[1.0213016271591187]
[1.8689210414886475]
[2.023451805114746]
[2.717514753341675]
[3.097031831741333]
[1.0594203472137451]
[5.2183146476745605]
[7.388552665710449]
[3.0164639949798584]
[2.221607208251953]
[3.009256601333618]
[1.9765124320983887]
[13.26161003112793]
[1.9217413663864136]
[1.4980685710906982]
[3.2949445247650146]
[3.2819418907165527]
[21.006723403930664]
[2.6270432472229004]
[5.098386287689209]
[1.071606159210205]
[54.68596267700195]
[1.2922008037567139]
[0.06623391062021255]
[1.2076724767684937]
[1.0679054260253906]
[2.958963632583618]
[0.03186097741127014]
[1.8206857442855835]
[1.2158416509628296]
[1.3572299480438232]
[0.5785648226737976]
[2.287036895751953]
[1.809794306755066]
[3.4115471839904785]
[1.0979182720184326]
[0.20249804854393005]
[2.0785605907440186]
[1.1734857559204102]
[0.6050064563751221]
[5.874350070953369]
[0.4690599739551544]
[18.7559871673584]
[3.3452951908111572]
[3.8511769771575928]
[0.25652918219566345]
[0.34413760900497437]
[9.366964340209961]
[55.50619125366211]
[2.2227120399475098]
[0.8787010312080383]
[1.1983015537261963]
[4.3323445320129395]
[2.4080967903137207]
[63.88373565673828]
[0.23132890462875366]
[1.2234907150268555]
[0.432160347700119]
[0.844489574432373]
[0.40517479181289673]
[1.1751887798309326]
[2.013129949569702]
[439.63116455078125]
[1.1916934251785278]
[5.547040939331055]
[0.6779136657714844]
[3.1224050521850586]
[2.2644362449645996]
[0.6376153230667114]
[2.0214643478393555]
[1.0469908714294434]
[131.15480041503906]
[1.5828819274902344]
[1.6023598909378052]
[3.4578914642333984]
[2.812899112701416]
[11.243111610412598]
[1.0899367332458496]
[1.907448172569275]
[0.2734628915786743]
[1.0488826036453247]
[105.90240478515625]
[0.9147720336914062]
[4.972583293914795]
[0.39158713817596436]
[0.6429509520530701]
[0.5994830131530762]
[263.8341064453125]
[0.5057066082954407]
[0.18983854353427887]
[4.944467067718506]
[1.3498399257659912]
[117.16179656982422]
[0.7401102185249329]
[4.075666904449463]
[1.2035354375839233]
[5.680148124694824]
[132.09786987304688]
[3.063366651535034]
[7.5482964515686035]
[1.7756297588348389]
[1.2691034078598022]
[0.8893083930015564]
[1.820288896560669]
[2.8043363094329834]
[2.804760456085205]
[0.7430780529975891]
[0.8743144273757935]
[143.2152099609375]
[1.2628834247589111]
[1.59201979637146]
[5.2515950202941895]
[97.27417755126953]
[1.2132271528244019]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2720.37158203125]
[4.3053364753723145]
[2.0130982398986816]
[4.207530975341797]
[73.21513366699219]
[4.705221176147461]
[105.1790542602539]
[8.989599227905273]
[5.7510504722595215]
[7.622535228729248]
[125.119384765625]
[11.153712272644043]
[14.731728553771973]
[11.669607162475586]
[0.2609320878982544]
[4.161635398864746]
[9.769268035888672]
[169.10513305664062]
[11.412156105041504]
[13.053393363952637]
[11.637280464172363]
[3.933062791824341]
[3.009028434753418]
[62.276329040527344]
[14.144854545593262]
[14.274898529052734]
[0.3342632055282593]
[0.7330468893051147]
[41.354888916015625]
[96.92501068115234]
[6.425090789794922]
[2.275881767272949]
[2.3928768634796143]
[0.6098154783248901]
[9.212477684020996]
[1.413938283920288]
[32.672706604003906]
[15.342120170593262]
[10.205429077148438]
[8.478350639343262]
[1.2461845874786377]
[12.620431900024414]
[3.2512600421905518]
[7.431570053100586]
[26.851158142089844]
[14.883708953857422]
[8.625865936279297]
[10.889678955078125]
[11.961435317993164]
[11.622026443481445]
[10.526556015014648]
[5.891228199005127]
[0.9409361481666565]
[8.433349609375]
[6.346233367919922]
[1.4746099710464478]
[0.14339101314544678]
[20.32197380065918]
[13.540578842163086]
[1.6877641677856445]
[11.372138977050781]
[18.2480525970459]
[9.986065864562988]
[0.8616178631782532]
[1.363431453704834]
[0.40732038021087646]
[83.93685913085938]
[2.5118181705474854]
[22.48532485961914]
[0.7369346022605896]
[6.000732421875]
[1.3720418214797974]
[9.970863342285156]
[16.26982879638672]
[4.982011318206787]
[49.09141540527344]
[2.885072708129883]
[1.3938798904418945]
[3.5791215896606445]
[3.8196399211883545]
[11.209539413452148]
[2.7954225540161133]
[5.433045864105225]
[17.47173309326172]
[7.764833450317383]
[3.5647292137145996]
[8.352509498596191]
[3.2279434204101562]
[0.8532403707504272]
[0.35856547951698303]
[5.126187801361084]
[0.5349456667900085]
[1.0973191261291504]
[0.7601630687713623]
[7.436798572540283]
[0.3329012393951416]
[0.5663279891014099]
[100.31165313720703]
[8.412130355834961]
[72.8345718383789]
[0.3923264741897583]
[0.6878194212913513]
[0.37124311923980713]
[2.256990909576416]
[14.864679336547852]
[0.11092428117990494]
[2.741727828979492]
[7.639651298522949]
[3.046205759048462]
[0.7538732290267944]
[0.5451407432556152]
[5.452637195587158]
[10.589027404785156]
[0.5900014638900757]
[5.556455612182617]
[0.7199262380599976]
[0.9078550934791565]
[3.383425712585449]
[2.393137216567993]
[4.023321151733398]
[130.70074462890625]
[0.3675220012664795]
[2.4417946338653564]
[1.4200658798217773]
[0.6263131499290466]
[0.5092252492904663]
[1.479071855545044]
[0.5188739895820618]
[55.9619140625]
[2.970255136489868]
[0.8207643628120422]
[0.49436596035957336]
[33.409156799316406]
[4.26824951171875]
[2.2597079277038574]
[148.6313018798828]
[2.117791175842285]
[2.7357289791107178]
[10.379054069519043]
[64.11066436767578]
[0.34201517701148987]
[0.8372642993927002]
[8.038137435913086]
[43.1365852355957]
[0.3968042731285095]
[3.8160829544067383]
[1.786837100982666]
[0.3200106918811798]
[6.5057573318481445]
[1.9313349723815918]
[28.916128158569336]
[0.30615106225013733]
[1.4493746757507324]
[7.5252366065979]
[4.62971305847168]
[0.8410341143608093]
[52.474945068359375]
[16.809717178344727]
[0.3176475465297699]
[0.18849286437034607]
[3.0722055435180664]
[4.454468250274658]
[14.170166969299316]
[7.283778667449951]
[21.261552810668945]
[13.338047981262207]
[3.415076971054077]
[9.73906135559082]
[1.1927145719528198]
[247.23739624023438]
[5.481855392456055]
[5.005573272705078]
[5.127374649047852]
[3.2825515270233154]
[9.525835990905762]
[874.5519409179688]
[14.339162826538086]
[0.3167162835597992]
[0.9155573844909668]
[7.90366268157959]
[1.9391472339630127]
[4.544059753417969]
[55.651580810546875]
[6.852179050445557]
[0.5316730737686157]
[2.555270195007324]
[0.6349207162857056]
[2.5667223930358887]
[1.489253282546997]
[119.40113067626953]
[0.39172399044036865]
[30.57638931274414]
[0.3015044927597046]
[3.4741272926330566]
[1.2665529251098633]
[0.5033014416694641]
[22.028390884399414]
[0.7438597083091736]
[17.85505485534668]
[7.698200702667236]
[0.8269814252853394]
[7.08841609954834]
[4.276764869689941]
[1.3284285068511963]
[2.522749900817871]
[5.485473155975342]
[13.980589866638184]
[71.4220962524414]
[4.460413932800293]
[0.6864596009254456]
[0.5129396319389343]
[3.02128529548645]
[0.647511899471283]
[1.9750471115112305]
[5.854372501373291]
[0.9005542993545532]
[7.233964920043945]
[4.991119861602783]
[0.41998618841171265]
[2.0777838230133057]
[0.24758481979370117]
[4.557827949523926]
[1.0470865964889526]
[5.728297710418701]
[97.2856674194336]
[2.8289270401000977]
[0.34130969643592834]
[91.65725708007812]
[0.5849704146385193]
[0.5162218809127808]
[23.119428634643555]
[5.401410102844238]
[4.566915512084961]
[194.8212432861328]
[15.150367736816406]
[1.9917470216751099]
[0.3438616991043091]
[70.94044494628906]
[8.440385818481445]
[0.31578609347343445]
[4.378967761993408]
[0.17942321300506592]
[12.6536226272583]
[5.312772750854492]
[0.7103704810142517]
[0.6380420327186584]
[2.4342660903930664]
[0.5018326640129089]
[0.22368651628494263]
[6.352809429168701]
[0.21986894309520721]
[0.22699111700057983]
[1.1546567678451538]
[0.3276326358318329]
[4.948406219482422]
[32.78129959106445]
[2.177910327911377]
[9.005875587463379]
[1.778696894645691]
[0.10827377438545227]
[4.411315441131592]
[4.075558185577393]
[131.42236328125]
[2.615277051925659]
[5.74748420715332]
[2.569084405899048]
[3.5088486671447754]
[0.8454399704933167]
[0.4198525547981262]
[2.934344530105591]
[0.13161231577396393]
[0.6155979633331299]
[3.2442827224731445]
[0.3293638527393341]
[0.41291430592536926]
[1.043139934539795]
[0.7404806613922119]
[4.798481464385986]
[0.43346476554870605]
[0.6810343265533447]
[2.835444688796997]
[1.0199486017227173]
[2.2176527976989746]
[1.3395209312438965]
[0.6403139233589172]
[7.776013374328613]
[3.0936243534088135]
[0.9011619687080383]
[1.807584524154663]
[2.645162343978882]
[3.0250887870788574]
[2.9459848403930664]
[1.643794298171997]
[69.15364074707031]
[5.04501485824585]
[4.426553249359131]
[6.451725959777832]
[2.0229835510253906]
[1134.37646484375]
[88.59368133544922]
[0.3071015477180481]
[6.675123691558838]
[112.38158416748047]
[11.271383285522461]
[2.7748289108276367]
[0.4996227025985718]
[69.46429443359375]
[0.320939302444458]
[1.707634449005127]
[0.5694191455841064]
[1.8543570041656494]
[10.671923637390137]
[18.17674446105957]
[1.6899428367614746]
[0.29932868480682373]
[9.443671226501465]
[0.49729132652282715]
[0.3388785123825073]
[4.980353832244873]
[0.617078423500061]
[0.7311093211174011]
[7.968006610870361]
[13.251084327697754]
[4.462062835693359]
[0.13897079229354858]
[1.4544607400894165]
[8.748250961303711]
[6.3833513259887695]
[1.4676759243011475]
[6.595782279968262]
[218.37596130371094]
[2.259423017501831]
[0.7101343274116516]
[17.60875129699707]
[1.3471680879592896]
[3.190483808517456]
[0.3390969932079315]
[0.6354822516441345]
[0.44026413559913635]
[1.5180913209915161]
[0.6283004283905029]
[0.44796743988990784]
[0.3077588677406311]
[63.371280670166016]
[33.757850646972656]
[11.060032844543457]
[2.8034186363220215]
[12.699793815612793]
[7.448497295379639]
[0.43828365206718445]
[10.59616470336914]
[34.926963806152344]
[1.014491319656372]
[2.300424575805664]
[0.2797764539718628]
[0.29092225432395935]
[1.3804447650909424]
[2.2468433380126953]
[1.9970922470092773]
[3.228957176208496]
[0.7131774425506592]
[4.593112945556641]
[4.843848705291748]
[5.737433910369873]
[0.46995532512664795]
[7.031795024871826]
[2.289781093597412]
[2.9962618350982666]
[73.2358169555664]
[0.2720649540424347]
[4.751166820526123]
[3.974444627761841]
[0.8440114855766296]
[13.241216659545898]
[0.6216335892677307]
[0.41523587703704834]
[1.5952439308166504]
[2.8088767528533936]
[52.52711868286133]
[5.981792449951172]
[2.302618980407715]
[7.255855560302734]
[0.6353407502174377]
[1.1400172710418701]
[0.47254809737205505]
[5.110079765319824]
[1.8875752687454224]
[0.4038926959037781]
[0.6890078186988831]
[0.4939958155155182]
[0.9654840230941772]
[0.7891317009925842]
[0.5597202777862549]
[0.8092831969261169]
[1.52251398563385]
[1.1736713647842407]
[1.1542314291000366]
[4.044156551361084]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[134.78717041015625]
[19.22846221923828]
[0.2748405933380127]
[2.6327013969421387]
[2.3558261394500732]
[1.0964038372039795]
[0.5624699592590332]
[0.7416038513183594]
[2.0823750495910645]
[9.984539985656738]
[0.3725084066390991]
[6.929958343505859]
[0.4925488531589508]
[2.234712600708008]
[3.3099308013916016]
[0.7799813151359558]
[0.35608893632888794]
[0.4721912145614624]
[22.992633819580078]
[0.3812252879142761]
[4.2800612449646]
[0.8976516127586365]
[217.7485809326172]
[156.84579467773438]
[0.9695445895195007]
[3769.998779296875]
[0.6238173842430115]
[1.9764373302459717]
[9.376982688903809]
[10.983311653137207]
[3.5421087741851807]
[8.976469993591309]
[14.976092338562012]
[1.7795490026474]
[19.20230484008789]
[1.2627469301223755]
[25.42984390258789]
[3.4756689071655273]
[13.048905372619629]
[25.75762939453125]
[13.880132675170898]
[92.2735824584961]
[4.656736373901367]
[36.68242645263672]
[7.111840724945068]
[37.28256607055664]
[78.37852478027344]
[7.034336566925049]
[29.471935272216797]
[5.0826873779296875]
[2.0258898735046387]
[40.09779357910156]
[4.251430511474609]
[18.808250427246094]
[3.7058730125427246]
[25.158010482788086]
[32.60798263549805]
[6.340514659881592]
[21.56035804748535]
[8.249852180480957]
[8.991328239440918]
[0.4226462244987488]
[1.051153302192688]
[15.157806396484375]
[12.237665176391602]
[12.55784797668457]
[5.437083721160889]
[8.419318199157715]
[10.321208953857422]
[15.122920036315918]
[10.721138000488281]
[6.457640171051025]
[3.761666774749756]
[5.307123184204102]
[6.16684627532959]
[0.3829391598701477]
[4.520107269287109]
[2.5155272483825684]
[3.1578917503356934]
[24.255399703979492]
[3.9335641860961914]
[1.7866023778915405]
[8.241031646728516]
[7.023863315582275]
[2.995088815689087]
[11.013012886047363]
[124.48011779785156]
[16.356060028076172]
[331.9517517089844]
[17.07575225830078]
[19.763341903686523]
[96.27874755859375]
[24.696367263793945]
[8.457503318786621]
[12.519445419311523]
[97.11321258544922]
[14.359116554260254]
[1.2608633041381836]
[0.8883535265922546]
[2.5386123657226562]
[98.228271484375]
[19.630069732666016]
[2.8770806789398193]
[127.2014389038086]
[1.2945626974105835]
[2.3253672122955322]
[18.959552764892578]
[4.316384315490723]
[1.772788405418396]
[6.200705528259277]
[10.414362907409668]
[7.226750373840332]
[20.80923843383789]
[1.9792193174362183]
[4.6626362800598145]
[8.34804916381836]
[84.93438720703125]
[14.118890762329102]
[5.334728240966797]
[225.96621704101562]
[11.463343620300293]
[0.3282928466796875]
[11.655208587646484]
[5.431521415710449]
[3.5733492374420166]
[21.830467224121094]
[9.161822319030762]
[11.162500381469727]
[2.711820125579834]
[4.10911750793457]
[5.558752536773682]
[14.474897384643555]
[2.078282117843628]
[0.8542916178703308]
[4.482308864593506]
[79.01803588867188]
[3.2761056423187256]
[2.3641045093536377]
[13.041849136352539]
[7.596742630004883]
[3.138230085372925]
[12.560565948486328]
[1.5758994817733765]
[7.835015773773193]
[2.599780797958374]
[5.354742050170898]
[7.850984573364258]
[1.6693692207336426]
[3.643418312072754]
[15.455522537231445]
[3.8979501724243164]
[1.7085049152374268]
[4.375741958618164]
[4.182377815246582]
[4.599576950073242]
[2.798215389251709]
[2.0073280334472656]
[5.357563018798828]
[2.575887441635132]
[4.607070446014404]
[580.1989135742188]
[2.5816843509674072]
[0.5572195649147034]
[75.32493591308594]
[24.127887725830078]
[1.6880362033843994]
[0.3852720260620117]
[4.085788726806641]
[1.8749080896377563]
[7.629110336303711]
[8.890410423278809]
[13.077203750610352]
[2.2424957752227783]
[1.421980381011963]
[0.3216148018836975]
[10.593088150024414]
[1.0392956733703613]
[3.706874370574951]
[8.737054824829102]
[2.9584124088287354]
[1.6704388856887817]
[0.2712455689907074]
[0.27717700600624084]
[19.813819885253906]
[1.073797345161438]
[61.393070220947266]
[1.018576741218567]
[4.943362236022949]
[3.5605742931365967]
[14.495757102966309]
[125.84355163574219]
[0.43720725178718567]
[6.541560649871826]
[12.942037582397461]
[4.530356407165527]
[0.7819145917892456]
[3.2490692138671875]
[1.1633692979812622]
[4.351164817810059]
[1.6355655193328857]
[8.953496932983398]
[3.8640332221984863]
[1.1607770919799805]
[0.5690630078315735]
[3.1048147678375244]
[67.6274642944336]
[0.9817344546318054]
[0.6830421686172485]
[1.5917587280273438]
[3.6710169315338135]
[6.840229034423828]
[0.9306958913803101]
[0.3013390898704529]
[1.261408805847168]
[6.275056838989258]
[3.127629280090332]
[4.347465991973877]
[5.146389961242676]
[0.3165632486343384]
[0.7331872582435608]
[13.149374961853027]
[2.1909449100494385]
[0.3945760428905487]
[452.92633056640625]
[0.49846068024635315]
[0.5283553004264832]
[0.6107160449028015]
[0.5827121734619141]
[1.0434805154800415]
[8.654097557067871]
[3.4723315238952637]
[0.5870048999786377]
[1.2722725868225098]
[2.0364606380462646]
[1.9246920347213745]
[1.3508062362670898]
[2.7958414554595947]
[0.4999656677246094]
[12.655765533447266]
[2.003113031387329]
[0.34483829140663147]
[4.365837574005127]
[2.200777530670166]
[4.371255874633789]
[0.9836505055427551]
[4.455850124359131]
[2.3337981700897217]
[8.498696327209473]
[3.272618055343628]
[3.596205711364746]
[0.34216412901878357]
[1.9130489826202393]
[8.87174129486084]
[2.7933826446533203]
[1.7096678018569946]
[8.954793930053711]
[1.6590933799743652]
[0.827725350856781]
[0.6640993356704712]
[1.410068154335022]
[8.331501960754395]
[1.3299041986465454]
[0.7179421782493591]
[0.37072697281837463]
[1.6972498893737793]
[0.05958692729473114]
[0.4855501055717468]
[2.5529825687408447]
[0.42474061250686646]
[1.1837013959884644]
[266.7885437011719]
[67.43671417236328]
[80.5036849975586]
[1.166245937347412]
[0.3681723475456238]
[926.6325073242188]
[1.7944978475570679]
[2.0824880599975586]
[7.571403980255127]
[3.7625885009765625]
[3.5785138607025146]
[6.754194736480713]
[3.5849478244781494]
[5.928421497344971]
[5.694350719451904]
[2.5510501861572266]
[20.525524139404297]
[154.68057250976562]
[4.289247989654541]
[21.663278579711914]
[6.123202323913574]
[47.34136199951172]
[3.5227904319763184]
[22.235515594482422]
[2.727480173110962]
[0.9633432030677795]
[9.422746658325195]
[11.142343521118164]
[11.188765525817871]
[2.2061386108398438]
[151.96556091308594]
[28.838621139526367]
[16.419628143310547]
[16.90120506286621]
[15.140207290649414]
[15.037059783935547]
[2.607820987701416]
[2.5076634883880615]
[1.8487602472305298]
[24.890541076660156]
[12.350177764892578]
[37.494815826416016]
[16.697938919067383]
[7.319291591644287]
[358.25909423828125]
[4.525113105773926]
[2.393019914627075]
[1.1978764533996582]
[2.275914192199707]
[6.327315807342529]
[3.0780344009399414]
[8.492430686950684]
[1.5927695035934448]
[1.7361903190612793]
[114.28007507324219]
[2.1041977405548096]
[2.0753581523895264]
[2.7513654232025146]
[2.0867652893066406]
[4.571333408355713]
[1.5041706562042236]
[2.57646107673645]
[12.541727066040039]
[192.21514892578125]
[31.796072006225586]
[127.6491928100586]
[2.549367666244507]
[10.376492500305176]
[4.390595436096191]
[1.2515705823898315]
[0.33760303258895874]
[20.713621139526367]
[0.8665540814399719]
[48.318809509277344]
[4.783867359161377]
[0.7199365496635437]
[22.186767578125]
[0.5945131182670593]
[3.341947555541992]
[1.3834079504013062]
[4.201930046081543]
[12.110135078430176]
[0.35659584403038025]
[1.742903470993042]
[15.313338279724121]
[1.2744477987289429]
[18.645544052124023]
[2.034569501876831]
[1.0058079957962036]
[0.21854624152183533]
[1.3458346128463745]
[11.599143028259277]
[268.5356140136719]
[594.272705078125]
[2.4505927562713623]
[0.3913235068321228]
[0.36852577328681946]
[2.1520628929138184]
[0.4949072003364563]
[0.3944428265094757]
[4.511513710021973]
[4.126355171203613]
[1.1487497091293335]
[1.110797643661499]
[51.56166458129883]
[10.503828048706055]
[74.28291320800781]
[1.2690014839172363]
[2.1937456130981445]
[0.9440010190010071]
[14.864157676696777]
[34.66630172729492]
[2.9095206260681152]
[0.5333849787712097]
[3.441598415374756]
[2.376333236694336]
[4.816709041595459]
[4.704723834991455]
[2.561541795730591]
[0.4824714660644531]
[18.587411880493164]
[1.2702122926712036]
[4.446619033813477]
[0.6916879415512085]
[10.433262825012207]
[106.59883117675781]
[3.4428675174713135]
[0.6805083751678467]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.594306707382202]
[11.561382293701172]
[0.5968294143676758]
[0.19913846254348755]
[0.3119867444038391]
[0.49088406562805176]
[6.462586879730225]
[0.9236030578613281]
[0.37391525506973267]
[10.59547233581543]
[3.3116495609283447]
[0.34106171131134033]
[2.5935094356536865]
[2.9334065914154053]
[3.542062997817993]
[232.48583984375]
[5.982202529907227]
[3.559570074081421]
[0.6651837229728699]
[6.9789347648620605]
[0.43748584389686584]
[0.052077606320381165]
[0.9096723794937134]
[4.872888088226318]
[169.24392700195312]
[7.484247207641602]
[0.2774757444858551]
[0.5989683866500854]
[1.5732216835021973]
[118.87928771972656]
[11.734432220458984]
[2.0675292015075684]
[5.254176139831543]
[6.796432971954346]
[21.380537033081055]
[6.212480068206787]
[0.3802627623081207]
[1.9240820407867432]
[1.5338990688323975]
[1.7162684202194214]
[1.6821777820587158]
[0.35506755113601685]
[1.4931535720825195]
[0.2919169068336487]
[3.2463531494140625]
[3.0414810180664062]
[0.5268805027008057]
[0.5642704963684082]
[16.6700496673584]
[0.3259570300579071]
[2.0527727603912354]
[2.9633724689483643]
[0.45199859142303467]
[0.26019513607025146]
[907.0370483398438]
[0.7849639654159546]
[2.1429107189178467]
[2.727437973022461]
[6.386117458343506]
[1.463548183441162]
[2.037496566772461]
[1.1205624341964722]
[21.634580612182617]
[3.173964738845825]
[0.558860182762146]
[0.0908842533826828]
[15.835387229919434]
[1.2773054838180542]
[3.173171281814575]
[3.053528070449829]
[3.4395036697387695]
[8.548099517822266]
[5.213169574737549]
[562.31005859375]
[1.2609859704971313]
[1.3747873306274414]
[4.566616058349609]
[5.1438212394714355]
[0.17708757519721985]
[1.300296664237976]
[6.57147216796875]
[2.261439085006714]
[1.0561028718948364]
[2.2240891456604004]
[0.12610399723052979]
[5.8541340827941895]
[1.4696018695831299]
[45.509544372558594]
[2.3904407024383545]
[43.91217803955078]
[1.0296740531921387]
[2.690112352371216]
[2.663356065750122]
[2.1425886154174805]
[8.103401184082031]
[3.28775691986084]
[72.5806884765625]
[3.1674273014068604]
[10.321737289428711]
[2.947716474533081]
[1.9969651699066162]
[11.457330703735352]
[1.6218466758728027]
[1.5391974449157715]
[2.3770406246185303]
[0.24012020230293274]
[1.2784274816513062]
[5.494341850280762]
[72.0243148803711]
[0.9437918066978455]
[2.005925178527832]
[0.37173908948898315]
[0.865451991558075]
[0.5166760087013245]
[2.107107639312744]
[1.1599334478378296]
[0.7274223566055298]
[2.9873552322387695]
[4.570221424102783]
[0.6133701205253601]
[2.9585766792297363]
[1.7622520923614502]
[3.6842894554138184]
[4.749693870544434]
[3.565788984298706]
[10.169273376464844]
[0.9056657552719116]
[3.322385549545288]
[5.473245620727539]
[13.083146095275879]
[2.0292599201202393]
[1.8221931457519531]
[1.5208624601364136]
[3.934872627258301]
[5.245269298553467]
[0.5855388641357422]
[0.5905195474624634]
[2.439363479614258]
[20.635791778564453]
[1.3768597841262817]
[0.47681060433387756]
[1.4662915468215942]
[3.522914409637451]
[0.7224974632263184]
[0.906634509563446]
[3.687378168106079]
[0.34643131494522095]
[2.585761308670044]
[4.07673454284668]
[4.626468658447266]
[3.9967293739318848]
[28.04526138305664]
[0.17806386947631836]
[225.3395538330078]
[3.2065651416778564]
[0.36972150206565857]
[0.4992884397506714]
[0.3459314703941345]
[1.3913040161132812]
[0.25561457872390747]
[0.40443843603134155]
[0.4703879654407501]
[1.888053297996521]
[0.883841872215271]
[1.4103275537490845]
[183.57656860351562]
[1.516413927078247]
[414.1363525390625]
[1.7432861328125]
[2.5962064266204834]
[2.8652987480163574]
[0.3899306058883667]
[1.0946235656738281]
[3.0346362590789795]
[0.2930954098701477]
[0.2627970576286316]
[0.8472578525543213]
[0.7877853512763977]
[3.2450859546661377]
[2.891044855117798]
[5.846096038818359]
[0.773435115814209]
[0.9364044666290283]
[1.1075783967971802]
[4.416595458984375]
[1.3548715114593506]
[59.12775802612305]
[0.4790817201137543]
[3.392590045928955]
[0.3578161597251892]
[0.4963309168815613]
[1.9496809244155884]
[100.7217025756836]
[2.1744093894958496]
[4.105716705322266]
[1.0922547578811646]
[202.8390655517578]
[1.8188574314117432]
[1.1674479246139526]
[1.9301466941833496]
[3.0449166297912598]
[0.6764381527900696]
[1.6486701965332031]
[1.697080373764038]
[179.36244201660156]
[0.7173348069190979]
[0.8916655778884888]
[0.1709745079278946]
[0.45064276456832886]
[0.6686019897460938]
[2.2361457347869873]
[5.390880584716797]
[127.730224609375]
[47.091644287109375]
[3.3428664207458496]
[0.6652443408966064]
[3.165724277496338]
[0.5369055867195129]
[0.9418288469314575]
[0.3293819725513458]
[1.065232276916504]
[1.3767523765563965]
[0.8664330244064331]
[88.15644836425781]
[3.6907131671905518]
[7.374688625335693]
[6.989248752593994]
[0.7968456745147705]
[7.6213154792785645]
[3.105273485183716]
[0.630809485912323]
[0.4328656792640686]
[0.5161027312278748]
[1.3185968399047852]
[1.8059108257293701]
[0.3383960425853729]
[1.9217162132263184]
[4.750673294067383]
[0.7922084927558899]
[0.20800788700580597]
[1.098602533340454]
[10.270023345947266]
[4.05726432800293]
[0.3534316122531891]
[3.807574987411499]
[5.392696380615234]
[1.1838680505752563]
[1.9057334661483765]
[61.407920837402344]
[245.03587341308594]
[1.233431100845337]
[0.9395267367362976]
[0.8021026849746704]
[0.16167697310447693]
[0.7910123467445374]
[4.573207378387451]
[0.13080677390098572]
[0.05673471838235855]
[1.6138077974319458]
[0.053406182676553726]
[13.644038200378418]
[8.577239036560059]
[0.15189328789710999]
[0.2786276042461395]
[0.5716462135314941]
[1.6723756790161133]
[0.21537162363529205]
[2.491706609725952]
[0.5014089345932007]
[1.5331051349639893]
[0.7360378503799438]
[0.8501495122909546]
[1.4156521558761597]
[1.0279066562652588]
[2.0992002487182617]
[17.440824508666992]
[60.48115539550781]
[5.315371036529541]
[0.4259572923183441]
[0.6204006671905518]
[0.8582916855812073]
[1.4712257385253906]
[0.11238919198513031]
[5.552494525909424]
[0.20540837943553925]
[1.0155291557312012]
[0.05812503769993782]
[22.46623992919922]
[0.7938082814216614]
[0.8471440076828003]
[1.0127911567687988]
[0.08790865540504456]
[0.4200259745121002]
[1.5748858451843262]
[0.5282415151596069]
[0.14289315044879913]
[7.397380352020264]
[1.75679612159729]
[1.199103832244873]
[0.37445521354675293]
[0.5486962795257568]
[2.0518016815185547]
[3.440105676651001]
[180.0431671142578]
[1224.7066650390625]
[0.5621343851089478]
[4.327768325805664]
[1.5315301418304443]
[1.2536706924438477]
[1.3665372133255005]
[16.845928192138672]
[6.375847339630127]
[4.768717288970947]
[0.4633379280567169]
[0.6165052652359009]
[5.6573357582092285]
[146.62648010253906]
[3.0389904975891113]
[1.475500226020813]
[1.3512754440307617]
[18.436851501464844]
[1.7539734840393066]
[0.45873358845710754]
[1.3633782863616943]
[0.48713913559913635]
[8.380329132080078]
[1.303300380706787]
[4.876149654388428]
[1.4100548028945923]
[0.8047024607658386]
[3.772287368774414]
[5.8335089683532715]
[24.88113784790039]
[0.46354418992996216]
[0.5030917525291443]
[0.22462986409664154]
[4.952388763427734]
[2.808090925216675]
[4.043585777282715]
[7.345170974731445]
[5.992374420166016]
[5.734969615936279]
[7.343155384063721]
[0.9034461975097656]
[1.7186061143875122]
[2.137913703918457]
[0.19589568674564362]
[0.5742121338844299]
[261.9346923828125]
[174.4248504638672]
[5.886673450469971]
[0.39640504121780396]
[7.1756463050842285]
[0.5011823177337646]
[34.80718994140625]
[1.5754436254501343]
[15.824315071105957]
[0.6426206231117249]
[0.7216387987136841]
[5.292751312255859]
[11.944792747497559]
[125.62950134277344]
[5.4197587966918945]
[2.5282909870147705]
[1.3008276224136353]
[1.8936847448349]
[112.09678649902344]
[5.274518966674805]
[2.586526393890381]
[4.904664516448975]
[4.182961940765381]
[99.73255920410156]
[0.34716951847076416]
[4.4316511154174805]
[0.48147526383399963]
[1.269375205039978]
[0.08741623163223267]
[7.23016357421875]
[5.221266269683838]
[1.109237551689148]
[4.143162727355957]
[99.8431167602539]
[216.9735565185547]
[4.708932876586914]
[0.5777246356010437]
[5.160701751708984]
[230.43296813964844]
[12.687992095947266]
[0.6473938822746277]
[0.6860272884368896]
[58.814510345458984]
[0.4042842388153076]
[3.8917534351348877]
[67.81900024414062]
[72.5917739868164]
[5.910261154174805]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created

[3.8370320796966553]
[3.3332016468048096]
[8.51809310913086]
[0.4875398576259613]
[3.711287498474121]
[5.289973735809326]
[0.7005426287651062]
[5.310416221618652]
[2805.116455078125]
[1.9396873712539673]
[1.6233409643173218]
[1.002535343170166]
[9.812366485595703]
[0.35851699113845825]
[7.166604042053223]
[109.17568969726562]
[18.906639099121094]
[5.094162464141846]
[19.125598907470703]
[2.6583757400512695]
[19.628934860229492]
[14.364205360412598]
[3.6934151649475098]
[6.375446796417236]
[9.75842571258545]
[0.6506012082099915]
[8.849595069885254]
[0.8287346363067627]
[12.340462684631348]
[1.1364810466766357]
[21.660287857055664]
[7.86945915222168]
[17.874025344848633]
[8.757033348083496]
[5.0294108390808105]
[5.762363433837891]
[3.958402156829834]
[2.546542167663574]
[7.191267013549805]
[25.564416885375977]
[4.780106067657471]
[299.6108703613281]
[47.49898910522461]
[0.3281289339065552]
[15.7076416015625]
[9.016051292419434]
[1.7100703716278076]
[0.843426525592804]
[10.823094367980957]
[26.65182113647461]
[3.201040267944336]
[4.415399074554443]
[1.2131134271621704]
[273.8055114746094]
[22.545547485351562]
[3.3525266647338867]
[1.6695938110351562]
[0.43201446533203125]
[1.3081927299499512]
[5.5603227615356445]
[2.0908167362213135]
[0.4893835484981537]
[2.0030477046966553]
[17.378005981445312]
[18.432781219482422]
[0.7245099544525146]
[2.415902614593506]
[17.16973304748535]
[2.6354644298553467]
[3.036085844039917]
[7.933707237243652]
[0.8555976152420044]
[8.655757904052734]
[4.088425159454346]
[4.1137614250183105]
[2.9208173751831055]
[14.580587387084961]
[0.4259209930896759]
[13.52893352508545]
[2.1826016902923584]
[1.8990631103515625]
[0.18595921993255615]
[15.095667839050293]
[0.4290309250354767]
[3.812300443649292]
[166.45480346679688]
[1.212465763092041]
[200.7213897705078]
[2.548499822616577]
[14.364272117614746]
[2.006390333175659]
[7.3639044761657715]
[19.756542205810547]
[2.655036687850952]
[3.502401113510132]
[25.484743118286133]
[0.6580715179443359]
[0.3189217746257782]
[2.2684781551361084]
[1.9948272705078125]
[1.2821588516235352]
[3.1318295001983643]
[7.597805023193359]
[0.32556217908859253]
[1.3025217056274414]
[1.9558857679367065]
[7.213163375854492]
[3.166719913482666]
[8.137603759765625]
[8.081343650817871]
[0.5753818154335022]
[14.025623321533203]
[4.108494758605957]
[0.9250141978263855]
[0.8843757510185242]
[0.4899173080921173]
[1.3142693042755127]
[2.6898727416992188]
[6.180814743041992]
[9.417803764343262]
[0.8317984938621521]
[1.9639739990234375]
[0.6757676601409912]
[0.4794599413871765]
[7.7265753746032715]
[1.547516942024231]
[0.2946634590625763]
[3.904008388519287]
[1.1471139192581177]
[1.6297132968902588]
[1.2631410360336304]
[6.039495468139648]
[0.7960742115974426]
[2.0799033641815186]
[1.9821549654006958]
[0.2880706489086151]
[3.1166465282440186]
[2.1653199195861816]
[0.161470428109169]
[0.08385028690099716]
[0.2768275737762451]
[25.40961456298828]
[0.9756886959075928]
[3.85123348236084]
[23.545907974243164]
[0.3779199719429016]
[0.03263667970895767]
[870.7728271484375]
[0.35110825300216675]
[3.238663911819458]
[163.93771362304688]
[1.0524042844772339]
[75.88580322265625]
[0.21164579689502716]
[1.580228328704834]
[73.9913558959961]
[4.418864727020264]
[5.940597057342529]
[0.5888663530349731]
[2.680285692214966]
[2.96408748626709]
[9.872010231018066]
[4.137678146362305]
[4.32531213760376]
[10.918112754821777]
[3.200157403945923]
[0.5299844145774841]
[0.9398823380470276]
[13.542664527893066]
[0.6074177622795105]
[7.141992568969727]
[2.488701105117798]
[0.33688148856163025]
[0.716998279094696]
[1.3737823963165283]
[1.7967323064804077]
[13.932458877563477]
[6.116173267364502]
[0.17192614078521729]
[1.2866036891937256]
[1.5354915857315063]
[0.4015798270702362]
[4.960981369018555]
[2.0736114978790283]
[3.3002612590789795]
[1.1641929149627686]
[7.130060195922852]
[5.182400703430176]
[0.9228782057762146]
[7.660955429077148]
[0.5477408766746521]
[2.1014585494995117]
[2.342320680618286]
[2.0577445030212402]
[2.992654323577881]
[9.756056785583496]
[2.354464054107666]
[1.3235883712768555]
[1.2359405755996704]
[2.2033133506774902]
[1.4790359735488892]
[0.6433963775634766]
[5.073774337768555]
[1.137984037399292]
[3.2227892875671387]
[0.33094459772109985]
[2.1445751190185547]
[4.037156105041504]
[0.8206394910812378]
[2.930495262145996]
[0.4897327721118927]
[2.7925479412078857]
[5.794782638549805]
[0.09668198227882385]
[3.078540325164795]
[4.163691997528076]
[0.2541801929473877]
[1.6894402503967285]
[1.2979108095169067]
[0.08751200884580612]
[7.079103946685791]
[0.3068663477897644]
[0.1458592712879181]
[1983.8612060546875]
[1.0457770824432373]
[0.5893779993057251]
[5.885707855224609]
[0.9593449234962463]
[13.217401504516602]
[14.653886795043945]
[7.2903876304626465]
[10.750030517578125]
[6.985454082489014]
[12.348689079284668]
[4.240015506744385]
[1.5954749584197998]
[262.8094177246094]
[281.7359313964844]
[18.937992095947266]
[4.34884786605835]
[1.3181060552597046]
[1.7787795066833496]
[5.482479095458984]
[2.452742099761963]
[5631.203125]
[102.09636688232422]
[7.3607306480407715]
[0.8441780805587769]
[60.032257080078125]
[5.194568634033203]
[17.77734375]
[6.811196327209473]
[39.587379455566406]
[4.606122970581055]
[2.867943048477173]
[28.840639114379883]
[149.77105712890625]
[24.29400062561035]
[2.8806185722351074]
[1.604164481163025]
[39.21757125854492]
[48.605613708496094]
[12.675433158874512]
[2.436682939529419]
[86.95646667480469]
[143.55455017089844]
[30.77280044555664]
[9.484652519226074]
[2.2801826000213623]
[19.165037155151367]
[49.163917541503906]
[40.33115005493164]
[3.7583706378936768]
[71.74939727783203]
[10.341230392456055]
[54.73366165161133]
[5.4449591636657715]
[2.962937831878662]
[33.08305740356445]
[4.040126800537109]
[98.24242401123047]
[59.926239013671875]
[10.66236686706543]
[2.4670114517211914]
[204.02906799316406]
[21.649293899536133]
[27.244474411010742]
[41.76604461669922]
[47.847389221191406]
[4.571213245391846]
[25.132308959960938]
[180.03192138671875]
[5.781047344207764]
[136.90318298339844]
[12.18372917175293]
[19.028438568115234]
[12.738617897033691]
[17.49616241455078]
[4.036678314208984]
[31.2891845703125]
[34.10673141479492]
[48.261592864990234]
[18.902469635009766]
[1.5435473918914795]
[2.807499647140503]
[2.4983644485473633]
[3.2828993797302246]
[5.30551290512085]
[13.612199783325195]
[2.3489344120025635]
[402.8032531738281]
[9.519463539123535]
[18.434585571289062]
[5.85476541519165]
[24.231887817382812]
[0.5099590420722961]
[247.16285705566406]
[139.7865447998047]
[22.286317825317383]
[7.603320121765137]
[13.749938011169434]
[13.554952621459961]
[2.054631233215332]
[460.74822998046875]
[3.7547528743743896]
[9.25686264038086]
[6.681527614593506]
[24.65888023376465]
[6.180110931396484]
[11.771689414978027]
[5.232153415679932]
[20.349903106689453]
[12.090080261230469]
[8.383742332458496]
[15.162334442138672]
[11.452981948852539]
[4.6068854331970215]
[4.617505073547363]
[12.151392936706543]
[7.131295204162598]
[568.572998046875]
[12.04503059387207]
[10.120864868164062]
[7.8835320472717285]
[2.7706708908081055]
[8.720563888549805]
[5.225502967834473]
[2.0813677310943604]
[105.36328887939453]
[7.964080333709717]
[3.38759183883667]
[2.953061103820801]
[1.8555794954299927]
[2.594074010848999]
[8.83281421661377]
[17.184097290039062]
[4.691564083099365]
[4.406418323516846]
[4.776419639587402]
[4.755223274230957]
[6.291752338409424]
[2.4495370388031006]
[4.236727714538574]
[2.291553020477295]
[8.497919082641602]
[1.4064213037490845]
[1.6769051551818848]
[1.3533766269683838]
[15.557324409484863]
[5.85831356048584]
[2.6795003414154053]
[11.072113990783691]
[6.697684288024902]
[2.2703909873962402]
[1.4285968542099]
[2.3332431316375732]
[0.47478699684143066]
[136.72540283203125]
[3.9820194244384766]
[1.7845675945281982]
[10.12199878692627]
[1.798814058303833]
[0.06209428235888481]
[0.6027079224586487]
[0.844622790813446]
[1.7256059646606445]
[493.835693359375]
[7.243207931518555]
[2.2943615913391113]
[45.336883544921875]
[2.1718714237213135]
[3.645756721496582]
[1.1670937538146973]
[0.087633416056633]
[1.3209915161132812]
[2.7259888648986816]
[1.1819217205047607]
[3.202674627304077]
[4.122920036315918]
[1.8895454406738281]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.49159836769104]
[0.18664148449897766]
[1.265852928161621]
[0.8017013669013977]
[8.051148414611816]
[4.529782295227051]
[128.47616577148438]
[0.5312232375144958]
[3.0128753185272217]
[2.3444597721099854]
[0.5629454851150513]
[0.6231296062469482]
[3.514860153198242]
[0.4161563813686371]
[0.6914632320404053]
[2.779412031173706]
[255.08642578125]
[6.334550380706787]
[8.175540924072266]
[0.7958498597145081]
[0.6890200972557068]
[85.9863510131836]
[0.8886849880218506]
[1.059407114982605]
[0.4431171715259552]
[4.173745632171631]
[2.7884654998779297]
[1.9822583198547363]
[7.243363857269287]
[0.6438843607902527]
[1.1101100444793701]
[0.5553905963897705]
[0.35280877351760864]
[2.0410828590393066]
[43.342796325683594]
[0.5653836727142334]
[1.7758510112762451]
[0.378582239151001]
[0.4624427855014801]
[8.054245948791504]
[0.49427956342697144]
[0.4387891888618469]
[8.245408058166504]
[2.5658769607543945]
[0.8218933343887329]
[0.6254445314407349]
[2.4444267749786377]
[119.4951171875]
[2.0016441345214844]
[2.9503870010375977]
[2.4627275466918945]
[122.63021850585938]
[1.1335649490356445]
[1.078888177871704]
[0.9909301996231079]
[1.4416829347610474]
[6.152615547180176]
[1.1824820041656494]
[6.833034515380859]
[9.299346923828125]
[1.2104684114456177]
[1.740954875946045]
[0.7451831698417664]
[0.3146960437297821]
[0.604347825050354]
[2.021294355392456]
[0.6983321309089661]
[69.36961364746094]
[13.534842491149902]
[3.694930076599121]
[0.7154535055160522]
[4.3985090255737305]
[4.3924880027771]
[4.752542018890381]
[51.88639831542969]
[217.3934326171875]
[133.25381469726562]
[0.4133721888065338]
[0.4871865212917328]
[1.3593618869781494]
[0.789557695388794]
[1.0938540697097778]
[1.476589560508728]
[0.5529899001121521]
[1.3724281787872314]
[1.6826913356781006]
[5.417970180511475]
[1.4474717378616333]
[0.42079198360443115]
[2.6489431858062744]
[3.063849449157715]
[17.251117706298828]
[2.056483507156372]
[1.5314817428588867]
[18.058320999145508]
[365.2330017089844]
[0.3677307367324829]
[6.554569244384766]
[0.4203500747680664]
[0.9648268818855286]
[2.2778730392456055]
[3.414551019668579]
[1.3494980335235596]
[0.39786800742149353]
[3.231382131576538]
[101.41433715820312]
[2.133558750152588]
[111.44600677490234]
[0.4353233277797699]
[0.6884298920631409]
[0.21358707547187805]
[1.2668840885162354]
[0.9090916514396667]
[4.045902252197266]
[1.2691028118133545]
[261.3251037597656]
[4.318402290344238]
[2.7590770721435547]
[10.280769348144531]
[4.795352935791016]
[1.3412741422653198]
[0.8549497127532959]
[1.101130723953247]
[4.070918083190918]
[1.9823217391967773]
[10.149018287658691]
[5.0161237716674805]
[4.152254104614258]
[1.1184039115905762]
[12.906562805175781]
[0.8210288286209106]
[0.45253995060920715]
[1.4666496515274048]
[3.4136803150177]
[0.6466371417045593]
[2.7040348052978516]
[0.9400969743728638]
[4.245326995849609]
[0.5113511681556702]
[9.853679656982422]
[0.2025824338197708]
[110.30695343017578]
[3.1081316471099854]
[9.840714454650879]
[1.2539981603622437]
[1.1724783182144165]
[29.43075180053711]
[2.1091063022613525]
[1.8047065734863281]
[6.528939247131348]
[0.8548427820205688]
[1.208939552307129]
[0.9123004078865051]
[3.865647315979004]
[3.9278512001037598]
[8.623922348022461]
[8.726624488830566]
[0.6998521685600281]
[23.743520736694336]
[0.531320333480835]
[0.5200037956237793]
[1.2688868045806885]
[1.0465043783187866]
[26.527170181274414]
[5.9362969398498535]
[1.2469205856323242]
[0.7715374231338501]
[1.300974726676941]
[1.6642836332321167]
[1.258882999420166]
[1.7433313131332397]
[6.9144062995910645]
[0.7124900221824646]
[1.950934886932373]
[2.86201548576355]
[1.2195215225219727]
[0.7727046012878418]
[0.11092355102300644]
[1.6067456007003784]
[0.6634842753410339]
[6.061686992645264]
[0.729017436504364]
[28.741064071655273]
[5.348275184631348]
[5.084001064300537]
[0.4817905128002167]
[1.5346269607543945]
[3.876729726791382]
[0.8763607144355774]
[0.5350679159164429]
[1.1005529165267944]
[69.94685363769531]
[1.5254380702972412]
[0.45216748118400574]
[0.4073795974254608]
[0.3925566077232361]
[1.0696619749069214]
[3.363373041152954]
[64.07591247558594]
[0.6498432159423828]
[0.9976446032524109]
[0.03041738271713257]
[209.3258819580078]
[1.3011996746063232]
[59.6050910949707]
[3.6582350730895996]
[0.7359216213226318]
[8.396376609802246]
[0.9275410175323486]
[1.2111520767211914]
[4.598876476287842]
[4.113132476806641]
[2.120889663696289]
[4.218088150024414]
[2.619896650314331]
[198.78732299804688]
[0.4358670711517334]
[3.4757091999053955]
[0.8451834321022034]
[2.9048256874084473]
[1.54326593875885]
[4.726457118988037]
[2.9427545070648193]
[0.21003912389278412]
[4.013598442077637]
[1.0933516025543213]
[5.245214939117432]
[14.960999488830566]
[0.4358639419078827]
[0.8003291487693787]
[6.219203948974609]
[3.121368408203125]
[2.107821464538574]
[1.8863667249679565]
[0.31601616740226746]
[1.3156551122665405]
[3.3168063163757324]
[4.600652694702148]
[5.57352352142334]
[3.077939748764038]
[3.4527907371520996]
[0.5933244824409485]
[4.902780532836914]
[2.7290680408477783]
[124.84563446044922]
[0.42137160897254944]
[1.6437383890151978]
[1.2921125888824463]
[31.325525283813477]
[0.5899448990821838]
[0.8740031719207764]
[8.084916114807129]
[0.4016718566417694]
[6.265833854675293]
[5.318548679351807]
[2.6231377124786377]
[0.3889347016811371]
[39.947994232177734]
[1.6699424982070923]
[3.496285915374756]
[0.5754530429840088]
[2.8741092681884766]
[152.9822998046875]
[0.5536301732063293]
[76.82429504394531]
[0.8788280487060547]
[0.7485233545303345]
[1.9403082132339478]
[2.852099895477295]
[670.1320190429688]
[0.5725938677787781]
[105.22174072265625]
[2.7310354709625244]
[4.049233913421631]
[0.3481258153915405]
[1.6271471977233887]
[2.246218681335449]
[2.434979200363159]
[4.1894989013671875]
[1.8041925430297852]
[0.5369318127632141]
[1.849699854850769]
[5.8539533615112305]
[1.5931016206741333]
[0.17081230878829956]
[1.831649661064148]
[14.646252632141113]
[1.1105483770370483]
[0.7034295797348022]
[1.1648261547088623]
[1.3272960186004639]
[159.34173583984375]
[296.2945556640625]
[0.42666760087013245]
[2.7075698375701904]
[1.189059853553772]
[9.02136516571045]
[3.042637825012207]
[0.6856984496116638]
[1.3554039001464844]
[0.5528768301010132]
[5.665194511413574]
[0.7883442640304565]
[4.019841194152832]
[89.98096466064453]
[2.850844383239746]
[2.020156145095825]
[2.8379170894622803]
[1.0700312852859497]
[2.7523436546325684]
[6.646454334259033]
[71.83019256591797]
[3.9126644134521484]
[21.1500186920166]
[231.63209533691406]
[4.784490585327148]
[9.612950325012207]
[0.7871217131614685]
[69.59266662597656]
[0.9809799790382385]
[135.10289001464844]
[3.5719246864318848]
[64.12980651855469]
[1.7802460193634033]
[5.728448867797852]
[1.6207963228225708]
[0.6594019532203674]
[0.20378100872039795]
[12.158127784729004]
[0.4827367663383484]
[4.406074047088623]
[5.082064151763916]
[1.596591591835022]
[4.126999855041504]
[0.8466922640800476]
[1.1632980108261108]
[1.879786491394043]
[2.864865779876709]
[1.873409628868103]
[2.6050972938537598]
[2.2745156288146973]
[1.8981558084487915]
[0.2895834445953369]
[0.8491460680961609]
[1.9591572284698486]
[1.241947889328003]
[1.7633888721466064]
[0.26461541652679443]
[2.3105645179748535]
[1.328366756439209]
[3.0324034690856934]
[70.9193115234375]
[3.6065561771392822]
[1.6866531372070312]
[0.25462275743484497]
[1.1334842443466187]
[0.7240265607833862]
[3.2383251190185547]
[2.493494987487793]
[1.570013403892517]
[0.8809008002281189]
[3.7498559951782227]
[1.5182232856750488]
[1.0234005451202393]
[0.2593296766281128]
[0.8352209329605103]
[1.7864383459091187]
[0.5024375319480896]
[71.17703247070312]
[119.64405059814453]
[1.79768967628479]
[6.8324785232543945]
[4.237098693847656]
[1.4549224376678467]
[2.779226779937744]
[1.2009551525115967]
[0.5017604827880859]
[3.5464236736297607]
[60.170875549316406]
[0.2402891218662262]
[1.4991451501846313]
[2.5579543113708496]
[0.23294606804847717]
[2.9823431968688965]
[0.20666304230690002]
[3.8908324241638184]
[0.5108929872512817]
[3.3822057247161865]
[3.1172354221343994]
[11.262469291687012]
[0.8943325877189636]
[0.05513853579759598]
[3.1568541526794434]
[0.8903051614761353]
[2.3884780406951904]
[11.994365692138672]
[217.0947265625]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created

[1.116490125656128]
[1.690118432044983]
[0.8259530067443848]
[1.1922696828842163]
[0.7605067491531372]
[0.7572399973869324]
[9.885128021240234]
[3.1249921321868896]
[113.51580047607422]
[0.3280159831047058]
[415.3169860839844]
[14.605518341064453]
[4.698505401611328]
[0.4734748601913452]
[16.79596519470215]
[0.37595275044441223]
[0.8671330809593201]
[2.705371618270874]
[263.90167236328125]
[84.82723999023438]
[19.721134185791016]
[0.9950288534164429]
[1.6526618003845215]
[1.2210097312927246]
[1.248930811882019]
[1.5417884588241577]
[2.5230214595794678]
[2.285223960876465]
[105.92732238769531]
[7.300333023071289]
[0.32562512159347534]
[0.16785123944282532]
[7.657012939453125]
[57.737091064453125]
[11.393874168395996]
[0.3582828640937805]
[6.125980854034424]
[0.07540789246559143]
[0.12370732426643372]
[4.511596202850342]
[0.06827521324157715]
[0.17018422484397888]
[0.5539003610610962]
[1.6242605447769165]
[1.2570219039916992]
[242.54666137695312]
[1.3421179056167603]
[21.604877471923828]
[0.2271037995815277]
[0.32577836513519287]
[0.4464487135410309]
[1.306746006011963]
[104.50090026855469]
[1.0403332710266113]
[2.1362366676330566]
[0.2974810004234314]
[0.4467115104198456]
[0.21858789026737213]
[1.8052040338516235]
[0.9994090795516968]
[2.210287570953369]
[63.27241516113281]
[1.9684834480285645]
[466.594970703125]
[0.9810388088226318]
[1.4506334066390991]
[8.190180778503418]
[0.2704722285270691]
[5.040837287902832]
[0.2428663671016693]
[3.325687885284424]
[1.690251350402832]
[6.236842632293701]
[8.354884147644043]
[8.58975601196289]
[1.2893513441085815]
[5.530466079711914]
[3.6076602935791016]
[59.55972671508789]
[1.1822891235351562]
[4.993328094482422]
[74.65242004394531]
[3.1516144275665283]
[1.297275185585022]
[2.9347259998321533]
[0.7084572315216064]
[8.015820503234863]
[5.4894561767578125]
[3.8118362426757812]
[3.00186824798584]
[3.2139391899108887]
[0.5773015022277832]
[0.3832242488861084]
[3.500176429748535]
[1.2939873933792114]
[0.4395808279514313]
[10.194953918457031]
[94.88504791259766]
[2.341252326965332]
[1.669824242591858]
[2.3362197875976562]
[6.908314228057861]
[5.868884086608887]
[2.1176669597625732]
[7.924315929412842]
[1.6263195276260376]
[0.7156595587730408]
[5.849413871765137]
[4.734014987945557]
[2.871243476867676]
[1.2560467720031738]
[4.285432815551758]
[1.8453599214553833]
[0.16009582579135895]
[0.8842584490776062]
[1.1836987733840942]
[0.18424393236637115]
[8.00588321685791]
[0.9040957093238831]
[0.7647313475608826]
[2245.5244140625]
[1.0089678764343262]
[4.535377025604248]
[111.559326171875]
[1.003126859664917]
[1.6147788763046265]
[0.9121764898300171]
[6.923878192901611]
[4.793865203857422]
[15.280159950256348]
[2.0092926025390625]
[295.886474609375]
[144.65142822265625]
[1.270778775215149]
[14.12568473815918]
[13.604597091674805]
[1.1342461109161377]
[4.067547798156738]
[0.6207365393638611]
[6.260519504547119]
[281.9349670410156]
[0.8616176843643188]
[17.303937911987305]
[24.451860427856445]
[4.918656349182129]
[12.009608268737793]
[15.889488220214844]
[1.6256699562072754]
[462.9819030761719]
[4.279379844665527]
[21.19931411743164]
[0.7851894497871399]
[2.618659019470215]
[4.991196155548096]
[5.399542331695557]
[992.7508544921875]
[7.665855884552002]
[2.3480281829833984]
[2.661195755004883]
[2.5582196712493896]
[3.5630745887756348]
[2.642352342605591]
[4.552962779998779]
[2.1248292922973633]
[0.4971763491630554]
[1.4695754051208496]
[2.364142417907715]
[0.2688555121421814]
[6.022449493408203]
[1.1666686534881592]
[0.0856415256857872]
[2.1218252182006836]
[2.7551138401031494]
[1.3723748922348022]
[0.45074787735939026]
[0.4680459499359131]
[113.21714782714844]
[6.254132270812988]
[0.9844406843185425]
[2.3185536861419678]
[1.1077816486358643]
[6.511527061462402]
[93.93094635009766]
[136.33853149414062]
[3.6926238536834717]
[0.362110435962677]
[38.876556396484375]
[0.5277448296546936]
[14.987253189086914]
[0.2850928008556366]
[3.7225687503814697]
[57.44414520263672]
[2.360675096511841]
[0.4618349075317383]
[5.779303073883057]
[11.598686218261719]
[7.246161460876465]
[11.49463176727295]
[1.9806731939315796]
[0.830211341381073]
[5.240753173828125]
[1.7904971837997437]
[4.821993827819824]
[87.73096466064453]
[0.39034733176231384]
[3.8595023155212402]
[1.2664815187454224]
[71.6055908203125]
[3.026495933532715]
[0.18730205297470093]
[2.0331265926361084]
[69.81997680664062]
[0.8631834983825684]
[0.7541553974151611]
[55.590240478515625]
[0.933297872543335]
[1.453032374382019]
[1.2625348567962646]
[2.1287310123443604]
[1.7902525663375854]
[177.3936767578125]
[0.447237104177475]
[105.510009765625]
[0.7197839617729187]
[5.268478870391846]
[1.8413381576538086]
[3.5729598999023438]
[0.5704784989356995]
[0.5240796208381653]
[3.5587551593780518]
[3.905919075012207]
[8.577122688293457]
[1.7273913621902466]
[0.9216783046722412]
[1.5903956890106201]
[50.09617614746094]
[8.931578636169434]
[0.4612506926059723]
[17.882627487182617]
[2.5105390548706055]
[216.46270751953125]
[3.160579204559326]
[2.7449071407318115]
[1.250971794128418]
[0.5228226184844971]
[0.4657682180404663]
[1.7186359167099]
[4.910338878631592]
[4.103825569152832]
[4.65579080581665]
[0.38145995140075684]
[1.5361217260360718]
[6.282839775085449]
[0.26776477694511414]
[1.4132027626037598]
[0.5623143911361694]
[1.6974362134933472]
[5.520193576812744]
[0.975182056427002]
[0.12369058281183243]
[106.05873107910156]
[0.6861348152160645]
[0.5494064688682556]
[1.6582086086273193]
[4.183961868286133]
[1.581222653388977]
[820.5318603515625]
[1.2597951889038086]
[1.3865258693695068]
[5.792718410491943]
[1.5918749570846558]
[0.14680367708206177]
[0.1521936058998108]
[0.40336740016937256]
[0.5667895078659058]
[73.46410369873047]
[1.6397929191589355]
[11.4940185546875]
[7.594445705413818]
[0.9935412406921387]
[0.18789899349212646]
[0.8704733848571777]
[2.9015274047851562]
[6.380103588104248]
[2.288470506668091]
[0.16552738845348358]
[0.5561766028404236]
[4.099373817443848]
[1.729736328125]
[1.8390997648239136]
[4.964588165283203]
[1.957342505455017]
[5.632932662963867]
[11.114670753479004]
[1.4502094984054565]
[0.890434980392456]
[0.8722161054611206]
[1.7351471185684204]
[0.10072288662195206]
[9.26037311553955]
[0.4978470206260681]
[6.266578197479248]
[1.4541230201721191]
[1.7044256925582886]
[1.2206288576126099]
[5.979648590087891]
[5.937985420227051]
[0.07864075154066086]
[0.8676730394363403]
[0.23908701539039612]
[1.570847511291504]
[7.1512556076049805]
[11.948941230773926]
[2.7069733142852783]
[3.0082387924194336]
[4.8113694190979]
[7.348248481750488]
[62.63661575317383]
[0.9292492866516113]
[0.9454830884933472]
[0.5378754138946533]
[1.248345971107483]
[0.9981251358985901]
[1.4836467504501343]
[1.4340565204620361]
[2.626798391342163]
[2.8455681800842285]
[2.6210882663726807]
[0.5280506610870361]
[0.958688497543335]
[1.3304438591003418]
[5.443787097930908]
[0.9832563996315002]
[0.5209093689918518]
[4.852452278137207]
[5.7115325927734375]
[3.8520619869232178]
[1.9387396574020386]
[4.5096211433410645]
[0.5278220176696777]
[0.2719650864601135]
[3.034235954284668]
[0.049232374876737595]
[0.25375473499298096]
[0.5038270950317383]
[2.227370500564575]
[2.661038875579834]
[9.692890167236328]
[5.901582717895508]
[0.7646588683128357]
[0.7969348430633545]
[0.8632990121841431]
[0.6921536326408386]
[71.38524627685547]
[0.7781063914299011]
[0.2351803034543991]
[1.9293088912963867]
[1.0595957040786743]
[2690.843994140625]
[1.1449000835418701]
[0.38899996876716614]
[1.94842529296875]
[3.816763401031494]
[0.7852933406829834]
[553.7974243164062]
[11.47563362121582]
[247.74798583984375]
[88.698486328125]
[85.85118103027344]
[19.439197540283203]
[17.58188247680664]
[52.92457962036133]
[6.7602691650390625]
[60.67878341674805]
[12.963464736938477]
[33.22299575805664]
[12.746733665466309]
[14.677428245544434]
[40.2353401184082]
[1.6191949844360352]
[3.219059944152832]
[6.122445106506348]
[1.3636599779129028]
[16.696321487426758]
[5.605856418609619]
[1.0104280710220337]
[11.296943664550781]
[93.79255676269531]
[1.8281233310699463]
[196.62298583984375]
[23.050743103027344]
[5.481046199798584]
[20.969701766967773]
[0.4250146448612213]
[7.046338081359863]
[15.68492317199707]
[5.121156692504883]
[13.362873077392578]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[7.292523384094238]
[1.3772495985031128]
[10.55423355102539]
[228.9612274169922]
[4.114370346069336]
[5.986383438110352]
[11.779558181762695]
[10.83725357055664]
[3.2062854766845703]
[5.929536819458008]
[110.46770477294922]
[21.978540420532227]
[1.912207007408142]
[24.232805252075195]
[22.145736694335938]
[1.2717325687408447]
[4.099985122680664]
[8.974817276000977]
[1.7097289562225342]
[3.199014902114868]
[4.72496223449707]
[1.1551381349563599]
[0.8118599057197571]
[18.848543167114258]
[13.776302337646484]
[0.4689353108406067]
[40.996299743652344]
[8.890216827392578]
[9.49049186706543]
[17.75659942626953]
[361.1607360839844]
[1.5689338445663452]
[28.6490478515625]
[3.813387870788574]
[14.306283950805664]
[15.296594619750977]
[8.305038452148438]
[2.2368764877319336]
[11.853839874267578]
[4.986477851867676]
[3.539703607559204]
[2.9743552207946777]
[29.717954635620117]
[32.335777282714844]
[23.69415283203125]
[44.912479400634766]
[10.628434181213379]
[9.434730529785156]
[0.6121907234191895]
[146.8074951171875]
[5.222630023956299]
[28.562545776367188]
[4.200308799743652]
[5.288933753967285]
[4.615267276763916]
[20.26564598083496]
[2.307255744934082]
[0.9288697838783264]
[8.592117309570312]
[75.0079116821289]
[2.992277145385742]
[4.393649101257324]
[125.04764556884766]
[10.719012260437012]
[15.467711448669434]
[1.3614474534988403]
[1.9718931913375854]
[0.4086706042289734]
[7.1168742179870605]
[13.699501037597656]
[2.4068477153778076]
[52.6844482421875]
[162.69725036621094]
[0.636648416519165]
[6.575652599334717]
[2.2281649112701416]
[5.9137444496154785]
[4.513863563537598]
[22.446918487548828]
[1.3154622316360474]
[8.40018367767334]
[4.190627098083496]
[106.1682357788086]
[0.19123263657093048]
[1.937872290611267]
[88.43791961669922]
[9.890451431274414]
[0.7756473422050476]
[1.9168812036514282]
[0.19914811849594116]
[6.217437744140625]
[13.871127128601074]
[1.0636860132217407]
[2.739588737487793]
[3.4846463203430176]
[4.7853593826293945]
[1.6517006158828735]
[1.9956730604171753]
[0.21094729006290436]
[4.190993309020996]
[6.870426654815674]
[22.525575637817383]
[7.968575954437256]
[11.492086410522461]
[4.498206615447998]
[1.4202003479003906]
[14.161543846130371]
[0.4517453908920288]
[1.806800365447998]
[1.4844387769699097]
[12.20524787902832]
[3.290437936782837]
[5.372145175933838]
[2.3619089126586914]
[1.7981233596801758]
[3.513442277908325]
[1.0258914232254028]
[2.005185604095459]
[0.7268269062042236]
[1.3298760652542114]
[39.90034103393555]
[0.22969748079776764]
[2.0259087085723877]
[0.39021405577659607]
[1.7919272184371948]
[1.8917597532272339]
[0.6330690979957581]
[0.12787295877933502]
[110.13619232177734]
[1.9702496528625488]
[2.7560842037200928]
[10.134561538696289]
[15.050615310668945]
[1.3192498683929443]
[1.2504156827926636]
[2.9320852756500244]
[0.03359176963567734]
[3.5198514461517334]
[10.822431564331055]
[1.1228690147399902]
[1.0822217464447021]
[2.047360897064209]
[0.1649555265903473]
[0.5330047607421875]
[0.13084955513477325]
[88.9706802368164]
[1.8233989477157593]
[80.54593658447266]
[0.8574126958847046]
[2.213249444961548]
[5.52694845199585]
[0.7914507389068604]
[0.13888607919216156]
[0.284780889749527]
[6.3238091468811035]
[1.512752890586853]
[9.049806594848633]
[5.404428005218506]
[1.1088073253631592]
[15.0177640914917]
[15.903358459472656]
[1.824269413948059]
[4.304225921630859]
[0.7957925200462341]
[3.9601244926452637]
[0.8434075713157654]
[139.91238403320312]
[0.6047603487968445]
[8.369662284851074]
[7.189157009124756]
[4.162314414978027]
[1.5560731887817383]
[1.922735333442688]
[0.19974830746650696]
[120.38153076171875]
[2.7708263397216797]
[0.6219525337219238]
[11.810887336730957]
[3.3640291690826416]
[1.0056904554367065]
[0.6589531898498535]
[1.3856358528137207]
[40.7194938659668]
[1.549543023109436]
[71.71923065185547]
[5.200196743011475]
[184.90794372558594]
[0.9151241779327393]
[12.343070983886719]
[0.4038131833076477]
[0.5713794231414795]
[0.9815605878829956]
[1.3870288133621216]
[0.8885902166366577]
[3.7252564430236816]
[91.27916717529297]
[0.7173413634300232]
[1372.7576904296875]
[5.007073402404785]
[0.5505374670028687]
[109.71292877197266]
[0.4777876138687134]
[513.807373046875]
[10.564164161682129]
[2.0514588356018066]
[5.91925048828125]
[0.5413215756416321]
[13.097997665405273]
[2.95552921295166]
[2.505169153213501]
[1.6486760377883911]
[0.2681084871292114]
[0.8854830861091614]
[41.905059814453125]
[2.3901660442352295]
[0.4907202422618866]
[0.7223873138427734]
[3.1415481567382812]
[3.85990834236145]
[10.83854866027832]
[11.713245391845703]
[18.65069580078125]
[6.2268524169921875]
[6.411463737487793]
[0.8915110230445862]
[2.0799710750579834]
[74.78445434570312]
[7.214771270751953]
[0.3320865333080292]
[0.9882165789604187]
[14.793105125427246]
[9.454728126525879]
[5.128138542175293]
[3.5386581420898438]
[95.23419189453125]
[1.6403138637542725]
[2.1327896118164062]
[1.501982569694519]
[2.850022315979004]
[1.1849421262741089]
[0.34871596097946167]
[9.97647762298584]
[125.30364227294922]
[1.4093236923217773]
[0.37921977043151855]
[5.130115509033203]
[10.631845474243164]
[1.3995481729507446]
[4.21551513671875]
[174.5040283203125]
[1.2670150995254517]
[0.23561042547225952]
[2.896860361099243]
[1.6260145902633667]
[3.9700677394866943]
[5.065557479858398]
[219.5001220703125]
[0.6459784507751465]
[1.1549748182296753]
[3.591374397277832]
[3.451165199279785]
[1.9061094522476196]
[1.3998501300811768]
[3.234447717666626]
[1.578702449798584]
[1.4199353456497192]
[64.02291870117188]
[3.776674509048462]
[10.934857368469238]
[0.828677237033844]
[1.1918803453445435]
[1.2256999015808105]
[71.78633117675781]
[1.1691687107086182]
[0.9160482883453369]
[1.0510432720184326]
[6.409402847290039]
[111.85993957519531]
[2.3652799129486084]
[1.601630687713623]
[1.9574782848358154]
[2.052384614944458]
[7.992359161376953]
[8.221985816955566]
[1.5537126064300537]
[3.7258455753326416]
[1.497726321220398]
[1.1434539556503296]
[0.35987815260887146]
[2.0166428089141846]
[1.0712648630142212]
[11.184246063232422]
[1.9325079917907715]
[0.893185019493103]
[1.5250864028930664]
[5.861502170562744]
[0.8983429670333862]
[4.905508518218994]
[96.89794158935547]
[0.2982282042503357]
[0.3192126750946045]
[1.8017370700836182]
[1.8763363361358643]
[57.520713806152344]
[2.050279140472412]
[0.5367143750190735]
[216.15975952148438]
[1.7516103982925415]
[2.824603319168091]
[27.492080688476562]
[0.12426407635211945]
[23.544694900512695]
[0.9178324341773987]
[2.9873206615448]
[0.420308917760849]
[1.0632526874542236]
[0.030352002009749413]
[4.665556907653809]
[181.97308349609375]
[2.367086410522461]
[2.368778944015503]
[12.364189147949219]
[0.7468978762626648]
[2.258596897125244]
[6.224703788757324]
[1.2969043254852295]
[0.6857078671455383]
[6.090380668640137]
[7.018288612365723]
[11.26533317565918]
[0.621564507484436]
[8.206501960754395]
[4.732437610626221]
[0.5891440510749817]
[7.762520790100098]
[1.582787275314331]
[0.6030224561691284]
[104.25398254394531]
[0.7034445405006409]
[0.747826337814331]
[3.526362657546997]
[0.6166014671325684]
[2.9172375202178955]
[6.296194553375244]
[7.358981132507324]
[2.438805341720581]
[38.359718322753906]
[0.6406780481338501]
[365.1845397949219]
[2.2896835803985596]
[215.60540771484375]
[0.3554931581020355]
[10.756860733032227]
[0.6771337985992432]
[0.40616780519485474]
[1.1799311637878418]
[2.6233839988708496]
[29.062448501586914]
[1.209578275680542]
[0.3460785746574402]
[46.20152282714844]
[2.2551565170288086]
[1.2132556438446045]
[1.0975711345672607]
[245.07737731933594]
[1.6832094192504883]
[0.37440964579582214]
[1.8994144201278687]
[3.353806734085083]
[1.1921837329864502]
[12.264730453491211]
[3.8159265518188477]
[0.26414209604263306]
[8.022104263305664]
[3.4169869422912598]
[2.5142927169799805]
[0.4383854568004608]
[0.7218486666679382]
[4.266697883605957]
[6.119325160980225]
[4.256972789764404]
[0.40220749378204346]
[0.6991223692893982]
[1.3036003112792969]
[0.7465882897377014]
[60.25186538696289]
[2.7809622287750244]
[1.0515508651733398]
[0.9923746585845947]
[1.372458815574646]
[1.7713232040405273]
[4.100337028503418]
[0.48574942350387573]
[0.795868992805481]
[3.30496883392334]
[0.488956093788147]
[0.7862463593482971]
[0.32050108909606934]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.0787103176116943]
[0.9029241800308228]
[28.453157424926758]
[6.6229777336120605]
[4.020951271057129]
[0.44201499223709106]
[0.1624935120344162]
[0.22059597074985504]
[1.050693392753601]
[81.80663299560547]
[8.167950630187988]
[0.3822647035121918]
[2.125030755996704]
[1.3237273693084717]
[0.6512150764465332]
[2.8200857639312744]
[0.8372958898544312]
[0.5413464903831482]
[101.62860107421875]
[3.7074506282806396]
[183.08282470703125]
[1.2994019985198975]
[0.3467639684677124]
[2.6048312187194824]
[1.2978953123092651]
[0.09874842315912247]
[5.1106038093566895]
[0.6064693927764893]
[0.13810336589813232]
[0.1360856294631958]
[0.976146936416626]
[2.856487989425659]
[57.353233337402344]
[0.5203773379325867]
[25.46784019470215]
[0.04692657291889191]
[0.9693266153335571]
[58.68806076049805]
[0.47473984956741333]
[0.7893981337547302]
[0.2620818018913269]
[79.14273834228516]
[4.708015441894531]
[4.606083869934082]
[0.07237692177295685]
[2.0504891872406006]
[1.1800936460494995]
[0.32321304082870483]
[0.5791849493980408]
[4.3236918449401855]
[4.945743560791016]
[0.9986215233802795]
[73.64790344238281]
[0.6874805688858032]
[0.4485451877117157]
[2.790588140487671]
[0.4657917320728302]
[0.018634337931871414]
[0.18665829300880432]
[7.394295692443848]
[0.510327160358429]
[3.8170583248138428]
[85.04663848876953]
[3.4873056411743164]
[2.8668997287750244]
[0.2686639130115509]
[0.533134937286377]
[0.19641584157943726]
[1.3688775300979614]
[15.906468391418457]
[5.979705810546875]
[1.027662754058838]
[1.3166695833206177]
[0.5409278273582458]
[11.907563209533691]
[0.8929288387298584]
[1.769008994102478]
[0.24576538801193237]
[0.964314877986908]
[33.91806411743164]
[1.2962199449539185]
[2.5848734378814697]
[87.15957641601562]
[2.060060977935791]
[68.337890625]
[0.9599912762641907]
[4.0038862228393555]
[0.3409688472747803]
[2.797797441482544]
[0.05172548443078995]
[0.09120318293571472]
[0.15365897119045258]
[0.7954941391944885]
[0.21927152574062347]
[2.103573799133301]
[0.6612383127212524]
[2.5539467334747314]
[1.0918291807174683]
[5.112916469573975]
[0.31252917647361755]
[1.3145840167999268]
[1.471802830696106]
[3.8867058753967285]
[7.55734395980835]
[0.7645714282989502]
[4.021701812744141]
[56.810672760009766]
[1.6545671224594116]
[3.225228786468506]
[1.6260722875595093]
[1.241517186164856]
[0.443172425031662]
[6.800892353057861]
[4.398595809936523]
[754.318359375]
[0.67720627784729]
[0.2797650992870331]
[8.917431831359863]
[2.42311954498291]
[1.546738862991333]
[5.024868488311768]
[6.16827392578125]
[1.4438276290893555]
[81.60696411132812]
[1.4744775295257568]
[30.441051483154297]
[90.21347045898438]
[1.1945170164108276]
[4.525876045227051]
[59.365875244140625]
[3.706414222717285]
[3.1417486667633057]
[3.9395077228546143]
[0.7610253691673279]
[65.04730987548828]
[3.483811616897583]
[3.3389666080474854]
[0.6335747838020325]
[3.8245456218719482]
[7.809331893920898]
[1.0848826169967651]
[0.1994987428188324]
[0.17663036286830902]
[5.613366603851318]
[3.0287017822265625]
[9.011197090148926]
[9.84103012084961]
[7.074565887451172]
[0.34185779094696045]
[2.2808475494384766]
[7.5328450202941895]
[2.1241559982299805]
[3.3731987476348877]
[0.4307433068752289]
[0.24774135649204254]
[16.037919998168945]
[9.649458885192871]
[1.3104902505874634]
[0.7271186709403992]
[8.525224685668945]
[0.4538404047489166]
[2.9942679405212402]
[4.338091850280762]
[0.46714362502098083]
[10.560133934020996]
[13.262334823608398]
[1.3663928508758545]
[1.6791903972625732]
[0.254996120929718]
[7.055838108062744]
[0.6223970651626587]
[1.5516053438186646]
[10.388664245605469]
[9.360735893249512]
[2.06795597076416]
[2.066807270050049]
[0.432255357503891]
[2085.797119140625]
[4.737807750701904]
[1.7948129177093506]
[0.35297030210494995]
[11.282079696655273]
[354.770751953125]
[12.179269790649414]
[3.916644811630249]
[112.71097564697266]
[8.56592082977295]
[3.697082757949829]
[7.551077365875244]
[4.981503963470459]
[0.5781869292259216]
[17.579004287719727]
[4.003823757171631]
[20.505264282226562]
[9.303669929504395]
[1.3455694913864136]
[5.31376838684082]
[3.267009973526001]
[26.697254180908203]
[8.118741035461426]
[1.4765325784683228]
[9.325813293457031]
[2.248077869415283]
[1.6693658828735352]
[22.03765869140625]
[80.6786880493164]
[68.7815933227539]
[22.724864959716797]
[81.73419189453125]
[4.7895331382751465]
[5.3981733322143555]
[11.701930046081543]
[269.0259094238281]
[6.869676113128662]
[13.971644401550293]
[0.9898729920387268]
[0.7873321771621704]
[4.1137003898620605]
[81.5029067993164]
[3.0231714248657227]
[77.08551025390625]
[9.51293659210205]
[0.8581411242485046]
[870.79296875]
[0.8769495487213135]
[11.413037300109863]
[2.265012741088867]
[0.35880011320114136]
[1.7304127216339111]
[1.032396912574768]
[9.30893325805664]
[4.181504726409912]
[22.874652862548828]
[12.613447189331055]
[9.586947441101074]
[7.857595920562744]
[3.498793363571167]
[235.77752685546875]
[7.661149978637695]
[0.9797356128692627]
[4.722667217254639]
[2.016129493713379]
[13.369050025939941]
[6.367468357086182]
[3.71285343170166]
[1.788895606994629]
[3.357816219329834]
[1.2389864921569824]
[3.843770980834961]
[6.634566783905029]
[4.682821273803711]
[1.0611881017684937]
[1.7844582796096802]
[0.6706957221031189]
[2.6676108837127686]
[0.7638704776763916]
[0.7604663968086243]
[66.02141571044922]
[0.8810703754425049]
[38.055633544921875]
[0.44516199827194214]
[0.14866013824939728]
[3.5503053665161133]
[8.171419143676758]
[3.125518560409546]
[1.3846349716186523]
[10.442386627197266]
[0.21410131454467773]
[1.2227760553359985]
[12.845202445983887]
[3.4948513507843018]
[1.782005786895752]
[4.163970470428467]
[1.4517878293991089]
[5.086132049560547]
[10.312734603881836]
[0.30436649918556213]
[59.57746887207031]
[0.20048639178276062]
[0.23425273597240448]
[2.9926695823669434]
[1.1232829093933105]
[0.4384322464466095]
[2.041494846343994]
[0.8548206090927124]
[0.25300920009613037]
[2.0686733722686768]
[217.37181091308594]
[5.310670375823975]
[62.560218811035156]
[0.5252274870872498]
[0.12454284727573395]
[2.2140285968780518]
[63.29195785522461]
[3.907480239868164]
[2.1127254962921143]
[5.495012283325195]
[0.11581628024578094]
[3.8829615116119385]
[0.6516491770744324]
[73.2482681274414]
[3.6585659980773926]
[6.55225944519043]
[2.8779523372650146]
[2.1373398303985596]
[0.34464263916015625]
[0.7327123284339905]
[0.5444467663764954]
[50.145721435546875]
[8.873205184936523]
[0.265549898147583]
[3.5591542720794678]
[68.85643768310547]
[4.59901237487793]
[22.39629364013672]
[0.41806456446647644]
[12.450505256652832]
[0.09224691987037659]
[9.387096405029297]
[0.38275840878486633]
[0.43792524933815]
[65.3498306274414]
[0.9147862792015076]
[2.0703933238983154]
[4.724282741546631]
[0.06614171713590622]
[2.3270301818847656]
[19.70940399169922]
[0.5710445046424866]
[0.639796257019043]
[0.7441921234130859]
[0.3968294858932495]
[0.49058663845062256]
[2.7499663829803467]
[8.573287963867188]
[7.269376754760742]
[3.844656467437744]
[1.2126164436340332]
[2.0796046257019043]
[0.6705880761146545]
[0.12826229631900787]
[2.238436460494995]
[0.3303546607494354]
[4.148956298828125]
[16.63296127319336]
[2.9561400413513184]
[0.31829628348350525]
[1.4523855447769165]
[0.3870171010494232]
[0.6910432577133179]
[0.934816837310791]
[1.4512720108032227]
[0.24542705714702606]
[108.74497985839844]
[0.16944047808647156]
[4.983325958251953]
[1.1849406957626343]
[0.5660322308540344]
[9.011223793029785]
[1.8356029987335205]
[4.993309020996094]
[2.389721155166626]
[2.5857410430908203]
[5.579919338226318]
[0.8800046443939209]
[1.5877000093460083]
[1.0719549655914307]
[0.37018024921417236]
[1.0302084684371948]
[4.4506144523620605]
[1.143325924873352]
[0.4031234085559845]
[0.32614272832870483]
[135.7052001953125]
[0.9393405318260193]
[2.4376208782196045]
[2.6627321243286133]
[2.7173922061920166]
[1.0861696004867554]
[108.99103546142578]
[4.290809154510498]
[1.1243791580200195]
[1.3488849401474]
[27.194047927856445]
[6.747159481048584]
[5.1704206466674805]
[0.20220178365707397]
[0.9158763885498047]
[2.268625020980835]
[4.6530561447143555]
[0.7050312161445618]
[0.27668145298957825]
[2.596673011779785]
[0.7617620825767517]
[3.9771568775177]
[1.3079159259796143]
[0.7718132138252258]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.205385684967041]
[0.38826224207878113]
[0.19124965369701385]
[0.7427340745925903]
[3.175520658493042]
[59.63713836669922]
[0.5758726000785828]
[1.3100242614746094]
[2.1915841102600098]
[0.6916414499282837]
[92.69935607910156]
[0.15576793253421783]
[1.1457568407058716]
[6.273806571960449]
[2.357728958129883]
[1.464989423751831]
[220.00376892089844]
[65.0077896118164]
[0.8081468939781189]
[0.07835451513528824]
[12.915888786315918]
[0.8049063086509705]
[0.567742109298706]
[0.3792334794998169]
[0.6058547496795654]
[0.1141289696097374]
[4.9449357986450195]
[0.2129887342453003]
[2.1704885959625244]
[0.8829768896102905]
[13.598182678222656]
[3.373765230178833]
[0.23570303618907928]
[14.70857048034668]
[0.6106523275375366]
[0.31866610050201416]
[5.828815460205078]
[2.3401191234588623]
[6.1261396408081055]
[0.48242080211639404]
[5.773773670196533]
[4.300322532653809]
[0.6026688814163208]
[0.40359145402908325]
[0.9453215599060059]
[2.6394882202148438]
[0.12377014011144638]
[5.324970245361328]
[0.06889273971319199]
[3.6298656463623047]
[0.7728461623191833]
[9.097957611083984]
[0.16380390524864197]
[0.2783995568752289]
[0.3884989023208618]
[7.273594856262207]
[0.24377018213272095]
[0.11438092589378357]
[9.494817733764648]
[1.4146084785461426]
[4.0686421394348145]
[62.30039978027344]
[3.513882637023926]
[16.982208251953125]
[1.9419975280761719]
[0.40287232398986816]
[48.5427131652832]
[75.01104736328125]
[0.15472961962223053]
[0.09277274459600449]
[3.903911828994751]
[0.4114038050174713]
[1.2369791269302368]
[0.9324697852134705]
[1.636301875114441]
[0.5599100589752197]
[1.9313075542449951]
[0.5632673501968384]
[0.2576329708099365]
[2.8742423057556152]
[0.8167830109596252]
[11.197704315185547]
[0.4529838263988495]
[119.58733367919922]
[2.7518715858459473]
[2.9135687351226807]
[5.839381694793701]
[0.6905658841133118]
[0.6611734628677368]
[0.9829087853431702]
[1.1348812580108643]
[6.779543399810791]
[2.5502207279205322]
[3.194571018218994]
[0.9730260968208313]
[0.27946528792381287]
[0.7549266815185547]
[0.24517902731895447]
[0.1422319859266281]
[0.6974130272865295]
[22.039043426513672]
[0.4209330379962921]
[72.50402069091797]
[0.5364775061607361]
[0.3076137602329254]
[57.286991119384766]
[0.13589483499526978]
[58.76914978027344]
[0.4514213502407074]
[0.6313150525093079]
[2.604943037033081]
[0.9917003512382507]
[2.797715663909912]
[9.773510932922363]
[2.9864635467529297]
[2.1645450592041016]
[2.2151050567626953]
[1.6863999366760254]
[0.9812123775482178]
[1.354814052581787]
[8.472317695617676]
[0.4629468619823456]
[0.5473876595497131]
[2.074396848678589]
[0.8399865031242371]
[2.6844611167907715]
[1.3209353685379028]
[5.710500717163086]
[1.9143887758255005]
[0.2933296263217926]
[0.3108329772949219]
[1.145285725593567]
[7.876713752746582]
[0.06428789347410202]
[1017.014404296875]
[5.100878715515137]
[0.5593090653419495]
[90.3696517944336]
[0.18875521421432495]
[0.9544447064399719]
[0.28661778569221497]
[0.773953378200531]
[0.5125963687896729]
[2.207829713821411]
[0.8216032981872559]
[1.6911976337432861]
[0.06045033410191536]
[18.499929428100586]
[1.0705538988113403]
[0.31441277265548706]
[2.8860924243927]
[0.5564621090888977]
[67.9261703491211]
[0.5461077690124512]
[9.939330101013184]
[134.5938720703125]
[15.966211318969727]
[0.23802988231182098]
[14.957441329956055]
[1.8498927354812622]
[2.7787182331085205]
[18.264419555664062]
[2.0979161262512207]
[109.73431396484375]
[0.4595147371292114]
[0.22339920699596405]
[0.39031392335891724]
[3.182464838027954]
[67.62446594238281]
[3.8521666526794434]
[14.018499374389648]
[2.7659168243408203]
[100.66108703613281]
[148.81593322753906]
[2.252697706222534]
[13.143732070922852]
[8.372257232666016]
[89.03865051269531]
[0.17527605593204498]
[1.2001487016677856]
[139.02352905273438]
[109.36676025390625]
[3.9262075424194336]
[2.732002019882202]
[3.8728878498077393]
[9.411273956298828]
[4.603036880493164]
[3.3081207275390625]
[0.3166487514972687]
[1.6886898279190063]
[3.9536757469177246]
[92.85106658935547]
[1.373519778251648]
[3.5661661624908447]
[2.237466812133789]
[1.900689959526062]
[4.90947961807251]
[1.9458210468292236]
[23.342063903808594]
[1.290772557258606]
[0.42248162627220154]
[3.57978892326355]
[4.078925132751465]
[1.8370635509490967]
[1.1586929559707642]
[2.8430559635162354]
[11.487239837646484]
[0.531572163105011]
[0.32064032554626465]
[3.4572532176971436]
[1.367173671722412]
[0.4050856828689575]
[1.5929696559906006]
[0.15051919221878052]
[5.514428615570068]
[0.8482792377471924]
[8.327352523803711]
[2.1209306716918945]
[2.0640575885772705]
[0.1432809829711914]
[0.1789131611585617]
[8.138263702392578]
[0.3444490432739258]
[0.05898373946547508]
[8.772047996520996]
[2.384873151779175]
[12.942588806152344]
[0.4216717779636383]
[0.33706238865852356]
[0.5595040321350098]
[1.3401058912277222]
[1.9066332578659058]
[1.070992112159729]
[1.7152907848358154]
[3.1101162433624268]
[2.3388991355895996]
[106.23560333251953]
[22.942625045776367]
[5.061948299407959]
[3.6719555854797363]
[0.11096233129501343]
[0.043128177523612976]
[4.298334121704102]
[5.6371660232543945]
[4.079169273376465]
[2.6296277046203613]
[5.99307918548584]
[5.162327766418457]
[3.1230034828186035]
[2.5960192680358887]
[6.894633769989014]
[35.831825256347656]
[0.9157664775848389]
[1.8495275974273682]
[1.2462841272354126]
[2.433583974838257]
[130.42430114746094]
[0.7053925395011902]
[1.479813814163208]
[0.5284497141838074]
[0.8857842087745667]
[2.9572198390960693]
[0.39845001697540283]
[1.7855831384658813]
[3.1412553787231445]
[2.514688014984131]
[2.77871036529541]
[0.7593532800674438]
[2.590785264968872]
[1.2343881130218506]
[1.7396910190582275]
[0.3917250335216522]
[18.589508056640625]
[2.9663872718811035]
[1.0579862594604492]
[1.3575459718704224]
[0.5197159647941589]
[2.1423532962799072]
[1.3040066957473755]
[2.239051103591919]
[8.686714172363281]
[1.812231183052063]
[0.8075506687164307]
[9.790404319763184]
[2.4934587478637695]
[1.5233433246612549]
[1.3493772745132446]
[4.173328399658203]
[59.91883850097656]
[2.116511583328247]
[3.221440076828003]
[0.5035241842269897]
[1.1840150356292725]
[0.2965056896209717]
[5.214251518249512]
[0.7550632953643799]
[1.4353278875350952]
[3.1879284381866455]
[1.1976667642593384]
[0.63852858543396]
[1.455235242843628]
[4.154353141784668]
[5.075312614440918]
[0.4353979527950287]
[0.2596236765384674]
[684.800537109375]
[3.5248656272888184]
[0.5391282439231873]
[8.84018325805664]
[80.4396743774414]
[0.16806545853614807]
[5.052614212036133]
[5.361583709716797]
[5.644353866577148]
[1.686731219291687]
[2.1874918937683105]
[88.14358520507812]
[75.85091400146484]
[0.4235292375087738]
[7.511290073394775]
[0.823239266872406]
[1.9969056844711304]
[1.7979331016540527]
[9.537591934204102]
[1.5435209274291992]
[4.134541034698486]
[2.507925510406494]
[0.5908939838409424]
[3.876502752304077]
[1.5543105602264404]
[56.58719253540039]
[0.6168940663337708]
[1.1382191181182861]
[6.7646708488464355]
[13.692431449890137]
[0.03544115647673607]
[3.707319974899292]
[1.3246090412139893]
[100.46138763427734]
[3.420194149017334]
[2.88397216796875]
[7.624840259552002]
[0.9092798829078674]
[0.6942148804664612]
[1.191483736038208]
[1.373634934425354]
[0.5829400420188904]
[24.48541831970215]
[0.15784084796905518]
[0.47388404607772827]
[1.6281633377075195]
[0.4195476472377777]
[2.5416100025177]
[1.0046265125274658]
[0.38002094626426697]
[23.032136917114258]
[1.8567476272583008]
[2.7060463428497314]
[6.848710536956787]
[2.5279619693756104]
[2.0818138122558594]
[1.2373706102371216]
[3.5161101818084717]
[1.4345207214355469]
[0.718900740146637]
[208.08432006835938]
[0.7679157257080078]
[0.6113326549530029]
[1.0386295318603516]
[0.4017578065395355]
[3.3820672035217285]
[2.3190813064575195]
[3.0961947441101074]
[0.1976287066936493]
[14.5968599319458]
[2.4153175354003906]
[2.3368468284606934]
[14.0720853805542]
[1.316867709159851]
[0.594275951385498]
[72.2944107055664]
[58.95851135253906]
[2.3282177448272705]
[14.451661109924316]
[13.663125038146973]
[4.851726531982422]
[10.093818664550781]
[49.274330139160156]
[3.167055606842041]
[0.27999287843704224]
[3.1461615562438965]
[2.587477445602417]
[0.1521959900856018]
[1.6584020853042603]
[0.5694310665130615]
[1.833329677581787]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.14967571198940277]
[9.763567924499512]
[1.148598074913025]
[0.8070187568664551]
[2.9654128551483154]
[1.2307950258255005]
[1.2329435348510742]
[1.900038480758667]
[0.3930239975452423]
[3.670642614364624]
[1.8461788892745972]
[75.79876708984375]
[0.2054208517074585]
[0.5659738779067993]
[0.33821749687194824]
[0.12841229140758514]
[105.39131164550781]
[2.441563367843628]
[4.5892744064331055]
[2.5929982662200928]
[3.928790330886841]
[53.74101257324219]
[0.6283689737319946]
[4.485274791717529]
[4.928622245788574]
[12.07765007019043]
[1.6292352676391602]
[1.891711711883545]
[5.018081188201904]
[0.19575990736484528]
[79.4554443359375]
[5.282757759094238]
[0.5953277349472046]
[0.7369924783706665]
[356.7495422363281]
[12.572392463684082]
[0.5802900791168213]
[1.809013843536377]
[3.2032690048217773]
[1.3869320154190063]
[2.308863401412964]
[0.408281147480011]
[6.091105937957764]
[1.1057525873184204]
[0.5124120116233826]
[7.562792778015137]
[8.3169584274292]
[6.828894138336182]
[0.7307387590408325]
[0.9869849681854248]
[0.7381052374839783]
[0.6625898480415344]
[0.057173214852809906]
[0.33368271589279175]
[1.1424256563186646]
[10.49090576171875]
[1.326710820198059]
[1.1412475109100342]
[2.646404981613159]
[0.20613397657871246]
[0.8591765761375427]
[3.750603675842285]
[0.7341419458389282]
[104.4463119506836]
[0.9553508758544922]
[1.263026475906372]
[7.33807373046875]
[4.0950164794921875]
[6.889774322509766]
[0.6726403832435608]
[75.2501220703125]
[5.7732415199279785]
[4.664494037628174]
[0.42167502641677856]
[80.91197204589844]
[1.7821890115737915]
[1.1351069211959839]
[0.3687909245491028]
[3.850832462310791]
[0.4422227442264557]
[351.3716735839844]
[0.16580608487129211]
[3.9231252670288086]
[176.45416259765625]
[0.6943535804748535]
[0.14145441353321075]
[1.4980175495147705]
[13.264784812927246]
[34.848602294921875]
[1.3902140855789185]
[0.3295852243900299]
[3.7872891426086426]
[4.650157451629639]
[6.072688579559326]
[61.896549224853516]
[1.238934874534607]
[0.8750496506690979]
[2.9508113861083984]
[1.3685318231582642]
[1.1356513500213623]
[0.47140583395957947]
[0.21265825629234314]
[0.19933471083641052]
[8.338370323181152]
[10.788273811340332]
[80.75206756591797]
[0.20224003493785858]
[0.4885663688182831]
[3.676079511642456]
[7.272995471954346]
[7.083345890045166]
[1.5472127199172974]
[1.3636471033096313]
[101.67777252197266]
[1.8278177976608276]
[3.074519634246826]
[2.8450632095336914]
[15.725773811340332]
[1.518949270248413]
[2.4756288528442383]
[1.2868348360061646]
[56.525875091552734]
[6.8494157791137695]
[8.729521751403809]
[3.252634286880493]
[2.0716195106506348]
[1.014654278755188]
[3.0387489795684814]
[0.9400535821914673]
[0.149515300989151]
[2.204867362976074]
[0.28692662715911865]
[4.825151443481445]
[90.63448333740234]
[0.5705112218856812]
[0.746440052986145]
[0.04799007996916771]
[0.9302136898040771]
[0.21115976572036743]
[0.09349928051233292]
[0.20663999021053314]
[1.0664970874786377]
[3.8453900814056396]
[0.8929831981658936]
[6.508840560913086]
[4.483773231506348]
[0.9265714883804321]
[3.1960723400115967]
[0.6023239493370056]
[8.98399543762207]
[3.608130693435669]
[1.5937384366989136]
[6.920717239379883]
[0.8250704407691956]
[1.395595908164978]
[5.8802080154418945]
[25.852346420288086]
[0.6561763286590576]
[4.885418891906738]
[0.12305212765932083]
[3.557007074356079]
[3.8201982975006104]
[3.8445885181427]
[0.3513868749141693]
[0.08576349914073944]
[1.0731863975524902]
[0.25269410014152527]
[1.2905158996582031]
[0.8024259209632874]
[63.75914001464844]
[2.0700604915618896]
[22.648757934570312]
[0.28543269634246826]
[0.48931875824928284]
[0.475975900888443]
[0.9896730780601501]
[1.002225399017334]
[59.74773406982422]
[0.6941095590591431]
[0.7294976711273193]
[0.5108147263526917]
[51.32908630371094]
[0.4093973636627197]
[0.15648667514324188]
[0.11710681021213531]
[60.234344482421875]
[3.165611982345581]
[3.9063804149627686]
[1.8896546363830566]
[3.065667152404785]
[20.07403564453125]
[1.7744019031524658]
[191.00062561035156]
[6.366506576538086]
[202.29420471191406]
[6.559720993041992]
[5.364944934844971]
[11.162897109985352]
[14.018588066101074]
[1.0333703756332397]
[1.0783109664916992]
[0.31238165497779846]
[1.1649342775344849]
[7.9703264236450195]
[306.6587219238281]
[56.5953483581543]
[0.41559138894081116]
[2.680453300476074]
[0.40561625361442566]
[3.3101556301116943]
[0.5263359546661377]
[8.724719047546387]
[431.10968017578125]
[3.236859083175659]
[0.3548762798309326]
[0.621702253818512]
[31.962326049804688]
[1.284538745880127]
[0.20853988826274872]
[1.2027233839035034]
[1.1668708324432373]
[0.5882996916770935]
[6.29722785949707]
[93.57296752929688]
[1.2036079168319702]
[2.3129024505615234]
[86.36163330078125]
[5.692897319793701]
[1.894171953201294]
[3.0647919178009033]
[1.4728909730911255]
[0.4303715229034424]
[1.8837970495224]
[1.2131338119506836]
[5.344451427459717]
[2.0154998302459717]
[5.4779815673828125]
[88.0999526977539]
[2.776108980178833]
[3.6372504234313965]
[6.578214645385742]
[3.1752126216888428]
[0.8793231844902039]
[70.64549255371094]
[3.327362298965454]
[1.056439995765686]
[0.206422820687294]
[5.085668563842773]
[8.531635284423828]
[0.3029724061489105]
[2.11849308013916]
[2.114234209060669]
[0.05371289327740669]
[0.30779770016670227]
[2.4173989295959473]
[2.772221088409424]
[152.41050720214844]
[4.907917022705078]
[83.81568145751953]
[0.4175662100315094]
[1.0374773740768433]
[1.2268658876419067]
[63.07957458496094]
[2.0544850826263428]
[1.5198391675949097]
[2.2321910858154297]
[0.8781948685646057]
[63.122196197509766]
[2.2553162574768066]
[2.7152347564697266]
[0.20718131959438324]
[1.3213359117507935]
[2.896092176437378]
[3.0341033935546875]
[0.3879433572292328]
[1.2469545602798462]
[12.91375732421875]
[0.695995569229126]
[3.610819101333618]
[1.180209755897522]
[1.8235920667648315]
[3.2857892513275146]
[3.3396027088165283]
[6.522453784942627]
[0.6864819526672363]
[102.21520233154297]
[60.29668045043945]
[28.40734100341797]
[1.3252205848693848]
[1.4889438152313232]
[9.28026008605957]
[1.8370192050933838]
[0.619652271270752]
[0.17223356664180756]
[4.518291473388672]
[0.47473880648612976]
[24.797876358032227]
[3.025742769241333]
[0.5463883280754089]
[3.2451999187469482]
[0.502199649810791]
[0.3971249461174011]
[140.8706817626953]
[0.19238992035388947]
[6.669753551483154]
[8.136380195617676]
[1.3012639284133911]
[0.633291482925415]
[0.07925698906183243]
[0.6941925883293152]
[6.976320743560791]
[1.990080714225769]
[0.7451175451278687]
[4.749812126159668]
[72.27153778076172]
[4.706447601318359]
[52.37456512451172]
[1.5336740016937256]
[1.190596103668213]
[5.422123908996582]
[4.103933334350586]
[193.69760131835938]
[4.857464790344238]
[0.271051287651062]
[1.2450894117355347]
[3.270667314529419]
[5.368490695953369]
[2.355330467224121]
[1.1701879501342773]
[0.5686410069465637]
[0.40380859375]
[2.760221481323242]
[0.35786572098731995]
[4.010400295257568]
[11.28799819946289]
[671.3953247070312]
[20.023099899291992]
[6.8575873374938965]
[0.6557163000106812]
[6.570526123046875]
[0.7107732892036438]
[2.0861711502075195]
[3.581362724304199]
[7.34141731262207]
[83.72855377197266]
[5.742168426513672]
[209.50367736816406]
[7.790012359619141]
[0.23866896331310272]
[14.259387969970703]
[1.7341973781585693]
[3.4055962562561035]
[2.0433976650238037]
[13.788186073303223]
[0.060233015567064285]
[12.944489479064941]
[5.99449348449707]
[0.5584755539894104]
[8.849586486816406]
[5.982573986053467]
[0.3575974702835083]
[3.1609392166137695]
[67.69699096679688]
[0.46045389771461487]
[5.126006603240967]
[0.10230173170566559]
[46.21662521362305]
[385.361083984375]
[0.4519728124141693]
[2.2227582931518555]
[113.79431915283203]
[5.604874134063721]
[1.919439435005188]
[2.575547695159912]
[12.10161018371582]
[66.30686950683594]
[2.919168472290039]
[3.537424087524414]
[4.5642194747924805]
[4.390777111053467]
[0.3158099353313446]
[1.5221766233444214]
[1.156356692314148]
[7.0700788497924805]
[3.6454763412475586]
[3.3663485050201416]
[0.6171424388885498]
[18.08226776123047]
[3.593477487564087]
[0.45584791898727417]
[1.4853482246398926]
[2.2852702140808105]
[85.58043670654297]
[1.2525553703308105]
[3.636533737182617]
[11.238800048828125]
[3.8847036361694336]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.2968270778656006]
[6.570920467376709]
[0.8777855038642883]
[0.03164009749889374]
[0.5277731418609619]
[7.427698135375977]
[1.1613072156906128]
[62.123252868652344]
[3.0759804248809814]
[2.520556688308716]
[1.1489009857177734]
[1.5894997119903564]
[0.13259345293045044]
[1.2321298122406006]
[3.8443284034729004]
[67.22720336914062]
[15.494397163391113]
[0.4811706840991974]
[0.49439311027526855]
[4.9644269943237305]
[3.3585360050201416]
[0.8866353631019592]
[1.3457746505737305]
[0.19370241463184357]
[1.1862285137176514]
[0.906796395778656]
[22.86298179626465]
[57.0000114440918]
[8.532719612121582]
[9.913005828857422]
[1210.5498046875]
[1.7678147554397583]
[8.851181030273438]
[4.947991847991943]
[64.8147201538086]
[1.5439321994781494]
[4.802915573120117]
[7.1768670082092285]
[4.586486339569092]
[1.5942491292953491]
[3.309995651245117]
[4.349732875823975]
[68.5635986328125]
[108.98236083984375]
[13.784185409545898]
[6.755640983581543]
[2.2250571250915527]
[4.153249263763428]
[23.46251678466797]
[3.4521756172180176]
[113.23082733154297]
[0.1955656111240387]
[0.7889728546142578]
[0.09307630360126495]
[2.3381917476654053]
[3.3559632301330566]
[2.199078321456909]
[237.36524963378906]
[10.221680641174316]
[4.012727737426758]
[8.546402931213379]
[0.8305684924125671]
[4.9745283126831055]
[4.878604888916016]
[4.817869186401367]
[87.01778411865234]
[1.4283735752105713]
[1.546576738357544]
[6.660694599151611]
[0.34785449504852295]
[7.092745780944824]
[3.6728131771087646]
[8.00298023223877]
[1.4505101442337036]
[0.5482743978500366]
[85.92467498779297]
[20.897014617919922]
[3.8687267303466797]
[3.9333395957946777]
[2.236154079437256]
[0.3522043526172638]
[1.4328243732452393]
[0.7320480346679688]
[17.336429595947266]
[0.9115665555000305]
[4.703400611877441]
[0.959860622882843]
[5.85726261138916]
[0.5045492053031921]
[1.8668698072433472]
[192.5317840576172]
[3.065358877182007]
[0.7285518646240234]
[1.396873950958252]
[2.0266687870025635]
[1.7121351957321167]
[1.906602382659912]
[5.798294544219971]
[0.250611275434494]
[1.6828280687332153]
[7.403850078582764]
[1.6763393878936768]
[1.651655912399292]
[1.0972949266433716]
[131.31893920898438]
[5.213047504425049]
[6.307589054107666]
[0.4453274607658386]
[6.004721641540527]
[6.497443675994873]
[2.344099998474121]
[0.32148823142051697]
[118.59053039550781]
[0.5909010767936707]
[0.7922129034996033]
[5.842228889465332]
[0.16760040819644928]
[0.3050045967102051]
[1.9856113195419312]
[3.7623353004455566]
[0.3190799057483673]
[0.08956305682659149]
[0.5866731405258179]
[0.357145756483078]
[2.319188356399536]
[178.1796112060547]
[2.784393548965454]
[1.6945422887802124]
[3.090155839920044]
[9.88582992553711]
[0.8298718929290771]
[3.095214605331421]
[6.8142805099487305]
[77.7542953491211]
[0.18797186017036438]
[1.8867088556289673]
[7.737707614898682]
[4.669577121734619]
[0.2792319655418396]
[5.975912094116211]
[0.7468010783195496]
[1.9745979309082031]
[0.7720971703529358]
[7.320314884185791]
[1.3836926221847534]
[6.474920749664307]
[3.673327922821045]
[1.4524803161621094]
[13.903777122497559]
[24.319299697875977]
[1.39760160446167]
[20.500625610351562]
[273.3465576171875]
[2.157785415649414]
[2.5607950687408447]
[0.2962254285812378]
[2.446547031402588]
[1.0208052396774292]
[5.2923173904418945]
[5.43873405456543]
[7.520837783813477]
[5.645685195922852]
[1.1900298595428467]
[7.665932655334473]
[8.015250205993652]
[0.18158508837223053]
[0.34552276134490967]
[2.9262053966522217]
[0.4592190980911255]
[5.138889312744141]
[0.29035112261772156]
[2.9736554622650146]
[0.17153121531009674]
[1.129483938217163]
[2.913607597351074]
[1.547145962715149]
[0.05850496143102646]
[0.15650901198387146]
[0.24161149561405182]
[20.0853328704834]
[2.664592981338501]
[3.6184332370758057]
[0.8518279194831848]
[5.303013324737549]
[3.1773786544799805]
[2.2102630138397217]
[1.1088285446166992]
[9.829607963562012]
[7.820151329040527]
[3.7019286155700684]
[0.8307340741157532]
[0.6503136157989502]
[1.4493414163589478]
[90.89739227294922]
[3.6300466060638428]
[1.2608529329299927]
[2.2102510929107666]
[0.7150876522064209]
[0.03128659352660179]
[67.4621353149414]
[0.5982818007469177]
[3.6449294090270996]
[2.8503284454345703]
[2.7752301692962646]
[23.2862491607666]
[2.6431918144226074]
[2.4774928092956543]
[1.0970549583435059]
[4.8328776359558105]
[0.41633281111717224]
[0.9260175824165344]
[0.19312049448490143]
[0.38287875056266785]
[0.7880747318267822]
[1.1466423273086548]
[6.465303421020508]
[0.5578755736351013]
[1.106184720993042]
[0.920637845993042]
[0.26317790150642395]
[7.991143703460693]
[1.281321406364441]
[0.21555955708026886]
[0.3984431028366089]
[0.4961719512939453]
[22.521108627319336]
[4.989572048187256]
[1.4027032852172852]
[0.12321499735116959]
[1.8571380376815796]
[2.2501821517944336]
[1.6769769191741943]
[0.5263128876686096]
[0.4980279207229614]
[0.3334203362464905]
[156.77203369140625]
[1.7439842224121094]
[9.234963417053223]
[0.8554575443267822]
[1.0508705377578735]
[0.28511589765548706]
[0.819661557674408]
[1.1798385381698608]
[1.573502540588379]
[8.863863945007324]
[0.12432166188955307]
[1.7233198881149292]
[2.1935837268829346]
[6.371078968048096]
[5.844964504241943]
[0.07606146484613419]
[13.066112518310547]
[2.7435083389282227]
[0.6891566514968872]
[1.758819580078125]
[0.3772890567779541]
[110.9853515625]
[10.821656227111816]
[66.49822998046875]
[7.566854953765869]
[2.204681396484375]
[3.839308500289917]
[0.4640800356864929]
[0.5705517530441284]
[2.364661931991577]
[3.5248546600341797]
[0.45445674657821655]
[1.2536863088607788]
[4.487044811248779]
[0.693779468536377]
[6.194445610046387]
[3.8252358436584473]
[1.168162226676941]
[1.6904350519180298]
[3.074873924255371]
[1.4659086465835571]
[1.5049399137496948]
[2.2454943656921387]
[0.41478148102760315]
[1.9923330545425415]
[0.5921108722686768]
[0.28170472383499146]
[2.605280876159668]
[8.641243934631348]
[36.13850021362305]
[0.9091792106628418]
[0.6748450398445129]
[0.6805307865142822]
[1.0053492784500122]
[3.620429277420044]
[1.3028836250305176]
[2.4739890098571777]
[2.132589817047119]
[1.76564359664917]
[72.62576293945312]
[1.6897753477096558]
[1.216637134552002]
[0.3094926178455353]
[5.520965576171875]
[1.0911933183670044]
[0.2389851212501526]
[6.548567295074463]
[3.52811336517334]
[0.5766730308532715]
[1.2299442291259766]
[1.6870222091674805]
[0.2949507236480713]
[1.688687801361084]
[0.6589312553405762]
[1.6317332983016968]
[17.0416202545166]
[0.5008695125579834]
[7.512390613555908]
[0.19773490726947784]
[0.2814619541168213]
[0.6043586134910583]
[88.98954772949219]
[4.113880157470703]
[0.6785460114479065]
[2.5146865844726562]
[1.1262911558151245]
[2.0296874046325684]
[3.456955909729004]
[4.021918773651123]
[1.4743094444274902]
[70.68000793457031]
[0.32084405422210693]
[59.785247802734375]
[294.4676208496094]
[4.896142959594727]
[1.8838508129119873]
[1.1081374883651733]
[0.9090676307678223]
[3.308154582977295]
[2.3423430919647217]
[41.71149826049805]
[62.02085494995117]
[0.7958904504776001]
[1.010496973991394]
[0.6317609548568726]
[80.44994354248047]
[1.480780839920044]
[0.5916027426719666]
[2.51665997505188]
[2.270925998687744]
[0.17512920498847961]
[12.277298927307129]
[5.030738830566406]
[4.006204128265381]
[2.0062053203582764]
[2.016481399536133]
[3.1113836765289307]
[1.4681406021118164]
[9.710715293884277]
[2.5745363235473633]
[0.2534237205982208]
[150.98377990722656]
[11.520641326904297]
[0.868285059928894]
[0.6650646328926086]
[9.682811737060547]
[4.838520526885986]
[22.18505096435547]
[1.0397772789001465]
[68.71920013427734]
[4.510263442993164]
[0.5475452542304993]
[2.3734078407287598]
[6.782669544219971]
[0.6915261745452881]
[1.7110316753387451]
[2.91493558883667]
[2.5618646144866943]
[1.9250967502593994]
[1.1577023267745972]
[0.673663318157196]
[5.354659557342529]
[3.381484270095825]
[6.048769950866699]
[1.1902580261230469]
[0.9168108105659485]
[0.1540868729352951]
[1.7752918004989624]
[1.2490167617797852]
[2.547715187072754]
[0.39651548862457275]
[187.2796630859375]
[0.4357164800167084]
[1.8436442613601685]
[7.4832329750061035]
[176.2584228515625]
[0.22726163268089294]
[3.3167924880981445]
[0.7467115521430969]
[0.4524308145046234]
[5.8828935623168945]
[3.3373918533325195]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[10.39159870147705]
[3.7561278343200684]
[129.93365478515625]
[110.47366333007812]
[2.069378137588501]
[31.00857162475586]
[205.38987731933594]
[3.359983205795288]
[1.8340381383895874]
[0.249137744307518]
[9.736919403076172]
[2.571046829223633]
[20.645090103149414]
[2.4921343326568604]
[0.7562184929847717]
[19.46785545349121]
[4.158975124359131]
[1.9270445108413696]
[22.646011352539062]
[1.8956409692764282]
[5.087064743041992]
[3.3816051483154297]
[0.15295030176639557]
[2.9157440662384033]
[0.9946674108505249]
[0.4438287019729614]
[2.317230701446533]
[1.2574414014816284]
[1.3816410303115845]
[8.066428184509277]
[2.906324863433838]
[73.24041748046875]
[1.2809425592422485]
[0.1505199521780014]
[1.7887144088745117]
[6.326641082763672]
[3.677278995513916]
[7.588411331176758]
[0.5812134146690369]
[0.422480046749115]
[2.5780444145202637]
[4.816526889801025]
[11.308466911315918]
[1.2309316396713257]
[8.614811897277832]
[2.0237483978271484]
[2.9520089626312256]
[1.120853066444397]
[7.556296348571777]
[1.951746940612793]
[0.7495416402816772]
[0.19584757089614868]
[3.6184332370758057]
[7.336766242980957]
[2.8437280654907227]
[1.410068392753601]
[2.5126588344573975]
[1.0439000129699707]
[64.99185943603516]
[59.57608413696289]
[1.3507561683654785]
[0.9316093325614929]
[11.516871452331543]
[0.4258747100830078]
[0.6456475853919983]
[0.7193126678466797]
[2.2504868507385254]
[1.4552490711212158]
[1.2481622695922852]
[4.613132953643799]
[1.0946683883666992]
[0.4573219418525696]
[1.537258267402649]
[4.373952865600586]
[7.366339206695557]
[85.54113006591797]
[97.67780303955078]
[1.0868890285491943]
[0.05968159809708595]
[2.009113311767578]
[0.22082698345184326]
[2.5715978145599365]
[97.79813385009766]
[0.6301774978637695]
[96.34722900390625]
[58.75838851928711]
[0.7562569975852966]
[1.60976243019104]
[0.9151942729949951]
[8.385915756225586]
[0.4391646087169647]
[2.1940832138061523]
[33.65113830566406]
[0.21510063111782074]
[30.499954223632812]
[4.248185157775879]
[0.34169676899909973]
[1.5287669897079468]
[9.301417350769043]
[1.559841513633728]
[1.3585619926452637]
[1.181538701057434]
[1.9662748575210571]
[0.37308064103126526]
[76.41425323486328]
[2.010126829147339]
[4.80595588684082]
[75.79484558105469]
[22.245460510253906]
[5.188392162322998]
[11.910063743591309]
[3.217555284500122]
[0.3870116174221039]
[81.74165344238281]
[19.403987884521484]
[0.16230455040931702]
[3.153210401535034]
[0.9757636189460754]
[1.4019845724105835]
[1.8564114570617676]
[2.1544876098632812]
[5.602491855621338]
[125.6961898803711]
[6.765241622924805]
[0.26230040192604065]
[2.5686841011047363]
[0.4053514897823334]
[4.238245964050293]
[2.567610740661621]
[0.3738390803337097]
[2.296625852584839]
[1.8935649394989014]
[7.452265739440918]
[109.02677917480469]
[0.5338954925537109]
[0.5189171433448792]
[2.6449997425079346]
[1.560549259185791]
[0.4025121331214905]
[4.788638114929199]
[0.528567373752594]
[69.18363952636719]
[3.203371047973633]
[9.574542999267578]
[0.6512897610664368]
[1.9378563165664673]
[6.207232475280762]
[2.6829700469970703]
[2.7385647296905518]
[1.0360045433044434]
[9.048730850219727]
[17.33048439025879]
[3.1305882930755615]
[1.0403954982757568]
[113.16636657714844]
[112.2764663696289]
[67.8746337890625]
[41.5157470703125]
[1704.4693603515625]
[28.634803771972656]
[0.20887479186058044]
[7.081396102905273]
[7.203821182250977]
[3.68496036529541]
[11.404792785644531]
[16.749670028686523]
[5.443746566772461]
[2.5089876651763916]
[20.09194564819336]
[16.22258186340332]
[33.11464309692383]
[3.8225603103637695]
[193.10714721679688]
[35.197872161865234]
[18.253149032592773]
[9.448821067810059]
[265.1651306152344]
[17.105777740478516]
[16.661792755126953]
[0.6560921669006348]
[20.60201644897461]
[19.093725204467773]
[1.460097312927246]
[107.57208251953125]
[6.0247039794921875]
[28.201644897460938]
[14.261153221130371]
[1.564029574394226]
[54.54256820678711]
[0.28747808933258057]
[2.7040679454803467]
[16.711816787719727]
[20.206281661987305]
[1.2967904806137085]
[34.004940032958984]
[14.465190887451172]
[4.439943313598633]
[5.875405311584473]
[2.631988525390625]
[149.3438720703125]
[5.890720844268799]
[26.648033142089844]
[10.564610481262207]
[0.5535905361175537]
[7.064265251159668]
[10.238752365112305]
[14.748586654663086]
[78.46056365966797]
[5.712765693664551]
[9.223278999328613]
[4.577548503875732]
[1.2539031505584717]
[48.71210861206055]
[37.56529235839844]
[3.5781521797180176]
[10.344779968261719]
[0.47499123215675354]
[61.45607376098633]
[2.0665879249572754]
[0.5560146570205688]
[5.79484748840332]
[7.093871593475342]
[2.884434223175049]
[4.455244064331055]
[5.898381233215332]
[0.3083399832248688]
[6.174100875854492]
[1.0724321603775024]
[0.332124799489975]
[1.0398180484771729]
[13.915153503417969]
[4.319080352783203]
[10.230506896972656]
[3.8600046634674072]
[7.048685073852539]
[0.8482133746147156]
[3.3607213497161865]
[5.3382792472839355]
[1.3313226699829102]
[5.261114597320557]
[530.1314086914062]
[3.956265926361084]
[5.213751316070557]
[78.43080139160156]
[2.7891433238983154]
[1.0396381616592407]
[5.144594669342041]
[71.08231353759766]
[2.165067672729492]
[8.917667388916016]
[0.16730110347270966]
[13.447365760803223]
[5.938633918762207]
[225.12374877929688]
[0.9811398983001709]
[2.5463109016418457]
[9.73893928527832]
[1.2019926309585571]
[3.589154005050659]
[9.524582862854004]
[0.4554574489593506]
[1.723612666130066]
[65.81452941894531]
[4.741100788116455]
[0.3528591990470886]
[5.136293888092041]
[0.4539596140384674]
[0.5572660565376282]
[3.1357343196868896]
[0.9073415398597717]
[7.694378852844238]
[1.6674423217773438]
[3.440037250518799]
[5.952694892883301]
[2.4739294052124023]
[1.502434492111206]
[60.034629821777344]
[2.583770513534546]
[25.030986785888672]
[3.2393362522125244]
[10.01009464263916]
[1.9898849725723267]
[1.564968466758728]
[0.5201166272163391]
[0.02527518942952156]
[4.8140716552734375]
[1.3681472539901733]
[4.900369167327881]
[0.6526270508766174]
[2.006899356842041]
[2.503385305404663]
[6.06202507019043]
[59.69672393798828]
[0.13592775166034698]
[0.05913950130343437]
[1.2934068441390991]
[1.4267020225524902]
[4.674683094024658]
[1.7585316896438599]
[2.119720935821533]
[0.436255544424057]
[0.5985127687454224]
[74.8741226196289]
[3.5611050128936768]
[7.699310779571533]
[0.05529383197426796]
[2.4783177375793457]
[0.319210946559906]
[102.64854431152344]
[2.9110805988311768]
[85.46881866455078]
[2.694106101989746]
[0.2578972280025482]
[0.8469843864440918]
[11.393223762512207]
[4.696166038513184]
[2.545818567276001]
[5.1636433601379395]
[2.2077550888061523]
[2.4539144039154053]
[156.9064483642578]
[0.42328396439552307]
[0.1629725694656372]
[0.2076946645975113]
[0.22629329562187195]
[1.5074174404144287]
[0.5559645295143127]
[9.461670875549316]
[2.0064878463745117]
[1.2605209350585938]
[0.41417479515075684]
[2.107834577560425]
[0.9335131049156189]
[0.8012569546699524]
[0.11348976939916611]
[1.6440201997756958]
[3.2948172092437744]
[0.2923993468284607]
[1.1836292743682861]
[5.7339677810668945]
[86.6710433959961]
[19.51282501220703]
[7.1716084480285645]
[0.24299736320972443]
[2.778311252593994]
[0.4269068241119385]
[0.7701181173324585]
[0.3815454840660095]
[0.6854419112205505]
[0.5109644532203674]
[0.826063871383667]
[14.368045806884766]
[1.3052624464035034]
[4.575128555297852]
[9.4550199508667]
[0.29209259152412415]
[0.6296260952949524]
[29.276582717895508]
[1.6712788343429565]
[60.41643524169922]
[0.8486810326576233]
[2.6576316356658936]
[0.8587613105773926]
[49.56260681152344]
[3.1119589805603027]
[3.6331307888031006]
[2.424671173095703]
[0.4099416434764862]
[1.944329023361206]
[2.8382081985473633]
[2.943690299987793]
[9.536646842956543]
[204.7269744873047]
[2.15194034576416]
[9.603198051452637]
[83.1004409790039]
[0.09013011306524277]
[60.59486770629883]
[1.4213513135910034]
[2.2523982524871826]
[4.911559581756592]
[6.730128765106201]
[17.37948989868164]
[3.9424028396606445]
[0.8485492467880249]
[0.3864000737667084]
[8.498376846313477]
[164.47671508789062]
[1.8215886354446411]
[1.1458433866500854]
[0.40935906767845154]
[0.5700870752334595]
[1.0096932649612427]
[3.4410815238952637]
[0.8822569847106934]
[4.505856037139893]
[72.75137329101562]
[199.4668426513672]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.8903215527534485]
[118.58733367919922]
[97.2614974975586]
[0.06820401549339294]
[0.7512613534927368]
[2.075929641723633]
[1.9635865688323975]
[0.4471112787723541]
[1.6843910217285156]
[5.705775737762451]
[0.9874242544174194]
[2.5952301025390625]
[0.5047167539596558]
[1.2000141143798828]
[1.5541125535964966]
[7.967562675476074]
[2.5071895122528076]
[4.838571071624756]
[19.074874877929688]
[0.48049771785736084]
[1.0889085531234741]
[0.39904603362083435]
[8.792147636413574]
[0.7382363677024841]
[7.830512523651123]
[12.386617660522461]
[73.00348663330078]
[1.2336275577545166]
[1.048109769821167]
[0.7766581177711487]
[1.5000957250595093]
[5.0968732833862305]
[150.72044372558594]
[0.1210872009396553]
[8.596527099609375]
[0.18240982294082642]
[69.28656005859375]
[1.7820053100585938]
[2.450148820877075]
[4.307286262512207]
[0.8988466858863831]
[1.4187182188034058]
[0.24253395199775696]
[76.36568450927734]
[0.2033464014530182]
[168.69964599609375]
[0.5106360912322998]
[1.8379040956497192]
[2.6788132190704346]
[59.579891204833984]
[2.2774248123168945]
[2.1932196617126465]
[2.6510589122772217]
[0.4035516083240509]
[1.4415197372436523]
[1.3116087913513184]
[2.3369736671447754]
[1.1098463535308838]
[1116.3883056640625]
[0.4739190340042114]
[1.6507209539413452]
[16.001184463500977]
[22.852941513061523]
[0.7235126495361328]
[5.3430585861206055]
[0.5462229251861572]
[1.445328950881958]
[2.7062020301818848]
[7.513814926147461]
[1.2833629846572876]
[3.4829583168029785]
[18.93657684326172]
[18.126911163330078]
[46.17827606201172]
[9.511502265930176]
[0.8051921725273132]
[12.21589469909668]
[5.362048149108887]
[36.6206169128418]
[18.043333053588867]
[131.00634765625]
[119.91738891601562]
[23.321313858032227]
[11.155224800109863]
[17.36830711364746]
[4.4812397956848145]
[0.620053768157959]
[1.2188762426376343]
[0.333592027425766]
[1.6518610715866089]
[1.952213168144226]
[14.701393127441406]
[1.108847737312317]
[2.5217950344085693]
[6.668878078460693]
[26.29181671142578]
[8.716442108154297]
[0.5186774730682373]
[2.007658004760742]
[4.637087345123291]
[34.517356872558594]
[88.81929016113281]
[10.304648399353027]
[8.524299621582031]
[90.79399108886719]
[69.22100830078125]
[5.006679534912109]
[3.092980146408081]
[8.194939613342285]
[0.1073889285326004]
[66.81491088867188]
[3.3738467693328857]
[7.191729545593262]
[10.024667739868164]
[4.675343990325928]
[22.17776107788086]
[1.8541172742843628]
[5.372720241546631]
[11.225839614868164]
[0.4521487355232239]
[9.822250366210938]
[0.6794120073318481]
[2.7287967205047607]
[4.886547088623047]
[1.5240609645843506]
[9.916855812072754]
[0.7030167579650879]
[1.0120148658752441]
[0.6274032592773438]
[18.002838134765625]
[0.6305327415466309]
[1.7875961065292358]
[0.2077440321445465]
[264.2818298339844]
[2.0420784950256348]
[0.8816840648651123]
[1.7633256912231445]
[11.74693489074707]
[0.7304276823997498]
[0.6187275052070618]
[6.264430999755859]
[0.5028179883956909]
[2.502906560897827]
[3.773366928100586]
[0.8356541395187378]
[0.44846415519714355]
[1.687617540359497]
[13.287337303161621]
[11.174107551574707]
[6.232168197631836]
[0.7036205530166626]
[1.9578378200531006]
[1.1288042068481445]
[4.084177017211914]
[1.3362622261047363]
[67.03080749511719]
[0.24212054908275604]
[9.166974067687988]
[38.188575744628906]
[134.96678161621094]
[0.2062363177537918]
[1.543785572052002]
[1.1898975372314453]
[35.09927749633789]
[15.957893371582031]
[0.8108615875244141]
[7.445171356201172]
[10.004376411437988]
[0.8289073705673218]
[4.346248626708984]
[1.7861557006835938]
[0.5053399801254272]
[2.7615349292755127]
[0.6152937412261963]
[58.174129486083984]
[0.7539715766906738]
[2.6051573753356934]
[3.260674238204956]
[5.574273586273193]
[0.2264287918806076]
[1.1777310371398926]
[1.7921130657196045]
[5.3305816650390625]
[0.46300193667411804]
[204.88023376464844]
[205.9609832763672]
[0.44902342557907104]
[3.9331297874450684]
[5.713234901428223]
[1.4859819412231445]
[14.640312194824219]
[0.7558127641677856]
[1.0313658714294434]
[1.5284098386764526]
[2.3212227821350098]
[3.784263849258423]
[7.167943000793457]
[1.6057863235473633]
[0.7139857411384583]
[1.7166450023651123]
[1.3097954988479614]
[24.83319854736328]
[0.6446124315261841]
[115.57654571533203]
[0.9799850583076477]
[14.379809379577637]
[0.39486369490623474]
[63.089927673339844]
[0.36017635464668274]
[1.359718680381775]
[0.07651963084936142]
[0.37688571214675903]
[8.490538597106934]
[74.32010650634766]
[1.1511695384979248]
[0.5274963974952698]
[1.8927972316741943]
[1.3343812227249146]
[0.8281760215759277]
[120.0325698852539]
[1.4477052688598633]
[66.59844970703125]
[0.15390285849571228]
[0.0728028267621994]
[25.9586181640625]
[55.58229064941406]
[2.1104226112365723]
[24.61334228515625]
[97.07563781738281]
[0.3154074549674988]
[1.1606673002243042]
[109.31329345703125]
[0.10276651382446289]
[0.09913043677806854]
[1.0132453441619873]
[0.7213780879974365]
[1.2983694076538086]
[0.2551431953907013]
[1.2287499904632568]
[36.889930725097656]
[3.7018120288848877]
[5.858392238616943]
[65.40402221679688]
[1.669580101966858]
[3.519728899002075]
[1.7063496112823486]
[0.9610061645507812]
[6.5244035720825195]
[0.5409724116325378]
[2.340360403060913]
[9.375975608825684]
[0.12900255620479584]
[0.5560078620910645]
[2.617863178253174]
[8.737171173095703]
[0.6840032339096069]
[2.326415777206421]
[4.535708427429199]
[0.4428075850009918]
[226.01602172851562]
[2.9206924438476562]
[3.660951614379883]
[0.18412914872169495]
[0.01680414192378521]
[2.6096580028533936]
[0.6570461988449097]
[8.299206733703613]
[7.798894882202148]
[1.8847110271453857]
[0.8547990918159485]
[10.873055458068848]
[40.07732391357422]
[0.20128150284290314]
[0.8922070264816284]
[0.8138861060142517]
[2.9643545150756836]
[5.934852123260498]
[73.41339111328125]
[3.946368932723999]
[0.27106615900993347]
[0.9495335221290588]
[1.2894058227539062]
[0.31925883889198303]
[1.039894461631775]
[0.6853998303413391]
[1.9373480081558228]
[0.4256434142589569]
[0.31099194288253784]
[5.28695821762085]
[0.354280561208725]
[8.143759727478027]
[0.19716110825538635]
[0.3944404721260071]
[1.128557801246643]
[0.1933664083480835]
[0.46191123127937317]
[0.6298093199729919]
[2.0272061824798584]
[0.4268089234828949]
[0.2949868142604828]
[0.3345959484577179]
[1.8981640338897705]
[3.0733721256256104]
[54.859527587890625]
[2.3604953289031982]
[0.5173664093017578]
[0.22530125081539154]
[1.3655918836593628]
[0.026617221534252167]
[4.730426788330078]
[5.3248066902160645]
[0.27862194180488586]
[0.574209988117218]
[2.0614824295043945]
[0.38060450553894043]
[104.77635955810547]
[0.5144005417823792]
[3.8373711109161377]
[4.511597156524658]
[0.5453876852989197]
[51.3237190246582]
[2.4777143001556396]
[0.33818545937538147]
[7.08968448638916]
[0.6015531420707703]
[108.21558380126953]
[8.909926414489746]
[6.933072090148926]
[1.1987072229385376]
[0.4728275537490845]
[0.20820379257202148]
[2.840879201889038]
[7.328079700469971]
[0.22185403108596802]
[0.2690713405609131]
[1.0075761079788208]
[2.6130154132843018]
[87.43313598632812]
[212.61326599121094]
[8.30461311340332]
[0.7234950065612793]
[1.9959821701049805]
[1.8118470907211304]
[1.4442516565322876]
[0.23497015237808228]
[8.948319435119629]
[2.755012273788452]
[48.72408676147461]
[0.4651666581630707]
[0.7800559997558594]
[2.3306734561920166]
[4.3139190673828125]
[7.569438934326172]
[4.454527854919434]
[2.5865590572357178]
[1.46211576461792]
[6.986362934112549]
[767.43896484375]
[9.78341293334961]
[0.6443440318107605]
[4.389604568481445]
[15.655298233032227]
[2.676922082901001]
[0.510942816734314]
[4.178875923156738]
[0.6113927960395813]
[48.964420318603516]
[0.2693161070346832]
[0.5692435503005981]
[2.3206586837768555]
[0.3621528148651123]
[0.5898832678794861]
[3.623325824737549]
[0.5298458337783813]
[4.8566741943359375]
[79.60474395751953]
[4.050037860870361]
[3.6671648025512695]
[2.22184157371521]
[33.29622268676758]
[7.91395378112793]
[93.37638854980469]
[1.32110595703125]
[0.3671618402004242]
[60.175411224365234]
[72.55419158935547]
[0.7673007249832153]
[1.22910737991333]
[0.8903353810310364]
[0.5291787981987]
[1.731951117515564]
[115.68901062011719]
[3.160062313079834]
[11.488298416137695]
[2.312933921813965]
[11.138304710388184]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.1836529970169067]
[43.874046325683594]
[1.4026808738708496]
[4.3172831535339355]
[1.0304105281829834]
[1.1503608226776123]
[4.041105270385742]
[0.36232897639274597]
[0.7170961499214172]
[4.925853729248047]
[2.2044403553009033]
[12.097338676452637]
[0.3559266924858093]
[0.17604100704193115]
[0.4394957423210144]
[3.360555648803711]
[0.22056688368320465]
[6.3044819831848145]
[70.93489837646484]
[2.638187885284424]
[1.395283818244934]
[1.734201192855835]
[2.175382375717163]
[1.2807542085647583]
[2.9271862506866455]
[0.24671655893325806]
[27.644994735717773]
[0.9833037853240967]
[1.5836665630340576]
[3.1625921726226807]
[2.6909685134887695]
[0.7198916077613831]
[0.9036772847175598]
[2.131112575531006]
[0.3013156056404114]
[1.1540892124176025]
[55.32997512817383]
[3.8599462509155273]
[10.28866958618164]
[0.8697330355644226]
[1.9537522792816162]
[5.614092826843262]
[6.045537948608398]
[3.773909091949463]
[0.7226054668426514]
[0.7312897443771362]
[0.9998371601104736]
[3.4474685192108154]
[0.33268192410469055]
[55.9968147277832]
[0.4844512939453125]
[7.440194606781006]
[0.25920361280441284]
[0.4769202768802643]
[1.1095139980316162]
[0.0780525803565979]
[0.6577677726745605]
[0.09472250938415527]
[0.27243608236312866]
[0.7350932955741882]
[26.2648868560791]
[1.3415886163711548]
[0.38668301701545715]
[0.28668269515037537]
[4.367330551147461]
[2.4543607234954834]
[5.933783054351807]
[447.3711853027344]
[0.4451964199542999]
[18.594249725341797]
[0.30222180485725403]
[1.8077312707901]
[0.6528930068016052]
[38.44974136352539]
[1.3902029991149902]
[53.171234130859375]
[0.8916540741920471]
[2.8995413780212402]
[138.40481567382812]
[0.028753476217389107]
[1.7379870414733887]
[2.4350202083587646]
[1.7440792322158813]
[5.563619613647461]
[2.9853029251098633]
[2.4022226333618164]
[62.345420837402344]
[2.7691824436187744]
[165.02378845214844]
[0.3958851099014282]
[6.473780632019043]
[5.51766300201416]
[1.1751105785369873]
[0.9409257769584656]
[1.7329803705215454]
[1.359316110610962]
[6.7684502601623535]
[7.392783164978027]
[0.9823569655418396]
[31.240751266479492]
[1.7057914733886719]
[2.478192090988159]
[1.1836283206939697]
[1.127220869064331]
[2.527662515640259]
[1.1527003049850464]
[1.223156213760376]
[1.3234139680862427]
[1.2073701620101929]
[1.238450288772583]
[2.3292648792266846]
[59.08961868286133]
[170.50625610351562]
[0.029399320483207703]
[1.0454230308532715]
[0.24859638512134552]
[0.4340314567089081]
[99.14226531982422]
[5.742741107940674]
[2.0909152030944824]
[1.48563814163208]
[1.4039174318313599]
[1.4796452522277832]
[0.43083590269088745]
[3.11220645904541]
[3.275589942932129]
[2.528538703918457]
[1.2805689573287964]
[1.7796320915222168]
[0.3952544033527374]
[140.9001007080078]
[5.90308952331543]
[1.2988356351852417]
[2.954484462738037]
[1.574253797531128]
[0.4800540506839752]
[0.6312295794487]
[0.6439706683158875]
[0.640109658241272]
[0.03264550119638443]
[1.313893437385559]
[0.35990405082702637]
[0.4682037830352783]
[8.105815887451172]
[4.145048141479492]
[1.5437670946121216]
[29.5730037689209]
[1.789103388786316]
[2.928704261779785]
[1.0663459300994873]
[0.3615092933177948]
[56.138275146484375]
[2.0014095306396484]
[11.473984718322754]
[2.8170180320739746]
[56.24443054199219]
[11.862171173095703]
[9.143628120422363]
[56.3341178894043]
[0.8948505520820618]
[8.074334144592285]
[0.34530091285705566]
[1.1878156661987305]
[2.176208019256592]
[96.05643463134766]
[0.5361230969429016]
[2.421492576599121]
[6.026269912719727]
[99.6652603149414]
[2.8275973796844482]
[0.5836607217788696]
[2.1040608882904053]
[0.6355510950088501]
[6.783893585205078]
[1.0970797538757324]
[12.698537826538086]
[0.318273663520813]
[0.48865601420402527]
[0.5425360202789307]
[0.9920498728752136]
[27.26739501953125]
[2.461989641189575]
[1.5542129278182983]
[4.878136157989502]
[56.412742614746094]
[3.1693897247314453]
[0.20150834321975708]
[0.5619368553161621]
[65.74686431884766]
[0.12724988162517548]
[0.28687965869903564]
[2.3076510429382324]
[1.693888545036316]
[226.28787231445312]
[5.051184177398682]
[0.12517426908016205]
[0.3679368495941162]
[5.760115146636963]
[0.19045095145702362]
[0.6137958765029907]
[0.1188354566693306]
[1.2533751726150513]
[1.2106126546859741]
[0.8900023102760315]
[1.7258259057998657]
[0.3576607406139374]
[6.71047830581665]
[0.2542726397514343]
[0.5186975598335266]
[36.048439025878906]
[5.861870288848877]
[0.9183099269866943]
[56.556941986083984]
[1.4975440502166748]
[1.1608128547668457]
[0.33290135860443115]
[0.5043294429779053]
[0.01269915234297514]
[0.09678272157907486]
[6.7926740646362305]
[5.477321147918701]
[0.9228934645652771]
[5.369523525238037]
[24.18292808532715]
[0.6358164548873901]
[1.5950422286987305]
[0.405778169631958]
[1.7894972562789917]
[97.4233627319336]
[6.291402816772461]
[0.8691679239273071]
[0.3436824679374695]
[0.3175654113292694]
[1.861836552619934]
[0.5336638689041138]
[1.0073628425598145]
[0.9439889788627625]
[2.692164897918701]
[3.450143337249756]
[0.3462415337562561]
[0.39037400484085083]
[0.4869956076145172]
[2.500296115875244]
[0.243904247879982]
[61.8477783203125]
[5.092283725738525]
[6.651672840118408]
[1.4172532558441162]
[0.47296908497810364]
[1.485084056854248]
[25.453575134277344]
[40.55645751953125]
[22.087913513183594]
[1.3994793891906738]
[77.0496597290039]
[10.851995468139648]
[193.95791625976562]
[1.3672245740890503]
[0.48288750648498535]
[72.773681640625]
[0.5283206701278687]
[4.644463062286377]
[0.8680916428565979]
[0.49323713779449463]
[0.21469604969024658]
[52.891990661621094]
[25.53963851928711]
[1.5420289039611816]
[0.17233861982822418]
[5.792683124542236]
[2.0591206550598145]
[0.5991722345352173]
[0.6770215630531311]
[0.6083000302314758]
[1.2689478397369385]
[69.81367492675781]
[1.4311641454696655]
[0.29089295864105225]
[7.119277477264404]
[1.1684520244598389]
[6.716119289398193]
[0.8558632731437683]
[33.375640869140625]
[0.2090556025505066]
[1.3330261707305908]
[7.184833526611328]
[11.051875114440918]
[4.779627323150635]
[0.6434028744697571]
[0.5517432689666748]
[10.716999053955078]
[0.2509232759475708]
[0.3110297620296478]
[1.5829932689666748]
[1.106215476989746]
[1.3172839879989624]
[0.25320401787757874]
[8.004311561584473]
[0.3875389099121094]
[0.965961754322052]
[0.8263449668884277]
[0.1634882390499115]
[64.05135345458984]
[9.129980087280273]
[0.5766385793685913]
[1.3215012550354004]
[1.0697250366210938]
[1.7867116928100586]
[52.989131927490234]
[86.1279525756836]
[6.815227031707764]
[6.4729719161987305]
[0.06753364205360413]
[0.275757759809494]
[3.461886405944824]
[0.26976028084754944]
[0.1790808141231537]
[0.6933047771453857]
[2.074042558670044]
[1.819382667541504]
[48.223514556884766]
[1.600358247756958]
[22.686811447143555]
[17.586483001708984]
[1.2025989294052124]
[1.1264020204544067]
[6.674685001373291]
[0.4551999270915985]
[0.16874855756759644]
[1.0454018115997314]
[1.221591591835022]
[2.0906622409820557]
[0.7691361904144287]
[1.5573015213012695]
[78.28483581542969]
[128.93048095703125]
[1.1107797622680664]
[0.6651377081871033]
[0.5023152828216553]
[0.39284035563468933]
[0.2795169949531555]
[0.7840613722801208]
[0.6731559038162231]
[9.854474067687988]
[54.71707534790039]
[1.338757038116455]
[0.4095827043056488]
[0.3386589288711548]
[0.5774076581001282]
[0.5937690138816833]
[0.7423317432403564]
[0.45991772413253784]
[21.14044952392578]
[1.1976786851882935]
[57.411224365234375]
[0.7164167165756226]
[0.3274303674697876]
[0.7303147315979004]
[0.5189864039421082]
[0.08765030652284622]
[0.7334849834442139]
[0.6917255520820618]
[0.6212113499641418]
[75.7804183959961]
[0.42255786061286926]
[0.1264658421278]
[1.2751575708389282]
[2.045693874359131]
[0.5089573860168457]
[0.13549832999706268]
[0.45206835865974426]
[0.5739530920982361]
[0.4852370023727417]
[2.7089104652404785]
[2.1615545749664307]
[5.200474739074707]
[0.36008498072624207]
[1.4618217945098877]
[62.472877502441406]
[3.9622390270233154]
[29.926925659179688]
[11.15863037109375]
[17.18926429748535]
[0.330581933259964]
[0.6222183108329773]
[0.4434430003166199]
[11.985856056213379]
[0.25651246309280396]
[0.1909034103155136]
[20.63382339477539]
[1.496030569076538]
[2.927946090698242]
[2.979531764984131]
[0.4669376015663147]
[1.59171462059021]
[0.4294120669364929]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.6350433826446533]
[10.754079818725586]
[0.144753098487854]
[1.530967116355896]
[0.4990893304347992]
[9.607362747192383]
[0.5359189510345459]
[14.640650749206543]
[1.0902323722839355]
[9.566611289978027]
[3.388293743133545]
[73.337158203125]
[9.115217208862305]
[1.1233203411102295]
[3.7607240676879883]
[0.8462918996810913]
[0.8677650690078735]
[0.04121377319097519]
[0.44502854347229004]
[2.6650660037994385]
[5.729908466339111]
[1.5651963949203491]
[47.39775466918945]
[1.3739417791366577]
[63.754188537597656]
[0.28015023469924927]
[0.40843844413757324]
[12.2791748046875]
[0.3346311151981354]
[0.07589264214038849]
[0.11216171085834503]
[6.086837291717529]
[0.31102633476257324]
[2.033461809158325]
[0.15780794620513916]
[23.145103454589844]
[1.91422700881958]
[55.161224365234375]
[0.5646229386329651]
[0.13320370018482208]
[3.889500141143799]
[95.17741394042969]
[0.037213247269392014]
[0.36039626598358154]
[1.2218314409255981]
[0.48942816257476807]
[1.668676733970642]
[0.5628787279129028]
[2.2690818309783936]
[0.28074994683265686]
[0.18501287698745728]
[207.10226440429688]
[0.9039553999900818]
[5.268349647521973]
[1.0937902927398682]
[12.441420555114746]
[1.2080328464508057]
[0.4458320140838623]
[1.0450154542922974]
[5.17352294921875]
[0.4861616790294647]
[4.892339706420898]
[0.15380914509296417]
[0.5788258910179138]
[0.15263085067272186]
[0.9850670099258423]
[0.6927978992462158]
[1.095470905303955]
[27.43145179748535]
[0.339185893535614]
[3.899387836456299]
[3.440246820449829]
[600.4088134765625]
[1.5904803276062012]
[55.379817962646484]
[0.4058549106121063]
[2.0123183727264404]
[0.20245280861854553]
[1.8784347772598267]
[0.4629482328891754]
[0.6264470815658569]
[0.26551395654678345]
[2.280033588409424]
[7.004652500152588]
[3.5884082317352295]
[6.853454113006592]
[8.310149192810059]
[15.57438850402832]
[0.7470272779464722]
[0.1820669174194336]
[4.24476432800293]
[46.94154357910156]
[1.171851634979248]
[0.5175731778144836]
[11.25814437866211]
[1.9151231050491333]
[1.9633471965789795]
[3.94136118888855]
[4.826979160308838]
[15.791277885437012]
[1.8035277128219604]
[60.658016204833984]
[0.6911827325820923]
[0.2742898762226105]
[2.8575332164764404]
[4.2666707038879395]
[3.0038700103759766]
[1.7985339164733887]
[3.6481199264526367]
[2.9761643409729004]
[2.5290682315826416]
[6.891006946563721]
[16.280990600585938]
[32.38740921020508]
[1.7848832607269287]
[59.88131332397461]
[1.787318468093872]
[2.286283016204834]
[2.1267189979553223]
[10.33651351928711]
[0.10488609224557877]
[1.2552570104599]
[4.242023468017578]
[1.3059321641921997]
[3.55362606048584]
[62.646358489990234]
[0.7640211582183838]
[0.38064661622047424]
[0.9631611108779907]
[9.288479804992676]
[0.18380309641361237]
[21.56353187561035]
[1.6137264966964722]
[1.3052353858947754]
[1.3157902956008911]
[98.45116424560547]
[0.39002999663352966]
[94.84487915039062]
[0.5185197591781616]
[0.498434454202652]
[0.9436812400817871]
[0.482920378446579]
[0.19738858938217163]
[0.9135759472846985]
[0.7667022943496704]
[7.523937225341797]
[0.35179102420806885]
[0.30217093229293823]
[1.062361240386963]
[4.545808792114258]
[5.161477088928223]
[1.4133696556091309]
[5.0142502784729]
[22.634449005126953]
[0.2763729691505432]
[0.022251050919294357]
[4.291172981262207]
[0.8599027991294861]
[2.9442780017852783]
[0.16665241122245789]
[0.8443161845207214]
[0.6972497701644897]
[0.6942139267921448]
[0.2325153350830078]
[0.034843262284994125]
[1.4991072416305542]
[60.4303092956543]
[0.8805363178253174]
[0.15337887406349182]
[0.06786417961120605]
[1.7771096229553223]
[1.2099244594573975]
[1.6532907485961914]
[0.1084083840250969]
[4.72161865234375]
[1.9047857522964478]
[3.9636435508728027]
[61.814823150634766]
[3.261759042739868]
[3.8590919971466064]
[4.2377400398254395]
[0.5399423837661743]
[73.18882751464844]
[0.30472731590270996]
[0.11326024681329727]
[1.4078283309936523]
[0.040534839034080505]
[1.5378124713897705]
[4.469153881072998]
[10.460280418395996]
[0.3797908127307892]
[0.565244197845459]
[5.557113170623779]
[2.5832138061523438]
[0.8494981527328491]
[1.918408989906311]
[3.643019914627075]
[75.13933563232422]
[0.13135263323783875]
[1.428343653678894]
[30.06127166748047]
[5.360777378082275]
[0.21650272607803345]
[77.655029296875]
[59.18830490112305]
[0.2879432737827301]
[0.8479957580566406]
[0.8548914194107056]
[7.886117935180664]
[2.983494758605957]
[2.043468475341797]
[0.8069269061088562]
[0.23557905852794647]
[0.39372652769088745]
[43.77336120605469]
[59.58503723144531]
[0.8196247220039368]
[0.09818872809410095]
[0.5790524482727051]
[1.0415987968444824]
[0.800662636756897]
[0.3631927967071533]
[0.8286852836608887]
[1.7263245582580566]
[0.29560720920562744]
[0.5769092440605164]
[0.24679525196552277]
[213.7725830078125]
[0.7450175285339355]
[0.8738870024681091]
[2.833953619003296]
[7.407313346862793]
[0.5630987286567688]
[1.472185492515564]
[1.61661696434021]
[1.8726271390914917]
[7.593047618865967]
[8.427042961120605]
[0.848092257976532]
[5.873867034912109]
[0.981309175491333]
[0.40928104519844055]
[0.8716475963592529]
[42.315521240234375]
[0.7724912166595459]
[1.7676491737365723]
[0.08544310927391052]
[0.1443297415971756]
[0.09043724089860916]
[0.7121611833572388]
[0.7476789951324463]
[4.496145248413086]
[0.2434653341770172]
[0.7410531044006348]
[2.541543483734131]
[1.8320790529251099]
[0.7372697591781616]
[1.3345087766647339]
[0.04342423751950264]
[0.2101123034954071]
[0.16291409730911255]
[0.7292271256446838]
[0.8551247119903564]
[0.9971780180931091]
[3.956620454788208]
[3.3701372146606445]
[1.3201719522476196]
[0.4879940152168274]
[1.2597113847732544]
[93.92892456054688]
[33.28156661987305]
[2.560699462890625]
[0.9724830389022827]
[0.10649384558200836]
[0.34164538979530334]
[7.016154766082764]
[3.4347972869873047]
[128.059326171875]
[36.927818298339844]
[0.4185146987438202]
[0.14452427625656128]
[0.15121109783649445]
[3.018514633178711]
[0.33946987986564636]
[0.9344885945320129]
[0.8483293056488037]
[9.082473754882812]
[0.6008121371269226]
[0.8198675513267517]
[5.300928115844727]
[0.22615982592105865]
[29.751113891601562]
[1.3785346746444702]
[3.2185328006744385]
[1.4661389589309692]
[1.3769688606262207]
[4.367722988128662]
[0.8481300473213196]
[0.30844077467918396]
[4.555334091186523]
[3.5020856857299805]
[1.2169994115829468]
[4.389928340911865]
[6.646426200866699]
[6.703364849090576]
[69.31072998046875]
[33.201847076416016]
[0.6435228586196899]
[0.36579981446266174]
[2.0230562686920166]
[0.43453460931777954]
[2.0368154048919678]
[0.02671210840344429]
[10.608414649963379]
[0.18426364660263062]
[0.24637392163276672]
[1.2790056467056274]
[4.305749893188477]
[1.4318891763687134]
[1.1066397428512573]
[0.4777454733848572]
[0.1870390921831131]
[1.076860785484314]
[3.9946846961975098]
[0.7378179430961609]
[4.6296916007995605]
[0.5823877453804016]
[0.6433451771736145]
[1.4046701192855835]
[0.466695100069046]
[80.28517150878906]
[1.478187918663025]
[0.31989163160324097]
[0.1298435926437378]
[0.13240626454353333]
[0.4789625406265259]
[0.5681986808776855]
[1.3685669898986816]
[0.9911016821861267]
[1.9615665674209595]
[0.8581268787384033]
[0.02308230847120285]
[0.5336568355560303]
[2.783745527267456]
[0.5665407776832581]
[2.8533828258514404]
[0.7067950963973999]
[0.5886895656585693]
[46.9673957824707]
[1.4901726245880127]
[0.5763224959373474]
[3.3120179176330566]
[0.19539780914783478]
[1.243562936782837]
[4.7367048263549805]
[512.4140625]
[2.3673958778381348]
[0.676557183265686]
[74.56739044189453]
[11.3218355178833]
[1.4453911781311035]
[1.1157543659210205]
[3.6803629398345947]
[4.890264987945557]
[20.587753295898438]
[3.663940191268921]
[0.9903833866119385]
[3.1455183029174805]
[1.3861923217773438]
[3.0789809226989746]
[0.790895402431488]
[3.580983877182007]
[1.0658923387527466]
[27.12744140625]
[1.8749853372573853]
[0.02309170551598072]
[5.690136909484863]
[0.21362954378128052]
[2.1098122596740723]
[0.20745615661144257]
[0.40486183762550354]
[3.6595354080200195]
[3.6829028129577637]
[2.93874454498291]
[61.776180267333984]
[10.861379623413086]
[65.03301239013672]
[10.575300216674805]
[21.000289916992188]
[0.3510168790817261]
[0.8244200348854065]
[63.823734283447266]
[89.01941680908203]
[1.4134501218795776]
[0.4024443030357361]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[10.637506484985352]
[1.419527530670166]
[0.39044567942619324]
[3.866102695465088]
[15.564737319946289]
[2.501413345336914]
[0.5450699925422668]
[0.34677985310554504]
[2.157151222229004]
[18.641939163208008]
[8.233027458190918]
[0.3055422306060791]
[1.6744095087051392]
[0.5912595987319946]
[2.261218786239624]
[2.2995734214782715]
[1.027521014213562]
[0.8168603777885437]
[84.42533111572266]
[1.9539713859558105]
[1.2159827947616577]
[1.756726861000061]
[3.1721932888031006]
[3.112851142883301]
[0.5285012722015381]
[1.713612675666809]
[4.3380842208862305]
[1.7074635028839111]
[2.1113781929016113]
[9.375466346740723]
[104.82858276367188]
[1.6965439319610596]
[1.4344440698623657]
[1.7612816095352173]
[125.59652709960938]
[0.36200150847435]
[0.5228567719459534]
[5.787593841552734]
[0.443550705909729]
[6.444211006164551]
[0.14925000071525574]
[0.3435671925544739]
[0.13375025987625122]
[1.5465059280395508]
[0.449629545211792]
[1.5223661661148071]
[0.9566084146499634]
[0.14040179550647736]
[0.8306470513343811]
[1.4489049911499023]
[0.6688557267189026]
[1.0982837677001953]
[1.2133152484893799]
[0.43485042452812195]
[1.5273687839508057]
[79.4466323852539]
[3.3182003498077393]
[1.4204014539718628]
[0.409575492143631]
[3.5353870391845703]
[1.5455119609832764]
[0.2218291163444519]
[0.8866397738456726]
[0.2567855715751648]
[2.780102014541626]
[0.7399640679359436]
[1.6418298482894897]
[3.5757172107696533]
[306.7339782714844]
[12.150734901428223]
[21.819974899291992]
[1.848414421081543]
[16.219919204711914]
[59.78426742553711]
[0.6690946221351624]
[1.283737301826477]
[0.8816830515861511]
[83.32083129882812]
[3.264143466949463]
[6.645003795623779]
[135.90553283691406]
[7.697294235229492]
[0.66705322265625]
[1.365880012512207]
[0.26634538173675537]
[3.6595542430877686]
[3.3078110218048096]
[0.33591213822364807]
[0.1587713360786438]
[1.5169543027877808]
[0.6525611877441406]
[2.7381675243377686]
[0.21619363129138947]
[6.111047744750977]
[1.497841477394104]
[1.9738224744796753]
[5.23344612121582]
[0.2243182510137558]
[1.4410040378570557]
[2.411939859390259]
[4.859834671020508]
[0.07322301715612411]
[0.43717604875564575]
[0.058737147599458694]
[0.5833530426025391]
[2.6325597763061523]
[0.5732054710388184]
[0.15991054475307465]
[0.5792427659034729]
[0.42459478974342346]
[0.583281934261322]
[2.1351561546325684]
[0.11803208291530609]
[0.7166143655776978]
[117.19613647460938]
[1.9562336206436157]
[7.360586166381836]
[1.5960556268692017]
[2.1461997032165527]
[1.0417695045471191]
[1.081664800643921]
[0.020381679758429527]
[1.7939248085021973]
[0.6862071752548218]
[0.365295946598053]
[17.21803092956543]
[0.48648738861083984]
[8.376150131225586]
[1.2569059133529663]
[2.210296869277954]
[1.2429401874542236]
[0.048800982534885406]
[0.9573217034339905]
[5.521592617034912]
[0.4610075056552887]
[0.1489085704088211]
[2.957869291305542]
[1.0541518926620483]
[1.7930171489715576]
[1.3305420875549316]
[6.69441032409668]
[0.9069209098815918]
[1.9090646505355835]
[1.1834330558776855]
[1.9551717042922974]
[2.86041259765625]
[2.8084583282470703]
[129.8773193359375]
[7.29897928237915]
[2.4562325477600098]
[0.7969250679016113]
[1.8367458581924438]
[1.0910255908966064]
[65.57980346679688]
[0.8874567151069641]
[1.3782379627227783]
[1.0497658252716064]
[0.1771739423274994]
[0.08567670732736588]
[0.847719669342041]
[5.847508430480957]
[0.0864395871758461]
[1.569580078125]
[1.9539352655410767]
[0.6917315721511841]
[0.8845406174659729]
[4.205097675323486]
[52.52190399169922]
[2.3284265995025635]
[0.9333997368812561]
[2.9803061485290527]
[2.375960111618042]
[0.5259710550308228]
[0.9903473854064941]
[63.84868240356445]
[1.8325308561325073]
[0.1459093689918518]
[1.0267246961593628]
[0.6361531615257263]
[24.34778594970703]
[3.7576348781585693]
[0.1988135576248169]
[0.15655502676963806]
[4.945408821105957]
[0.9374496936798096]
[10.913374900817871]
[1.718644142150879]
[1.6463841199874878]
[0.3009989261627197]
[0.49194255471229553]
[1.4753161668777466]
[0.2623216211795807]
[26.521240234375]
[5.231359481811523]
[1.5560157299041748]
[0.21219821274280548]
[1.52422297000885]
[7.172116279602051]
[0.6114328503608704]
[0.13659359514713287]
[2.2674834728240967]
[0.23801808059215546]
[0.5067827701568604]
[1.055499792098999]
[0.07529151439666748]
[0.40484723448753357]
[0.2108588069677353]
[5.484849452972412]
[1.9269059896469116]
[2.6056013107299805]
[0.07124925404787064]
[0.47269192337989807]
[0.38504135608673096]
[3.933713436126709]
[0.4324370324611664]
[0.7751532196998596]
[0.8728463053703308]
[11.986759185791016]
[0.24760524928569794]
[5.967459201812744]
[3.0366177558898926]
[0.3753131031990051]
[0.12326086312532425]
[0.6032754778862]
[102.44190216064453]
[3.351641893386841]
[0.3027683198451996]
[4.287968635559082]
[124.18184661865234]
[0.16866764426231384]
[0.10977713763713837]
[0.18985871970653534]
[0.159214049577713]
[113.72067260742188]
[1.7017996311187744]
[2.11550235748291]
[1.7782467603683472]
[1.2662689685821533]
[55.750850677490234]
[0.8726763129234314]
[1.520578145980835]
[1.6391602754592896]
[1.2888609170913696]
[2.228959560394287]
[0.1771337389945984]
[12.379146575927734]
[3.2728371620178223]
[1.8357577323913574]
[9.879369735717773]
[0.06139250099658966]
[0.9541623592376709]
[74.93379211425781]
[87.35832214355469]
[5.176820278167725]
[0.7547947764396667]
[2.3449697494506836]
[1.537905216217041]
[5.2681884765625]
[0.5248721837997437]
[1.216132402420044]
[1.102423906326294]
[2.426962375640869]
[0.5347306728363037]
[0.7849879264831543]
[5.021315097808838]
[0.1694214940071106]
[0.7944961786270142]
[0.3631429374217987]
[4.19659948348999]
[8.117639541625977]
[4.096840858459473]
[4.947320938110352]
[5.316852569580078]
[78.03630065917969]
[0.6895360350608826]
[1.0440702438354492]
[1.2678189277648926]
[4.4405837059021]
[1.020459771156311]
[5.0247368812561035]
[65.41827392578125]
[0.5359687209129333]
[1.5735368728637695]
[0.5591652393341064]
[0.5654028058052063]
[0.6164059638977051]
[1.0279937982559204]
[1.8070827722549438]
[1.0227763652801514]
[0.14525948464870453]
[0.03099996969103813]
[0.19967742264270782]
[2.2508928775787354]
[0.6506897211074829]
[87.61034393310547]
[7.674130439758301]
[37.062564849853516]
[0.2902389466762543]
[0.3488013446331024]
[1.5130105018615723]
[3.331605911254883]
[16.695171356201172]
[1.3542299270629883]
[2.7103524208068848]
[0.6026841998100281]
[52.97499465942383]
[0.4546889364719391]
[0.7116183638572693]
[0.6600182056427002]
[4.019186496734619]
[1.9409980773925781]
[0.24577686190605164]
[1.217796802520752]
[1.5151978731155396]
[4.096837520599365]
[1.2149441242218018]
[1.343267560005188]
[0.5780707001686096]
[0.9116079211235046]
[0.43897995352745056]
[1.4463298320770264]
[0.2128421813249588]
[76.91936492919922]
[1.173119068145752]
[0.00918577704578638]
[7.112579345703125]
[1.2260699272155762]
[0.23027753829956055]
[1.7680093050003052]
[0.360279381275177]
[0.27583596110343933]
[0.15714530646800995]
[0.15886157751083374]
[0.6781240105628967]
[2.6342122554779053]
[0.5516467094421387]
[3.373366594314575]
[0.9037413597106934]
[0.16157720983028412]
[0.2075355350971222]
[0.4058343172073364]
[3.2320492267608643]
[1.743253469467163]
[61.17572784423828]
[2.1577048301696777]
[0.19644926488399506]
[27.289270401000977]
[1.6868789196014404]
[1.8825721740722656]
[0.24209719896316528]
[0.3719377815723419]
[9.058609962463379]
[0.12581866979599]
[0.2467830330133438]
[0.9499794840812683]
[0.852948009967804]
[5.078519344329834]
[0.41046592593193054]
[3.289091110229492]
[0.2631492614746094]
[0.40999606251716614]
[114.22219848632812]
[55.98501968383789]
[0.33948490023612976]
[1.0569864511489868]
[0.8726964592933655]
[1.008621096611023]
[8.455540657043457]
[1.6758008003234863]
[0.03564397990703583]
[0.3000395894050598]
[5.437755584716797]
[0.8648676872253418]
[0.3889916241168976]
[7.3217453956604]
[105.3143539428711]
[2.341425895690918]
[0.0915859043598175]
[0.592734158039093]
[0.8792176246643066]
[16.132280349731445]
[0.5672239661216736]
[1.7709169387817383]
[4.795902252197266]
[90.63571166992188]
[201.16065979003906]
[7.626165866851807]
[2.4759538173675537]
[0.6332589983940125]
[3.499063014984131]
[1.3060204982757568]
[3.1160800457000732]
[0.7160074710845947]
[1.323878288269043]
[73.62706756591797]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[8.425858497619629]
[5.51593017578125]
[2.986302375793457]
[94.19912719726562]
[1.3288841247558594]
[0.8260884284973145]
[4.930578708648682]
[12.073958396911621]
[0.7748282551765442]
[0.7905601263046265]
[7.138409614562988]
[1.029903769493103]
[1.962730050086975]
[3.0982348918914795]
[0.18378600478172302]
[2.3172173500061035]
[1.520702838897705]
[54.34709930419922]
[0.673346757888794]
[94.64098358154297]
[0.4673883020877838]
[0.5311974883079529]
[2.582026958465576]
[7.82945442199707]
[1.7599081993103027]
[0.7693557143211365]
[1.5697861909866333]
[0.31566283106803894]
[0.8273624181747437]
[1.4535408020019531]
[93.34922790527344]
[0.29008209705352783]
[1.0825037956237793]
[17.285852432250977]
[1.1214919090270996]
[1.5952517986297607]
[0.28370484709739685]
[0.746929943561554]
[0.1606929749250412]
[0.36615607142448425]
[31.839216232299805]
[13.713702201843262]
[56.08953094482422]
[0.6161509156227112]
[14.875411033630371]
[6.134421348571777]
[1.0890690088272095]
[0.5113651156425476]
[9.169692039489746]
[0.28272363543510437]
[1.4527071714401245]
[0.8032928705215454]
[0.9995687007904053]
[2.0420329570770264]
[90.34314727783203]
[7.414543628692627]
[1.5429730415344238]
[4.500434398651123]
[4.228712558746338]
[0.3778441548347473]
[1.1579077243804932]
[1.2107774019241333]
[0.45088058710098267]
[0.4449957609176636]
[1.113345742225647]
[1.2113326787948608]
[94.18045806884766]
[0.9443750977516174]
[42.9310302734375]
[0.3724364936351776]
[0.24811844527721405]
[3.891505718231201]
[1.1590732336044312]
[3.4031479358673096]
[0.03447360172867775]
[0.15142977237701416]
[5.357105255126953]
[0.4710896611213684]
[100.58472442626953]
[0.7202523946762085]
[1.4517501592636108]
[2.603332281112671]
[1.6658085584640503]
[0.3357830047607422]
[0.7251649498939514]
[0.6030877232551575]
[0.9739212989807129]
[0.49458247423171997]
[44.775413513183594]
[0.9456089735031128]
[0.07931076735258102]
[0.23389673233032227]
[1.4442769289016724]
[0.240849107503891]
[93.79920196533203]
[4.480810642242432]
[2.160902500152588]
[6.909687519073486]
[3.4178783893585205]
[0.34209710359573364]
[0.5639224052429199]
[1.0088229179382324]
[1.7629313468933105]
[3.166672945022583]
[1.4591048955917358]
[0.4440280795097351]
[53.37022399902344]
[3.087211847305298]
[8.484869956970215]
[1.7088208198547363]
[1.5195461511611938]
[1.4439985752105713]
[1.493880033493042]
[76.39759063720703]
[0.32341456413269043]
[12.381082534790039]
[9.644634246826172]
[0.5738236904144287]
[0.18705809116363525]
[0.189769446849823]
[4.9342942237854]
[0.13561215996742249]
[6.5560126304626465]
[1.0835810899734497]
[0.5081291794776917]
[0.3717832863330841]
[6.153427600860596]
[0.23577478528022766]
[1.657016634941101]
[0.7458115220069885]
[0.45546698570251465]
[1.3092598915100098]
[0.38124972581863403]
[1.2389864921569824]
[0.5974789261817932]
[0.431085467338562]
[0.3104647397994995]
[2.2141101360321045]
[0.5256409645080566]
[1.641228199005127]
[0.714179277420044]
[50.702449798583984]
[2.3643271923065186]
[0.307346373796463]
[2.8729822635650635]
[0.8637833595275879]
[8.15841293334961]
[0.24965551495552063]
[4.71095085144043]
[7.7724738121032715]
[0.4310110807418823]
[0.7533262372016907]
[0.9043102860450745]
[4.38007926940918]
[9.392767906188965]
[1.6452648639678955]
[49.93622970581055]
[0.7600464820861816]
[15.039876937866211]
[0.3223021328449249]
[0.42661798000335693]
[0.6124247908592224]
[0.407126784324646]
[1.5989220142364502]
[2.9821863174438477]
[0.1848691999912262]
[7.135785102844238]
[0.6925539374351501]
[10.778822898864746]
[1.1027963161468506]
[0.6505951881408691]
[0.14081662893295288]
[3.453303575515747]
[0.6852916479110718]
[1.7475944757461548]
[0.5629066228866577]
[77.50403594970703]
[0.6071744561195374]
[0.8036925792694092]
[0.45421746373176575]
[38.57609939575195]
[25.21294593811035]
[0.15466874837875366]
[0.657284140586853]
[0.519168496131897]
[0.3677680492401123]
[0.24641890823841095]
[63.73774719238281]
[1.3552899360656738]
[1.6410845518112183]
[2.6924853324890137]
[1.0730774402618408]
[0.28394415974617004]
[0.7715407013893127]
[81.39657592773438]
[6.052590847015381]
[0.5358878970146179]
[116.73141479492188]
[0.07641436904668808]
[53.165443420410156]
[0.4816696047782898]
[0.921460747718811]
[0.44665801525115967]
[8.595394134521484]
[0.9219939708709717]
[0.5985345840454102]
[0.32612285017967224]
[54.927406311035156]
[6.161741733551025]
[0.5614887475967407]
[0.2956818640232086]
[0.885840654373169]
[7.964200019836426]
[1.6626991033554077]
[7.82472038269043]
[0.7454929947853088]
[0.9666993618011475]
[9.289643287658691]
[0.2327127605676651]
[0.6589377522468567]
[1.2018052339553833]
[0.14152948558330536]
[50.77073287963867]
[5.9039177894592285]
[1.7610526084899902]
[0.6118542551994324]
[0.683773398399353]
[0.47250691056251526]
[1.4558392763137817]
[5.12449836730957]
[1.0294959545135498]
[1.6317572593688965]
[1.4489706754684448]
[0.5088917016983032]
[2.0700793266296387]
[6.817840576171875]
[0.5868305563926697]
[0.30941107869148254]
[0.2971087694168091]
[77.63452911376953]
[4.595646858215332]
[2.24861478805542]
[0.4048946797847748]
[97.13257598876953]
[0.4003245234489441]
[0.2383282631635666]
[5.954249382019043]
[0.34865084290504456]
[0.1675211787223816]
[7.079404830932617]
[3.2661750316619873]
[0.4365067183971405]
[2.4521350860595703]
[0.33670344948768616]
[71.04208374023438]
[4.90334939956665]
[0.5857913494110107]
[2.595517873764038]
[62.381797790527344]
[5.3231730461120605]
[0.38198649883270264]
[1.8852663040161133]
[1.342665195465088]
[1.2865220308303833]
[1.7456835508346558]
[1.645552635192871]
[198.0330047607422]
[0.4933091998100281]
[2.196974277496338]
[1.5384774208068848]
[8.522552490234375]
[0.7570626139640808]
[0.5649614930152893]
[0.7785859107971191]
[4.381394863128662]
[0.14444276690483093]
[2.885988235473633]
[0.3012940287590027]
[0.38809704780578613]
[0.6012663245201111]
[0.2238503396511078]
[73.45169067382812]
[0.25443458557128906]
[0.5889198780059814]
[209.3723602294922]
[0.10286653786897659]
[2.2341020107269287]
[1.2966527938842773]
[0.35582301020622253]
[1.5416275262832642]
[5.304194927215576]
[0.5220534801483154]
[0.4958909749984741]
[3.384629487991333]
[0.3475171625614166]
[2.427032709121704]
[0.4481026530265808]
[58.301483154296875]
[0.4797603189945221]
[1.2277050018310547]
[81.56013488769531]
[1.1334328651428223]
[0.6729932427406311]
[0.7196502685546875]
[10.807663917541504]
[0.19987693428993225]
[1.2293142080307007]
[0.2301664501428604]
[0.26239991188049316]
[5.94194221496582]
[56.35684585571289]
[0.22432027757167816]
[8.768250465393066]
[6.0724568367004395]
[1.7507394552230835]
[0.19610117375850677]
[4.8822855949401855]
[8.208990097045898]
[2.5092616081237793]
[6.977890491485596]
[1.1232964992523193]
[0.4395369291305542]
[2.199418544769287]
[0.19296610355377197]
[0.26976045966148376]
[71.941162109375]
[0.17242075502872467]
[0.7479941844940186]
[1.9880083799362183]
[0.3541966676712036]
[2.2501442432403564]
[1.2068248987197876]
[0.2850452661514282]
[0.19224867224693298]
[36.98606491088867]
[0.5648307800292969]
[32.41346740722656]
[4.116180896759033]
[81.33776092529297]
[0.5123977065086365]
[0.1737888753414154]
[4.083934783935547]
[5.535523891448975]
[1.3170421123504639]
[0.23856645822525024]
[0.7323848605155945]
[8.802037239074707]
[1.7792744636535645]
[199.33677673339844]
[1.0085632801055908]
[0.25589150190353394]
[4.8613362312316895]
[1.2193084955215454]
[0.80089271068573]
[12.531389236450195]
[1.6333656311035156]
[0.6966030597686768]
[1.3356029987335205]
[4.925832748413086]
[0.2702639698982239]
[3.711171865463257]
[0.7410433292388916]
[1.1611223220825195]
[3.8998000621795654]
[15.097786903381348]
[4.183594226837158]
[4.210052013397217]
[7.8539204597473145]
[2.2482845783233643]
[4.912560939788818]
[0.7173831462860107]
[2.018174171447754]
[0.21702636778354645]
[1.9100779294967651]
[61.556793212890625]
[70.65898895263672]
[0.05727752670645714]
[3.704451084136963]
[10.7301607131958]
[2.438979387283325]
[0.27925610542297363]
[7.311585903167725]
[0.2435428947210312]
[9.98862361907959]
[59.361289978027344]
[0.6815597414970398]
[16.597881317138672]
[1.5657713413238525]
[0.11312536895275116]
[10.2149076461792]
[0.5005967617034912]
[2.209388494491577]
[4.446011066436768]
[4.747560501098633]
[1.9733750820159912]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.9631091356277466]
[1.8775908946990967]
[0.826067328453064]
[0.21473157405853271]
[0.528766393661499]
[0.8559175729751587]
[1.1026532649993896]
[0.5372750163078308]
[0.1566639095544815]
[21.220256805419922]
[0.5190333724021912]
[0.6470270752906799]
[0.5181249380111694]
[0.49380722641944885]
[18.04709243774414]
[0.8545207381248474]
[125.43147277832031]
[3.4173052310943604]
[0.5227154493331909]
[1.1153078079223633]
[0.872458815574646]
[2.8981282711029053]
[0.36163395643234253]
[6.5013041496276855]
[0.1778889298439026]
[0.20511722564697266]
[0.36279869079589844]
[1.2854923009872437]
[1.5694384574890137]
[7.58323860168457]
[0.15362656116485596]
[199.62962341308594]
[5.296210289001465]
[0.2963392734527588]
[0.18348142504692078]
[0.3483837842941284]
[0.37290069460868835]
[1.412207841873169]
[15.816141128540039]
[0.2021830528974533]
[6.048245906829834]
[4.966536521911621]
[1.5883641242980957]
[3.9696927070617676]
[4.263956069946289]
[0.4328482747077942]
[0.8269400000572205]
[0.8889179825782776]
[10.208961486816406]
[104.4458236694336]
[0.6315624713897705]
[306.2469787597656]
[43.13506317138672]
[0.3182399272918701]
[1.1149450540542603]
[1.5031907558441162]
[104.014892578125]
[1.3415533304214478]
[2.2345778942108154]
[61.91765594482422]
[2.362546920776367]
[1.5164610147476196]
[3.1332919597625732]
[0.18621909618377686]
[13.786189079284668]
[3.8687736988067627]
[1.080532193183899]
[3.7354648113250732]
[44.790016174316406]
[77.31842041015625]
[0.9098913073539734]
[0.06306299567222595]
[0.8700947761535645]
[0.40992963314056396]
[12.972099304199219]
[1.6212306022644043]
[2.960407018661499]
[0.2758043706417084]
[7.946948051452637]
[0.9521825909614563]
[0.2654327154159546]
[2.110414743423462]
[5.605757236480713]
[92.9972152709961]
[10.789711952209473]
[0.9197937846183777]
[1.8940109014511108]
[0.39931464195251465]
[1.0400742292404175]
[0.24847957491874695]
[0.40768101811408997]
[2.009809732437134]
[1.7630484104156494]
[1.1939641237258911]
[3.0328543186187744]
[0.5630902647972107]
[0.1744157075881958]
[9.621927261352539]
[8.187407493591309]
[0.8434423208236694]
[0.2595478594303131]
[20.27397346496582]
[55.841712951660156]
[3.55364990234375]
[0.06510569900274277]
[0.8495180010795593]
[0.7179059386253357]
[2.4922521114349365]
[1.4714103937149048]
[9.679699897766113]
[114.54188537597656]
[2.7447855472564697]
[0.05903433635830879]
[0.3397063910961151]
[0.6784186363220215]
[3.328834295272827]
[4.2310566902160645]
[0.5900962352752686]
[0.5685850381851196]
[2.607334852218628]
[0.5631651282310486]
[0.3729720413684845]
[0.3665822148323059]
[54.77168273925781]
[1.043186902999878]
[5.389604091644287]
[1.5741082429885864]
[1.2873228788375854]
[2.7147626876831055]
[0.43420350551605225]
[0.42105305194854736]
[0.09804058820009232]
[5.559809684753418]
[0.3255506753921509]
[0.7924015522003174]
[4.068710803985596]
[5.008972644805908]
[54.542579650878906]
[0.06275906413793564]
[2.645505666732788]
[3.9590463638305664]
[0.23531368374824524]
[56.08550262451172]
[5.660565376281738]
[0.3500176668167114]
[2.7115318775177]
[3.606315851211548]
[80.79278564453125]
[0.48003315925598145]
[0.22509907186031342]
[87.66387939453125]
[0.698885977268219]
[0.2534959614276886]
[4.533996105194092]
[6.2317728996276855]
[1.3459364175796509]
[0.1400553286075592]
[1.503147840499878]
[3.490061044692993]
[0.49077922105789185]
[9.598401069641113]
[7.670229434967041]
[0.6054373979568481]
[23.539281845092773]
[0.41079941391944885]
[8.850252151489258]
[0.1824829876422882]
[5.906901836395264]
[5.68541145324707]
[0.10410604625940323]
[35.607784271240234]
[1.663368582725525]
[46.9316520690918]
[3.507028818130493]
[0.3363538980484009]
[5.796499729156494]
[8.142452239990234]
[0.2092745453119278]
[0.7719677686691284]
[8.101319313049316]
[11.674551010131836]
[0.3202551305294037]
[0.5330328345298767]
[5.794693470001221]
[0.27638715505599976]
[0.8605125546455383]
[0.3893471956253052]
[0.6020290851593018]
[55.81447219848633]
[0.37333911657333374]
[105.6235122680664]
[3.1178534030914307]
[5.609560966491699]
[7.722567558288574]
[0.7986670732498169]
[5.497140407562256]
[1.6485594511032104]
[0.47084513306617737]
[117.1351089477539]
[0.2047772854566574]
[1.9572803974151611]
[1.0463111400604248]
[0.29664474725723267]
[1.4625321626663208]
[0.5780385732650757]
[1.5988987684249878]
[4.41463041305542]
[7.666746616363525]
[70.68365478515625]
[1.2204066514968872]
[2.1988000869750977]
[0.1221759095788002]
[1.8963361978530884]
[7.142380237579346]
[0.8638311624526978]
[73.1067886352539]
[8.5135498046875]
[0.2914249300956726]
[4.304834842681885]
[1.1760382652282715]
[0.1775815188884735]
[0.8407950401306152]
[4.3025312423706055]
[1.0098145008087158]
[0.9599535465240479]
[7.057270526885986]
[3.5190649032592773]
[3.7612531185150146]
[0.2588902711868286]
[0.19980035722255707]
[2.148297071456909]
[3.3210256099700928]
[8.587475776672363]
[2.9484434127807617]
[4.483212947845459]
[0.8070942759513855]
[2.8652901649475098]
[5.859917640686035]
[8.268608093261719]
[2.1789278984069824]
[5.729248046875]
[2.378175735473633]
[1.2117395401000977]
[0.7205022573471069]
[0.4322541058063507]
[2.0967659950256348]
[0.7602871060371399]
[2.8144137859344482]
[0.8893912434577942]
[2.8151605129241943]
[0.39600929617881775]
[0.570501446723938]
[0.37661829590797424]
[0.9284295439720154]
[0.03887762501835823]
[0.7280897498130798]
[3.478860378265381]
[0.7735374569892883]
[0.4465807378292084]
[3.2333877086639404]
[1.1495591402053833]
[0.6627382040023804]
[62.2580680847168]
[0.6822820901870728]
[18.69243049621582]
[0.4992879629135132]
[6.334460258483887]
[4.198389053344727]
[1.3124202489852905]
[0.43186503648757935]
[63.9742546081543]
[0.6037682890892029]
[3.298964023590088]
[1.634395718574524]
[0.20567725598812103]
[0.5405495166778564]
[0.2726128399372101]
[0.16942796111106873]
[0.49110740423202515]
[4.098951816558838]
[2.0193581581115723]
[0.4069007635116577]
[0.37733012437820435]
[0.13074883818626404]
[3.987527370452881]
[15.617629051208496]
[53.87117004394531]
[7.84882926940918]
[0.2944985330104828]
[5.606017589569092]
[4.999420642852783]
[0.664344072341919]
[0.39558741450309753]
[0.9772107005119324]
[27.97919464111328]
[0.22330547869205475]
[10.773009300231934]
[0.029882390052080154]
[1.3558917045593262]
[0.1388099044561386]
[0.22861303389072418]
[53.69126510620117]
[0.09162236005067825]
[1.814889669418335]
[4.358582019805908]
[0.2822507321834564]
[81.2801284790039]
[3.298600435256958]
[0.24060912430286407]
[1.7694573402404785]
[0.2429995983839035]
[0.8328705430030823]
[1.5484342575073242]
[0.15391813218593597]
[5.230335235595703]
[1.2052499055862427]
[0.4635317623615265]
[10.889748573303223]
[51.05618667602539]
[4.028696060180664]
[0.5577470660209656]
[6.3097944259643555]
[0.16829067468643188]
[1.1079825162887573]
[1.046614408493042]
[1.8703080415725708]
[0.12922950088977814]
[1.1656420230865479]
[5.867790699005127]
[0.4377933740615845]
[0.3990328907966614]
[1.1273552179336548]
[0.9049952626228333]
[0.6776952147483826]
[0.38279640674591064]
[0.7696428894996643]
[41.09584426879883]
[0.607997715473175]
[0.3971288204193115]
[0.2717393934726715]
[4.966875076293945]
[0.8570278882980347]
[87.67375946044922]
[0.7511922717094421]
[0.6200167536735535]
[4.173887252807617]
[0.7922214269638062]
[89.54318237304688]
[7.6475958824157715]
[0.7730132937431335]
[3.6516475677490234]
[0.29134511947631836]
[2.2566018104553223]
[2.4029057025909424]
[5.882890224456787]
[0.05881484970450401]
[0.7227802276611328]
[60.59001922607422]
[1.372106671333313]
[1.9777412414550781]
[6.454970836639404]
[5.954724311828613]
[2.8881804943084717]
[4.670132637023926]
[0.6116141676902771]
[0.6317281126976013]
[42.185264587402344]
[0.7175867557525635]
[54.50046920776367]
[0.5147778987884521]
[67.1853256225586]
[4.937743186950684]
[0.24839627742767334]
[0.30274108052253723]
[0.5213427543640137]
[5.392852783203125]
[0.8644816875457764]
[0.34448277950286865]
[5.784665107727051]
[0.9441506862640381]
[0.7685257792472839]
[5.698376655578613]
[5.676574230194092]
[56.47654724121094]
[1.316623568534851]
[0.3268461525440216]
[0.22727614641189575]
[0.16898122429847717]
[0.08416972309350967]
[66.36273956298828]
[6.931387424468994]
[0.8109142184257507]
[0.5222199559211731]
[0.9068467020988464]
[0.5827711820602417]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.9235334396362305]
[0.3124941885471344]
[0.2416364699602127]
[0.31269726157188416]
[24.73755645751953]
[97.37104797363281]
[1.5293828248977661]
[1.139670968055725]
[0.5514141321182251]
[3.2941110134124756]
[0.31372931599617004]
[1.4941201210021973]
[1.0630782842636108]
[0.2558651268482208]
[1.2977725267410278]
[0.6341512799263]
[0.9177387356758118]
[590.7190551757812]
[5.166833877563477]
[6.0551042556762695]
[5.799069404602051]
[3.2066149711608887]
[2.801527976989746]
[3.4156038761138916]
[1.802359938621521]
[5.991353988647461]
[6.821990966796875]
[1.4093880653381348]
[7.7237396240234375]
[9.406074523925781]
[4.8310089111328125]
[1.414756178855896]
[3.5705432891845703]
[7.344593048095703]
[0.8292390704154968]
[106.09339904785156]
[10.54271125793457]
[6.6737565994262695]
[1.7430508136749268]
[2.3440544605255127]
[5.012826919555664]
[2.858261823654175]
[3.490837812423706]
[4.613255500793457]
[3.9408295154571533]
[2.4665122032165527]
[5.35543966293335]
[2.8006057739257812]
[6.88437557220459]
[3.0979621410369873]
[9.336507797241211]
[0.37291228771209717]
[1.0834015607833862]
[3.7738125324249268]
[2.1462295055389404]
[260.5798645019531]
[3.7048532962799072]
[3.9661693572998047]
[3.8647959232330322]
[1.412864327430725]
[2.728017568588257]
[9.834434509277344]
[0.23230203986167908]
[1.7263391017913818]
[0.7700361609458923]
[7.862659931182861]
[11.441856384277344]
[98.65950012207031]
[5.671665191650391]
[2.4581995010375977]
[61.59034729003906]
[57.73892593383789]
[1.346919059753418]
[0.3018007278442383]
[0.25738173723220825]
[0.29326331615448]
[1.0862483978271484]
[1.7633317708969116]
[0.25138792395591736]
[9.431305885314941]
[3.4176111221313477]
[1.645554542541504]
[1.2037924528121948]
[6.247942924499512]
[1.3770614862442017]
[0.24326437711715698]
[2.4316868782043457]
[0.11356983333826065]
[0.17857061326503754]
[47.14475631713867]
[0.31535735726356506]
[11.598776817321777]
[3.59000825881958]
[8.155407905578613]
[0.2594469487667084]
[53.31227493286133]
[24.316274642944336]
[0.8791473507881165]
[4.23867654800415]
[0.5145862102508545]
[0.3273751437664032]
[0.546108067035675]
[0.5117194652557373]
[0.2646932899951935]
[16.16145896911621]
[60.05988311767578]
[4.646965503692627]
[51.382606506347656]
[10.327606201171875]
[3.3177075386047363]
[0.9560097455978394]
[0.18492236733436584]
[8.351332664489746]
[1.597275972366333]
[0.36914509534835815]
[10.21527099609375]
[1.9353783130645752]
[2.432319164276123]
[1.4349913597106934]
[0.6754075884819031]
[0.4219696819782257]
[24.649335861206055]
[0.42713025212287903]
[0.9107905030250549]
[19.144790649414062]
[4.7650370597839355]
[1.5943565368652344]
[1.6694523096084595]
[0.3083231449127197]
[2.148446798324585]
[1.1749513149261475]
[0.779735267162323]
[1.6685413122177124]
[0.36018431186676025]
[0.36388298869132996]
[5.918200492858887]
[0.5183172225952148]
[0.07320386171340942]
[0.4042125642299652]
[0.4335545003414154]
[4.902978897094727]
[0.8175346255302429]
[0.2806921899318695]
[58.50680160522461]
[0.6441484689712524]
[1.256166696548462]
[0.5957140326499939]
[0.45444390177726746]
[0.285556823015213]
[4.254251480102539]
[0.1944897621870041]
[0.3451749086380005]
[1.40071439743042]
[17.02788734436035]
[5.738349437713623]
[7.058694839477539]
[0.3463680148124695]
[0.5888252258300781]
[0.21979691088199615]
[0.290614515542984]
[1.2985343933105469]
[0.4374355971813202]
[0.7286113500595093]
[0.43463218212127686]
[6.525745391845703]
[0.6762431263923645]
[0.737842857837677]
[4.623379707336426]
[5.775844097137451]
[4.23909854888916]
[3.573385000228882]
[0.5035853385925293]
[0.42250144481658936]
[0.9179273843765259]
[1.2454699277877808]
[2.057997703552246]
[5.075788497924805]
[1.2234759330749512]
[0.849880576133728]
[0.6041402220726013]
[0.3573107123374939]
[31.688135147094727]
[0.6814368963241577]
[1.025375485420227]
[1.1922543048858643]
[1.5468193292617798]
[1.4074019193649292]
[2.795274019241333]
[2.409886360168457]
[0.4497593939304352]
[2.5833654403686523]
[0.6753891110420227]
[0.5985023975372314]
[0.39082348346710205]
[0.7360983490943909]
[1.0334343910217285]
[4.250827789306641]
[0.6237684488296509]
[0.059143539518117905]
[0.6147133708000183]
[0.3666211664676666]
[0.7080859541893005]
[11.008190155029297]
[3.7570810317993164]
[0.6771456003189087]
[5.760453701019287]
[1.6491596698760986]
[0.20214755833148956]
[0.052657533437013626]
[0.6108178496360779]
[58.05051803588867]
[0.19005832076072693]
[0.7768706679344177]
[0.5410917401313782]
[0.23886194825172424]
[1.8915759325027466]
[4.007114410400391]
[1.0412607192993164]
[0.10001455247402191]
[1.2100030183792114]
[0.9638460278511047]
[0.4850912392139435]
[1.9725419282913208]
[0.3054317235946655]
[2.461859703063965]
[1.2907860279083252]
[0.9140001535415649]
[6.190103530883789]
[3.51127552986145]
[0.15924608707427979]
[0.19584906101226807]
[8.057180404663086]
[0.24796047806739807]
[0.2173256278038025]
[0.28112372756004333]
[0.39192160964012146]
[0.430329293012619]
[0.43346312642097473]
[1.0510562658309937]
[0.4273519814014435]
[54.132179260253906]
[0.1916431039571762]
[1.5629851818084717]
[48.47764587402344]
[0.0312972217798233]
[0.22011230885982513]
[0.19891874492168427]
[0.12917405366897583]
[1.8868768215179443]
[2.569139003753662]
[4.245321273803711]
[2.9787092208862305]
[0.5668692588806152]
[0.2797497510910034]
[54.95869445800781]
[0.19790562987327576]
[0.10319902747869492]
[0.178139328956604]
[2.1983871459960938]
[60.0517578125]
[0.11550352722406387]
[0.11511338502168655]
[12.639226913452148]
[7.0858378410339355]
[0.5230993032455444]
[0.12170220166444778]
[0.9429775476455688]
[2.625936269760132]
[11.418238639831543]
[0.10506164282560349]
[0.6876075267791748]
[0.12081567943096161]
[5.470844745635986]
[0.10965166240930557]
[0.21238026022911072]
[72.26679229736328]
[1.621240496635437]
[1.3171252012252808]
[13.575898170471191]
[5.9300150871276855]
[21.261634826660156]
[0.882300853729248]
[0.12615641951560974]
[0.16814976930618286]
[87.04569244384766]
[0.37517932057380676]
[17.963855743408203]
[0.22823907434940338]
[0.21147800981998444]
[0.1215689405798912]
[4.321539878845215]
[5.058990955352783]
[7.345921516418457]
[48.98243713378906]
[0.6348155736923218]
[8.895511627197266]
[0.19553512334823608]
[0.49564412236213684]
[0.23670747876167297]
[1.4772526025772095]
[0.2933506965637207]
[4.065546035766602]
[12.15676498413086]
[0.776553213596344]
[1.3916457891464233]
[0.7445673942565918]
[1.6886112689971924]
[0.04848220944404602]
[51.984283447265625]
[1.5416057109832764]
[0.13493122160434723]
[55.31161117553711]
[5.123692512512207]
[1.8279739618301392]
[0.6897804141044617]
[0.6722425222396851]
[1.014794111251831]
[3.1506524085998535]
[1.7753344774246216]
[28.899293899536133]
[0.09169521927833557]
[0.9195411205291748]
[0.17953239381313324]
[0.621379554271698]
[0.673431932926178]
[0.4539473354816437]
[0.1363409012556076]
[0.7986507415771484]
[3.38203501701355]
[0.3028374910354614]
[0.4650529623031616]
[5.0913310050964355]
[1.0469114780426025]
[2.862381935119629]
[538.8659057617188]
[3.552579402923584]
[4.250936031341553]
[1.4474127292633057]
[0.33767905831336975]
[14.036246299743652]
[3.863407850265503]
[62.35353469848633]
[0.6334126591682434]
[30.531478881835938]
[5.297638416290283]
[0.21502310037612915]
[61.67298889160156]
[1.7593510150909424]
[5.828826904296875]
[8.604004859924316]
[62.15701675415039]
[37.600093841552734]
[2.8808398246765137]
[1.0738110542297363]
[1.0685347318649292]
[61.73308181762695]
[1.0665442943572998]
[1.8851624727249146]
[6.20736837387085]
[0.3882216513156891]
[0.041288942098617554]
[0.2715819180011749]
[1.9718108177185059]
[0.9468666315078735]
[0.33801552653312683]
[99.5521011352539]
[6.441116809844971]
[10.308155059814453]
[2.9344077110290527]
[1.5902882814407349]
[0.7347415685653687]
[3.437755823135376]
[2.7456235885620117]
[0.8334405422210693]
[1.0378965139389038]
[59.16920852661133]
[1.0787196159362793]
[3.547950029373169]
[2.405744791030884]
[0.6848276257514954]
[0.6141168475151062]
[5.302525520324707]
[1.1218199729919434]
[18.123886108398438]
[1.9763354063034058]
[9.819561958312988]
[6.4516754150390625]
[3.059713125228882]
[0.09248412400484085]
[0.7229681611061096]
[6.207841873168945]
[3.085955858230591]
[0.7545356750488281]
[2.2413880825042725]
[4.83549165725708]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.8730803728103638]
[1.2230792045593262]
[4.206642150878906]
[3.7710559368133545]
[4.296093940734863]
[9.029435157775879]
[55.77889633178711]
[1.2195985317230225]
[54.82929992675781]
[21.899791717529297]
[3.3989882469177246]
[2.2364001274108887]
[1.0145623683929443]
[2.1225380897521973]
[3.2833352088928223]
[9.308374404907227]
[0.5287407040596008]
[3.9208409786224365]
[9.420907020568848]
[2.1955137252807617]
[0.7785446643829346]
[312.595458984375]
[4.597381114959717]
[6.706331253051758]
[54.176082611083984]
[0.6354711651802063]
[0.7123682498931885]
[1.9352895021438599]
[1.9317595958709717]
[2.207345485687256]
[1.0527501106262207]
[202.1993408203125]
[3.8039257526397705]
[4.3276166915893555]
[52.65336990356445]
[3.9401748180389404]
[129.90609741210938]
[1.1653566360473633]
[79.66506958007812]
[3.642768144607544]
[2.1619646549224854]
[1.4713608026504517]
[4.434946060180664]
[0.15489114820957184]
[1.4459713697433472]
[1.002752661705017]
[3.407086133956909]
[1.6658103466033936]
[1.4069840908050537]
[0.45765969157218933]
[4.1721577644348145]
[1.6057231426239014]
[50.949058532714844]
[1.1332528591156006]
[5.865264415740967]
[5.255995273590088]
[2.5440163612365723]
[3.65500545501709]
[0.5695871114730835]
[74.91039276123047]
[4.064896106719971]
[5.340775012969971]
[0.2495831549167633]
[1.8005905151367188]
[1.2466009855270386]
[2.4933807849884033]
[0.9842435717582703]
[1.0965684652328491]
[0.911205530166626]
[36.122920989990234]
[1.2474116086959839]
[3.300220251083374]
[0.059169091284275055]
[0.3175552487373352]
[39.326114654541016]
[0.06885197013616562]
[4.473385334014893]
[1.3155889511108398]
[99.12030029296875]
[0.09637593477964401]
[2.558497428894043]
[3.046403408050537]
[1.8285537958145142]
[4.742361068725586]
[0.7245275974273682]
[2.2119839191436768]
[0.22689497470855713]
[0.3524816930294037]
[1.7928718328475952]
[2.5166330337524414]
[0.634996235370636]
[3.2896738052368164]
[1.5806180238723755]
[4.073172092437744]
[9.875460624694824]
[0.4361591637134552]
[0.8704566359519958]
[0.8028028607368469]
[1.6580686569213867]
[1.4772793054580688]
[1.9813464879989624]
[0.1046803742647171]
[0.1823924034833908]
[2.1670608520507812]
[16.900188446044922]
[0.18684221804141998]
[1.3643945455551147]
[0.8249785900115967]
[14.774959564208984]
[1.3719936609268188]
[0.177435964345932]
[0.7783099412918091]
[0.6735562682151794]
[3.8504223823547363]
[0.3353084325790405]
[46.018070220947266]
[2.9988272190093994]
[3.5473015308380127]
[1.9479930400848389]
[122.92658996582031]
[1.1453933715820312]
[0.07577207684516907]
[57.014949798583984]
[0.8304306268692017]
[0.9130458831787109]
[0.02256462536752224]
[1.1103018522262573]
[1.2486428022384644]
[0.18002630770206451]
[4.484924793243408]
[1.1259641647338867]
[0.7099500894546509]
[36.07844924926758]
[7.287902355194092]
[7.655162334442139]
[6.805410385131836]
[1.7456598281860352]
[2.7265708446502686]
[1.0308480262756348]
[4.479550838470459]
[1.0202382802963257]
[1.057873249053955]
[3.281536340713501]
[0.6173011660575867]
[1.2655943632125854]
[1.8309962749481201]
[0.21742655336856842]
[1.1962041854858398]
[1.3627532720565796]
[8.75147819519043]
[0.9190720915794373]
[10.083828926086426]
[60.864803314208984]
[9.269367218017578]
[1.3203915357589722]
[2.2260451316833496]
[3.226202964782715]
[2.636106252670288]
[0.8560621738433838]
[8.48447036743164]
[1.1269015073776245]
[24.389585494995117]
[0.6745510101318359]
[3.258397102355957]
[0.9842739701271057]
[1.6152786016464233]
[1.447349190711975]
[1.9842497110366821]
[0.8607618808746338]
[0.9994415044784546]
[1.7168275117874146]
[0.5508126020431519]
[1.9877108335494995]
[1.8685312271118164]
[194.2919464111328]
[1.9635123014450073]
[1.8159081935882568]
[1.0382392406463623]
[0.30895760655403137]
[60.51483917236328]
[1.1480624675750732]
[1.0268027782440186]
[2.2328133583068848]
[5.719885349273682]
[1.1718701124191284]
[0.8335233330726624]
[2.0595204830169678]
[6.7163472175598145]
[0.9158047437667847]
[0.721274733543396]
[3.4596898555755615]
[7.387577056884766]
[7.113013744354248]
[0.4354051947593689]
[0.4836932420730591]
[0.06149783730506897]
[0.36642691493034363]
[0.9477857947349548]
[119.94839477539062]
[82.65650177001953]
[1.0369443893432617]
[1.1543251276016235]
[1.8941912651062012]
[29.54285430908203]
[6.1951003074646]
[1.1844409704208374]
[8.214361190795898]
[0.7891982793807983]
[3.8800275325775146]
[10.948863983154297]
[0.7824950218200684]
[4.696703910827637]
[0.9540111422538757]
[2.46148943901062]
[2.722133159637451]
[0.796051561832428]
[0.9818780422210693]
[0.3159741759300232]
[1.635731816291809]
[3.4590673446655273]
[64.57084655761719]
[2.480971336364746]
[0.0390993133187294]
[0.20270797610282898]
[0.24800649285316467]
[72.49302673339844]
[0.06812521815299988]
[2.471130132675171]
[0.5721949934959412]
[0.24877199530601501]
[1.5090703964233398]
[0.04179302230477333]
[0.6210992932319641]
[1.1757649183273315]
[0.22762231528759003]
[0.8238666653633118]
[93.4020004272461]
[48.80318832397461]
[3.606687068939209]
[42.10835266113281]
[3.620530366897583]
[112.00994110107422]
[0.2964146137237549]
[0.4793277978897095]
[1.700888991355896]
[2.3517355918884277]
[0.3425467312335968]
[1.7613240480422974]
[0.22947141528129578]
[0.22683550417423248]
[78.85089874267578]
[15.505324363708496]
[5.44442081451416]
[0.674456775188446]
[1.198076605796814]
[4.4778618812561035]
[5.195781707763672]
[44.428199768066406]
[0.7463576793670654]
[0.9899836778640747]
[2.2808539867401123]
[10.531678199768066]
[0.38010120391845703]
[0.987232506275177]
[19.934297561645508]
[92.49885559082031]
[0.5007402300834656]
[3.5318868160247803]
[27.747573852539062]
[2.07828426361084]
[0.35227546095848083]
[2.228701114654541]
[0.7545555830001831]
[0.5015103220939636]
[0.6884247064590454]
[0.5904977321624756]
[4.5852885246276855]
[3.4330756664276123]
[2.778878688812256]
[1.7883274555206299]
[1.5371284484863281]
[1.6234583854675293]
[1.7340974807739258]
[11.50908088684082]
[5.9613471031188965]
[1.6694154739379883]
[2.758587121963501]
[2.176339626312256]
[1.1611876487731934]
[2.17669939994812]
[1.1723779439926147]
[0.08280915021896362]
[0.32913482189178467]
[0.6347874402999878]
[2.964216709136963]
[1.129381537437439]
[3.3579888343811035]
[3.8757588863372803]
[1.5117480754852295]
[0.5578833222389221]
[0.3849557936191559]
[0.668138325214386]
[2.149249315261841]
[0.7086100578308105]
[1.1127022504806519]
[1.9510467052459717]
[5.463985443115234]
[0.5857870578765869]
[68.50048065185547]
[0.5211502313613892]
[0.7308282256126404]
[0.8549017310142517]
[4.631925582885742]
[0.721787691116333]
[1.0379637479782104]
[4.975581169128418]
[2.2273895740509033]
[5.682537078857422]
[2.1592345237731934]
[18.855043411254883]
[3.8035290241241455]
[7.185466766357422]
[0.4049256145954132]
[2.2801966667175293]
[2.0239779949188232]
[59.41801452636719]
[1.1976637840270996]
[0.3148574233055115]
[1.862334132194519]
[0.7624624371528625]
[0.5319042205810547]
[14.911995887756348]
[0.3156920373439789]
[0.18378740549087524]
[7.0836639404296875]
[2.8496384620666504]
[0.2083914428949356]
[0.3633733093738556]
[1.570271611213684]
[18.679414749145508]
[14.169105529785156]
[3.4269232749938965]
[3.0113942623138428]
[1.7684017419815063]
[16.988882064819336]
[167.8686065673828]
[2.3134515285491943]
[0.9903819561004639]
[0.5244540572166443]
[0.25610920786857605]
[1.277077078819275]
[8.755745887756348]
[0.6001806855201721]
[4.854784965515137]
[1.1377450227737427]
[1.8269070386886597]
[1.6393383741378784]
[3.3125195503234863]
[2.1359124183654785]
[2.4040257930755615]
[2.158535957336426]
[1.0830717086791992]
[3.1432037353515625]
[2.303269147872925]
[2.5757291316986084]
[2.0952091217041016]
[1.0362094640731812]
[0.9085009098052979]
[0.8453956842422485]
[1.602048397064209]
[1.0776258707046509]
[1.0305886268615723]
[7.577862739562988]
[58.24883270263672]
[1.4310791492462158]
[0.5097551345825195]
[101.0554428100586]
[11.137242317199707]
[0.827608585357666]
[0.7112359404563904]
[3.346369743347168]
[2.3184757232666016]
[2.1706085205078125]
[1.1042426824569702]
[2.4055826663970947]
[0.09297788888216019]
[0.1655966341495514]
[2.460362195968628]
[2.3385770320892334]
[0.28825661540031433]
[10.32115364074707]
[2.21562123298645]
[2.345170497894287]
[4.218786239624023]
[0.847658097743988]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.7569994926452637]
[0.6611039638519287]
[0.30583372712135315]
[3.1976122856140137]
[0.5542676448822021]
[1.1500054597854614]
[8.14578628540039]
[0.9872965812683105]
[280.2929992675781]
[2.8631763458251953]
[1.1543604135513306]
[8.423070907592773]
[61.250755310058594]
[0.7845293283462524]
[3.893223285675049]
[3.8626999855041504]
[1.1425682306289673]
[6.531324863433838]
[1.0738250017166138]
[6.876196384429932]
[5.610406875610352]
[71.2201919555664]
[4.994671821594238]
[1.7238041162490845]
[4.257680892944336]
[51.13444519042969]
[2.1048927307128906]
[66.8242416381836]
[1.88620924949646]
[3.216843843460083]
[48.12120056152344]
[85.54380798339844]
[2.5387563705444336]
[2.8539679050445557]
[2.0245914459228516]
[4.990379810333252]
[0.9313006401062012]
[9.937495231628418]
[2.2338175773620605]
[5.9050188064575195]
[2.9295434951782227]
[3.2814743518829346]
[2.9726903438568115]
[1.8799045085906982]
[0.39148929715156555]
[2.4639787673950195]
[0.14356911182403564]
[3.0717532634735107]
[8.162918090820312]
[30.69076156616211]
[4.810420513153076]
[10.168262481689453]
[3.5306334495544434]
[3.3253164291381836]
[0.05627753213047981]
[1.8314568996429443]
[0.5783247947692871]
[1.3216584920883179]
[4.025026321411133]
[67.6045150756836]
[5.805144786834717]
[187.0718994140625]
[0.9123644828796387]
[0.7739394307136536]
[0.6234747171401978]
[0.4226350486278534]
[1.589213252067566]
[3.1979706287384033]
[0.8075207471847534]
[68.2402114868164]
[5.09317684173584]
[100.26110076904297]
[78.61145782470703]
[1.396973729133606]
[3.913018226623535]
[0.6696603298187256]
[4.5294928550720215]
[0.7355491518974304]
[3.1618704795837402]
[0.18115836381912231]
[4.069716930389404]
[0.29138460755348206]
[4.789209365844727]
[1.7662075757980347]
[0.18693985044956207]
[29.087491989135742]
[6.1647515296936035]
[1.6140198707580566]
[1.3998641967773438]
[1.1392924785614014]
[0.7814346551895142]
[0.47624489665031433]
[0.43741142749786377]
[0.3663009703159332]
[0.6398053169250488]
[4.810420036315918]
[0.5885854959487915]
[20.470436096191406]
[0.7670620679855347]
[1.60213303565979]
[3.9556140899658203]
[0.5622868537902832]
[0.4913445711135864]
[0.9843723773956299]
[0.5522207021713257]
[2.88515043258667]
[0.49959975481033325]
[51.997684478759766]
[0.5068759322166443]
[11.674676895141602]
[0.4075133204460144]
[1.2901246547698975]
[0.6169608235359192]
[0.2668335437774658]
[62.88697814941406]
[5.205073356628418]
[3.4607532024383545]
[3.0754141807556152]
[0.8718304634094238]
[4.700854778289795]
[1.307619571685791]
[1.9789881706237793]
[5.1558027267456055]
[0.8806071281433105]
[13.163701057434082]
[0.2201453596353531]
[1.1695795059204102]
[0.1818385273218155]
[0.7873790860176086]
[1.7571772336959839]
[1.110650897026062]
[0.5492545962333679]
[38.59954071044922]
[12.528210639953613]
[3.906440496444702]
[1.8974510431289673]
[3.114182472229004]
[2.1587913036346436]
[7.169906139373779]
[1.0484342575073242]
[0.1656736433506012]
[6.781891345977783]
[2.392915725708008]
[0.5870088338851929]
[0.8096412420272827]
[0.9996157288551331]
[107.97819519042969]
[1.7096664905548096]
[0.5176683664321899]
[0.653032660484314]
[59.34416580200195]
[18.19762420654297]
[1.2801997661590576]
[5.81927490234375]
[2.547362804412842]
[5.661784648895264]
[2.1907312870025635]
[3.991448402404785]
[3.332163095474243]
[0.0513232983648777]
[1.027838945388794]
[15.997810363769531]
[2.5777111053466797]
[2.2340941429138184]
[0.20115478336811066]
[0.241113543510437]
[1.5142428874969482]
[0.13622410595417023]
[1.010535478591919]
[22.400226593017578]
[0.9357880353927612]
[0.1273779571056366]
[1.7409751415252686]
[0.48808857798576355]
[0.2749433219432831]
[37.48569869995117]
[2.328503370285034]
[66.70195007324219]
[7.1561055183410645]
[1.502844214439392]
[69.00584411621094]
[4.972040176391602]
[0.5576393604278564]
[0.39950087666511536]
[0.3945287764072418]
[0.7683806419372559]
[0.18363556265830994]
[2.430455207824707]
[21.487836837768555]
[0.140306755900383]
[0.17131128907203674]
[5.036062240600586]
[0.2380003035068512]
[4.353586673736572]
[0.2373865693807602]
[0.8765046000480652]
[0.8382612466812134]
[1.0858761072158813]
[0.006928928662091494]
[1.7468087673187256]
[0.6292772889137268]
[2.131723165512085]
[0.8315342664718628]
[12.13321304321289]
[1.090547800064087]
[0.49708232283592224]
[3.808079481124878]
[2.5465500354766846]
[0.7853636741638184]
[1.1241023540496826]
[0.95911705493927]
[0.3003212809562683]
[3.36501407623291]
[0.6543905138969421]
[0.5988523364067078]
[1.6000678539276123]
[23.174161911010742]
[0.2221338301897049]
[2.1506645679473877]
[111.85027313232422]
[5.172469615936279]
[0.6448325514793396]
[0.2571949064731598]
[2.0731945037841797]
[1.3522334098815918]
[0.9635744690895081]
[1.9374723434448242]
[0.8433077335357666]
[0.6286507248878479]
[0.9242626428604126]
[1.8314909934997559]
[1.337587833404541]
[62.708229064941406]
[0.269226610660553]
[0.7312979102134705]
[98.76419830322266]
[1.0153098106384277]
[0.9662815928459167]
[0.5261750221252441]
[0.3671707212924957]
[3.7964682579040527]
[0.6791969537734985]
[0.36042073369026184]
[4.137420654296875]
[0.3541923761367798]
[1.2081336975097656]
[8.089054107666016]
[45.83094787597656]
[0.3091103732585907]
[0.18369115889072418]
[0.5377426743507385]
[7.785971641540527]
[1.3532028198242188]
[22.687795639038086]
[42.990562438964844]
[1.349581241607666]
[2.040451765060425]
[0.7790235877037048]
[4.485061168670654]
[0.08210927248001099]
[5.503515720367432]
[3.9004387855529785]
[5.231936454772949]
[10.737909317016602]
[1.57491135597229]
[1.5177878141403198]
[0.23265409469604492]
[2.6851305961608887]
[5.073379993438721]
[0.2987796664237976]
[1.6841888427734375]
[1.5720875263214111]
[2.2820370197296143]
[5.926633834838867]
[0.5631479024887085]
[2.1297857761383057]
[1.5686897039413452]
[48.043704986572266]
[6.8166632652282715]
[5.255022048950195]
[4.5239644050598145]
[1.8588075637817383]
[6.6216888427734375]
[5.188592910766602]
[0.40956488251686096]
[0.8001444935798645]
[2.776759386062622]
[3.628042221069336]
[2.674665927886963]
[0.3446839451789856]
[0.2746347188949585]
[0.24993523955345154]
[37.07357406616211]
[1.8111586570739746]
[0.25733351707458496]
[1.663719892501831]
[1.7274343967437744]
[0.43215224146842957]
[0.4047057628631592]
[0.3247973918914795]
[0.7488928437232971]
[1.133609652519226]
[63.96159362792969]
[9.838805198669434]
[194.65667724609375]
[56.16447830200195]
[0.1362464278936386]
[4.784727096557617]
[0.7346005439758301]
[1.0230765342712402]
[64.80892181396484]
[87.86627960205078]
[0.5846560001373291]
[9.299681663513184]
[1.4280447959899902]
[0.3300628364086151]
[4.542141437530518]
[0.3365441858768463]
[1.8104101419448853]
[0.3420959413051605]
[0.7844635844230652]
[61.59562683105469]
[7.810893535614014]
[0.13509047031402588]
[36.192405700683594]
[1.7964950799942017]
[0.7967478036880493]
[0.5597017407417297]
[0.44732505083084106]
[0.10830916464328766]
[3.8164844512939453]
[3.9508121013641357]
[3.7028849124908447]
[1.8669488430023193]
[0.9827224612236023]
[3.2711596488952637]
[2.950490713119507]
[7.559055328369141]
[3.225367784500122]
[1.4104712009429932]
[0.8808521032333374]
[0.2239147424697876]
[0.7146191596984863]
[0.5927841663360596]
[0.5647760629653931]
[0.2981445789337158]
[1.468491554260254]
[7.934411525726318]
[0.21513447165489197]
[5.354875564575195]
[0.872334361076355]
[6.4518890380859375]
[0.7734256982803345]
[2.9045424461364746]
[0.8277290463447571]
[2.8351449966430664]
[7.64780330657959]
[95.68637084960938]
[1.658413052558899]
[0.3481426537036896]
[0.314026802778244]
[5.275684833526611]
[0.5836029052734375]
[5.367312431335449]
[1.4265893697738647]
[0.7474187612533569]
[2.175614356994629]
[1.615463376045227]
[0.19484014809131622]
[6.593486309051514]
[8.41440200805664]
[8.005105018615723]
[1.7921645641326904]
[0.5494258999824524]
[3.211942434310913]
[61.977508544921875]
[2.5407755374908447]
[5.475649356842041]
[2.1137375831604004]
[1.5883985757827759]
[66.27154541015625]
[0.22338739037513733]
[0.25492575764656067]
[1.420015573501587]
[3.237536668777466]
[1.8972151279449463]
[5.882085800170898]
[0.8995538949966431]
[55.229515075683594]
[18.93845558166504]
[5.652673721313477]
[3.649550199508667]
[0.34738269448280334]
[1.2821506261825562]
[54.113338470458984]
[0.30724653601646423]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.3538243770599365]
[0.202303946018219]
[2.2357707023620605]
[0.14446905255317688]
[3.5605716705322266]
[2.433166027069092]
[0.8892155289649963]
[0.1705448180437088]
[0.3898131847381592]
[0.49239295721054077]
[125.79780578613281]
[1.6705070734024048]
[0.18930478394031525]
[0.18683740496635437]
[2.3022611141204834]
[1.9476138353347778]
[0.3556773364543915]
[0.9658251404762268]
[0.16193047165870667]
[1.1801401376724243]
[11.116094589233398]
[7.916333198547363]
[0.9806471467018127]
[7.260659694671631]
[2.1135594844818115]
[1.309372067451477]
[0.591657817363739]
[0.3360118865966797]
[1.6171261072158813]
[8.507272720336914]
[0.5890671014785767]
[0.032417163252830505]
[3.560105085372925]
[1.439906120300293]
[0.4325455129146576]
[0.9463536143302917]
[76.5884017944336]
[0.16848011314868927]
[3.5140573978424072]
[1.1559122800827026]
[0.07408203184604645]
[0.6965019702911377]
[3.4231438636779785]
[1.118431806564331]
[75.49832153320312]
[1.5998845100402832]
[0.5736085176467896]
[1.740107774734497]
[103.53417205810547]
[7.606412887573242]
[4.1139326095581055]
[59.49246597290039]
[0.6930049061775208]
[0.9495429396629333]
[115.00090026855469]
[1.4008959531784058]
[6.8344221115112305]
[3.491469621658325]
[13.32802963256836]
[3.931410312652588]
[2.7500295639038086]
[1.3737635612487793]
[70.859619140625]
[1.8076744079589844]
[0.3557855486869812]
[1.3536583185195923]
[1.872982382774353]
[3.3704025745391846]
[1.26729154586792]
[0.7996826171875]
[2.1889724731445312]
[4.041921138763428]
[0.6674220561981201]
[2.1157124042510986]
[4.006136417388916]
[5.429935455322266]
[139.18336486816406]
[3.065037250518799]
[0.3948246240615845]
[0.24729828536510468]
[0.9431788921356201]
[1.344968318939209]
[3.665501356124878]
[1.7980018854141235]
[0.39563435316085815]
[12.841728210449219]
[1.2372592687606812]
[1.833594560623169]
[0.2531796395778656]
[1.8605800867080688]
[2.827186346054077]
[1.8768223524093628]
[4.64713191986084]
[0.8903143405914307]
[5.587404251098633]
[87.27200317382812]
[4.567348003387451]
[101.30238342285156]
[3.8557024002075195]
[3.0598464012145996]
[0.5402703881263733]
[23.4748477935791]
[62.5955696105957]
[2.8061683177948]
[1.455262303352356]
[4.473066329956055]
[0.4429384171962738]
[1.4053651094436646]
[29.350671768188477]
[6.982652187347412]
[86.24646759033203]
[30.39199447631836]
[0.6324298977851868]
[1.0776512622833252]
[3.7103285789489746]
[1.8302512168884277]
[3.3414456844329834]
[2.386812925338745]
[5.342457294464111]
[0.9489141702651978]
[1.0854414701461792]
[0.4024295508861542]
[0.06157247722148895]
[1.8421392440795898]
[0.3788185119628906]
[0.7038469910621643]
[4.358067989349365]
[2.492084264755249]
[90.13371276855469]
[2.937063694000244]
[0.38944607973098755]
[2.6832001209259033]
[72.34386444091797]
[0.39360591769218445]
[82.59639739990234]
[0.5727617740631104]
[3.433861017227173]
[4.323129653930664]
[46.4899787902832]
[0.5016945600509644]
[11.48758316040039]
[0.37466946244239807]
[0.6073731184005737]
[10.465723037719727]
[0.6517203450202942]
[46.995994567871094]
[0.5194975733757019]
[9.802938461303711]
[3.026329278945923]
[6.609466075897217]
[33.03107452392578]
[2.4812004566192627]
[1.035923957824707]
[0.8147310614585876]
[7.954166412353516]
[108.079345703125]
[15.501067161560059]
[0.53318852186203]
[3.921360969543457]
[0.27177855372428894]
[2.5586845874786377]
[0.9133561849594116]
[4.20974063873291]
[6.398687839508057]
[1.2349162101745605]
[0.8585351705551147]
[5.884500503540039]
[1.091456413269043]
[5.130932807922363]
[0.3728378415107727]
[1.0786614418029785]
[3.5670101642608643]
[4.46982479095459]
[4.2067718505859375]
[82.73410034179688]
[0.3220435082912445]
[0.3599604368209839]
[22.15186309814453]
[0.40863460302352905]
[3.4839136600494385]
[4.323307991027832]
[6.937620162963867]
[5.689330577850342]
[0.2784171998500824]
[70.56150817871094]
[16.03248405456543]
[3.4687225818634033]
[1.237857699394226]
[0.5801277160644531]
[0.12888550758361816]
[0.905456006526947]
[0.2627328634262085]
[55.60264205932617]
[0.31150543689727783]
[1.5296783447265625]
[4.698283672332764]
[126.38343811035156]
[85.51747131347656]
[5.173621654510498]
[0.5163946747779846]
[0.8601317405700684]
[0.4116676449775696]
[1.475622296333313]
[0.2854691743850708]
[1.5058926343917847]
[2.7394299507141113]
[5.037051200866699]
[3.0343596935272217]
[3.825840950012207]
[7.333372116088867]
[6.0653791427612305]
[0.714559018611908]
[1.5348365306854248]
[72.6565170288086]
[0.21514320373535156]
[4.590214729309082]
[2.3914682865142822]
[0.7366676330566406]
[0.4275340139865875]
[0.2988235652446747]
[1.2757718563079834]
[5.506946563720703]
[0.5616532564163208]
[0.060661014169454575]
[0.3238878548145294]
[2.3866872787475586]
[0.41466763615608215]
[3.9079108238220215]
[0.6309208273887634]
[0.09536924958229065]
[3.1302390098571777]
[0.6745709776878357]
[0.02994736284017563]
[0.8357374668121338]
[2.2721872329711914]
[87.16897583007812]
[0.6659245491027832]
[0.03413693606853485]
[566.6910400390625]
[52.636653900146484]
[0.21649549901485443]
[0.6733510494232178]
[16.180194854736328]
[9.637073516845703]
[55.609130859375]
[12.579617500305176]
[4.171971321105957]
[1.8241071701049805]
[155.65968322753906]
[1.9836344718933105]
[1.244310736656189]
[8.471456527709961]
[35.96934509277344]
[19.554431915283203]
[3.245964765548706]
[1.9597889184951782]
[4.589707851409912]
[6.182056903839111]
[10.674864768981934]
[71.4624252319336]
[17.14505386352539]
[89.396240234375]
[2.4441471099853516]
[102.36072540283203]
[58.282596588134766]
[0.30264076590538025]
[0.4055430591106415]
[0.5068966150283813]
[7.2555766105651855]
[0.7210790514945984]
[5.983433723449707]
[0.9392793774604797]
[2.757817268371582]
[0.8835608959197998]
[60.90187072753906]
[0.2033761441707611]
[91.82230377197266]
[2.2250466346740723]
[98.05138397216797]
[42.69773864746094]
[9.341723442077637]
[0.6766303181648254]
[0.5373554825782776]
[44.467529296875]
[1.533461570739746]
[1.6472865343093872]
[6.824122428894043]
[7.800170421600342]
[2.0631988048553467]
[2.703864336013794]
[12.208073616027832]
[0.24957658350467682]
[0.27477285265922546]
[3.526900053024292]
[11.751705169677734]
[6.824222564697266]
[0.8223051428794861]
[2.766746759414673]
[6.566259860992432]
[6.7834153175354]
[1.6855450868606567]
[16.203083038330078]
[2.494938850402832]
[0.21748079359531403]
[1.6497607231140137]
[11.572227478027344]
[2.075187921524048]
[0.5401870608329773]
[6.690508842468262]
[5.120436191558838]
[168.86265563964844]
[0.8642511963844299]
[5.142462253570557]
[4.301868438720703]
[1.5895825624465942]
[1.323665738105774]
[1.1430282592773438]
[1.6571422815322876]
[19.358488082885742]
[1.538753628730774]
[0.48136645555496216]
[1.0844017267227173]
[2.143465995788574]
[5.630423545837402]
[1.5657938718795776]
[0.11125364154577255]
[1.6612484455108643]
[4.071703910827637]
[92.0731430053711]
[0.402815580368042]
[0.9979501366615295]
[1.4539510011672974]
[83.78469848632812]
[5.180666446685791]
[0.09292840957641602]
[0.41073980927467346]
[1.1558630466461182]
[0.4333575963973999]
[4.076681613922119]
[0.09139180928468704]
[0.5452004075050354]
[5.124605178833008]
[3.461819648742676]
[50.33621597290039]
[0.7695021033287048]
[0.564087986946106]
[0.5060082077980042]
[0.4098835289478302]
[0.8866007328033447]
[0.518980085849762]
[1.4813735485076904]
[0.7294151186943054]
[75.8143081665039]
[19.39157485961914]
[2.070246696472168]
[0.6276140809059143]
[0.5177603960037231]
[15.086153984069824]
[0.20262566208839417]
[3.137669563293457]
[2.0451812744140625]
[1.2228020429611206]
[0.5372408628463745]
[1.0923172235488892]
[7.15432596206665]
[50.84065246582031]
[3.039498805999756]
[3.5145208835601807]
[0.6349126100540161]
[2.3099348545074463]
[7.715173244476318]
[0.9031573534011841]
[1.8487401008605957]
[0.5959883332252502]
[0.4047911763191223]
[5.285097122192383]
[1.7402187585830688]
[0.9142594337463379]
[1.347405195236206]
[0.22292472422122955]
[0.7037888169288635]
[0.9212080240249634]
[116.70671081542969]
[0.2266213446855545]
[0.6139521598815918]
[0.3933541476726532]
[2.435413360595703]
[0.6998552680015564]
[0.7329339385032654]
[1.639866590499878]
[8.185159683227539]
[0.46577566862106323]
[0.8359509110450745]
[1.5840116739273071]
[1.4646457433700562]
[47.418800354003906]
[1.075239658355713]
[1.2523512840270996]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.647473096847534]
[0.858579695224762]
[1.2834689617156982]
[115.7028579711914]
[1.9940576553344727]
[1.2252486944198608]
[3.3089258670806885]
[19.9935302734375]
[1.2819466590881348]
[0.8733718395233154]
[3.830615520477295]
[45.19929122924805]
[1.9727418422698975]
[2.4941065311431885]
[58.59389114379883]
[0.593092143535614]
[6.210111618041992]
[0.5669800639152527]
[1.9547038078308105]
[59.394107818603516]
[0.3591578006744385]
[6.305163383483887]
[0.6890853643417358]
[1.7408833503723145]
[3.422830104827881]
[7.065915584564209]
[0.6228788495063782]
[8.641783714294434]
[61.0456428527832]
[3.580836296081543]
[4.6077470779418945]
[0.7260091304779053]
[6.686403751373291]
[1.2219194173812866]
[9.454227447509766]
[1.1159809827804565]
[0.6062995195388794]
[1.8502882719039917]
[1.390073299407959]
[1.4477059841156006]
[0.9747152924537659]
[0.986971914768219]
[1.3296477794647217]
[3.3640456199645996]
[0.49374857544898987]
[2.370382308959961]
[6.934388637542725]
[1.1149890422821045]
[4.755312919616699]
[3.191579580307007]
[66.88931274414062]
[0.637739896774292]
[3.1435604095458984]
[0.10533557087182999]
[0.5388818383216858]
[60.408477783203125]
[0.6521039009094238]
[123.7957992553711]
[183.22207641601562]
[0.6803649067878723]
[52.747615814208984]
[2.117758274078369]
[2.3252594470977783]
[0.256061315536499]
[3.6719396114349365]
[3.9393017292022705]
[2.2091262340545654]
[3.394974946975708]
[0.28622522950172424]
[7.711116790771484]
[0.30842795968055725]
[54.184146881103516]
[2.212463617324829]
[50.171180725097656]
[0.8684409260749817]
[1.0369629859924316]
[0.8447473049163818]
[0.2166936993598938]
[13.236882209777832]
[5.181981086730957]
[0.1978498250246048]
[3.164125442504883]
[0.24080723524093628]
[10.706727027893066]
[0.6889661550521851]
[75.2117691040039]
[4.496467113494873]
[8.645968437194824]
[1.8443683385849]
[0.4701400697231293]
[0.3120492994785309]
[0.6143973469734192]
[2.58270263671875]
[34.76335144042969]
[0.38132962584495544]
[2.380601406097412]
[0.7420501112937927]
[1.6531862020492554]
[1.7241548299789429]
[3.0764496326446533]
[6.622248649597168]
[4.902520656585693]
[0.24293452501296997]
[23.193401336669922]
[1.5239022970199585]
[2.700493812561035]
[0.2911052405834198]
[4.406864643096924]
[46.654319763183594]
[0.85523521900177]
[1.8465662002563477]
[0.29113441705703735]
[49.35264587402344]
[0.6318177580833435]
[1.1931458711624146]
[9.787961959838867]
[3.750124931335449]
[0.33130955696105957]
[2.8794095516204834]
[0.27903634309768677]
[0.1424606889486313]
[3.285421371459961]
[0.04590068757534027]
[28.801776885986328]
[2.710415840148926]
[1.323671579360962]
[0.6459187269210815]
[0.8194196224212646]
[1.2501721382141113]
[0.7158931493759155]
[0.2742140591144562]
[1.6151694059371948]
[1.1234192848205566]
[86.38274383544922]
[4.910581588745117]
[15.512157440185547]
[2.465632438659668]
[51.03288269042969]
[101.67567443847656]
[46.92213821411133]
[0.20324073731899261]
[2.889052629470825]
[0.8701240420341492]
[0.8836119174957275]
[8.83446216583252]
[2.175299882888794]
[0.8806833028793335]
[1.0255733728408813]
[2.62617564201355]
[3.0857903957366943]
[5.835594654083252]
[0.16505682468414307]
[8.610678672790527]
[2.5291666984558105]
[0.41825664043426514]
[1.8708685636520386]
[0.4250991940498352]
[1.286779761314392]
[4.979456901550293]
[2.6247522830963135]
[2.284895420074463]
[0.2791568636894226]
[0.8582918643951416]
[2.5936086177825928]
[0.6559217572212219]
[10.569160461425781]
[54.722991943359375]
[0.5157879590988159]
[20.96265411376953]
[0.4319140613079071]
[1.163613200187683]
[7.501314163208008]
[50.642181396484375]
[0.2787238657474518]
[0.8469443321228027]
[0.046812549233436584]
[3.2422873973846436]
[0.0800551101565361]
[21.775339126586914]
[1.5369813442230225]
[4.1176066398620605]
[1.732100009918213]
[4.752504825592041]
[1.1629811525344849]
[0.5349884629249573]
[5.564785003662109]
[2.80741810798645]
[0.8053798675537109]
[1.7392643690109253]
[1.5966299772262573]
[2.7440996170043945]
[0.32842814922332764]
[93.66011047363281]
[0.9666545391082764]
[2.3182015419006348]
[1.8151724338531494]
[2.733102321624756]
[1.9095256328582764]
[4.929464817047119]
[0.7549206614494324]
[4.525599002838135]
[0.7657716274261475]
[2.725579023361206]
[1.7969666719436646]
[0.488664448261261]
[5.582913875579834]
[0.7853230834007263]
[0.6329166889190674]
[0.053035151213407516]
[87.5511245727539]
[0.9848920702934265]
[0.3064579665660858]
[0.8388733863830566]
[2.046865701675415]
[11.260098457336426]
[1.6583852767944336]
[0.0857749953866005]
[1.70524263381958]
[2.245837450027466]
[0.6845115423202515]
[15.227638244628906]
[12.217355728149414]
[78.34496307373047]
[1.4170266389846802]
[1.523391604423523]
[0.721683144569397]
[4.782941818237305]
[1.0275053977966309]
[1.3461101055145264]
[8.040176391601562]
[0.8455830216407776]
[0.6005333065986633]
[93.629150390625]
[3.7407631874084473]
[0.9317856431007385]
[0.39785587787628174]
[2.303098201751709]
[1.5830471515655518]
[0.46264562010765076]
[0.6337526440620422]
[2.5336191654205322]
[8.783477783203125]
[0.7110446095466614]
[4.220207691192627]
[1.6070462465286255]
[9.743396759033203]
[0.42587167024612427]
[0.5961700677871704]
[2.7496225833892822]
[7.769956588745117]
[0.015106217004358768]
[71.51306915283203]
[3.6311635971069336]
[0.5655795931816101]
[1.281435251235962]
[4.19645881652832]
[0.4722268283367157]
[0.8924119472503662]
[1.3779494762420654]
[0.587387204170227]
[1.6854007244110107]
[0.4751349687576294]
[0.9544798135757446]
[3.3928258419036865]
[0.6063411831855774]
[168.03775024414062]
[0.5552362203598022]
[5.347959041595459]
[0.5190622806549072]
[0.07828228920698166]
[100.556884765625]
[0.5522024631500244]
[1.6455965042114258]
[1.936165452003479]
[2.155703067779541]
[2.0304291248321533]
[76.34986877441406]
[1.8996307849884033]
[1.2533881664276123]
[2.159564256668091]
[0.5099453926086426]
[0.4524877667427063]
[0.2833814322948456]
[1.5530017614364624]
[48.14158248901367]
[4.068723201751709]
[2.1062285900115967]
[2.8470821380615234]
[2.775954008102417]
[0.17330147325992584]
[1.181006908416748]
[4.836981773376465]
[25.522825241088867]
[0.24449636042118073]
[3.2682600021362305]
[1.3930609226226807]
[1.820357084274292]
[0.6865522265434265]
[0.4041418731212616]
[5.214695930480957]
[0.8844757080078125]
[159.2710418701172]
[0.36606624722480774]
[3.6924750804901123]
[0.466024249792099]
[0.7382798194885254]
[1.0257517099380493]
[0.24231058359146118]
[0.1131829246878624]
[1.041293740272522]
[1.3543092012405396]
[1.3723571300506592]
[1.5468075275421143]
[1.0097322463989258]
[33.93648147583008]
[1.313423752784729]
[1.0321766138076782]
[0.943696141242981]
[35.45286560058594]
[1.0950572490692139]
[4.515036582946777]
[1.7044237852096558]
[0.8320935964584351]
[1.1144909858703613]
[0.3475116789340973]
[3.4471240043640137]
[1.396342158317566]
[58.55461120605469]
[0.9984319806098938]
[5.058403968811035]
[57.47893524169922]
[7.500572681427002]
[0.4266911745071411]
[0.5443307757377625]
[0.6347444653511047]
[7.776263236999512]
[3.051516532897949]
[0.4595550298690796]
[1.2268662452697754]
[1.2262580394744873]
[3.330061912536621]
[17.124242782592773]
[4.850893974304199]
[4.064544200897217]
[8.358687400817871]
[0.6980465054512024]
[5.810403347015381]
[0.01317901723086834]
[5.797648906707764]
[2.0573034286499023]
[4.925113677978516]
[1.6785846948623657]
[0.010406400077044964]
[0.04910874739289284]
[2.4167730808258057]
[0.41134217381477356]
[0.2909180223941803]
[1.1309099197387695]
[2.610182523727417]
[0.7540323138237]
[0.29439860582351685]
[0.11140502244234085]
[27.246294021606445]
[0.934217095375061]
[1.3747233152389526]
[0.29870107769966125]
[2.4088666439056396]
[0.3661037087440491]
[6.4554548263549805]
[0.25914883613586426]
[0.18572692573070526]
[0.7090970873832703]
[1.5245798826217651]
[0.8117642998695374]
[1.1156672239303589]
[2.9832382202148438]
[1.5447927713394165]
[3.607710361480713]
[0.7618443965911865]
[0.18456853926181793]
[0.8938487768173218]
[0.779203474521637]
[2.6622629165649414]
[0.7631871700286865]
[0.025374148041009903]
[0.6224607229232788]
[0.7743186354637146]
[8.341994285583496]
[59.48674011230469]
[2.66375732421875]
[0.6779449582099915]
[0.948192298412323]
[1.5428396463394165]
[165.76718139648438]
[1.4857429265975952]
[0.14598269760608673]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.9147376418113708]
[2.1727395057678223]
[5.2792510986328125]
[2.0901358127593994]
[1.0182477235794067]
[0.4471384286880493]
[3.4825592041015625]
[0.317877858877182]
[53.509429931640625]
[0.46358028054237366]
[2.520634412765503]
[2.5442159175872803]
[0.41942936182022095]
[0.5067983865737915]
[76.66748809814453]
[1.1528266668319702]
[0.052688296884298325]
[1.383664846420288]
[0.3372305631637573]
[0.27661824226379395]
[177.51519775390625]
[3.5651683807373047]
[0.06896135956048965]
[2.6341958045959473]
[0.7101447582244873]
[2.1360628604888916]
[1.634385585784912]
[4.4121623039245605]
[0.5820565223693848]
[0.09311539679765701]
[2.545365333557129]
[0.24430623650550842]
[5.728978157043457]
[2.250967025756836]
[0.2688170075416565]
[2.128129005432129]
[2.446180582046509]
[0.10702606290578842]
[3.4835071563720703]
[0.7838207483291626]
[3.913651466369629]
[0.08169722557067871]
[0.814406156539917]
[0.7931981682777405]
[0.24932314455509186]
[4.806196212768555]
[3.0612518787384033]
[0.8430991172790527]
[4.0956573486328125]
[0.4834206700325012]
[0.18500618636608124]
[4.014127254486084]
[0.06497502326965332]
[0.8540900945663452]
[60.996578216552734]
[0.768780529499054]
[108.97620391845703]
[69.97911071777344]
[7.313877582550049]
[85.05619812011719]
[2.6677515506744385]
[0.538490891456604]
[2.3230135440826416]
[4.359421253204346]
[1.3911197185516357]
[3.262948989868164]
[4.325092315673828]
[3.204119920730591]
[0.9378716349601746]
[0.6920863389968872]
[2.1083223819732666]
[1.957069993019104]
[0.23114192485809326]
[234.12242126464844]
[0.2942435145378113]
[3.0985329151153564]
[6.8868584632873535]
[6.690710544586182]
[4.549359321594238]
[7.3894734382629395]
[2.5351738929748535]
[7.895169734954834]
[9.777238845825195]
[11.119770050048828]
[1.5169731378555298]
[1.355574607849121]
[0.011160360649228096]
[4.181302547454834]
[4.931596279144287]
[1.4801520109176636]
[9.55603313446045]
[0.2869495451450348]
[1.891961932182312]
[1.7644546031951904]
[46.347930908203125]
[0.5833396315574646]
[1.3379331827163696]
[1.9167462587356567]
[5.649113178253174]
[1.6932673454284668]
[1.0930832624435425]
[1.5455137491226196]
[2.6030211448669434]
[1.3195080757141113]
[2.6028549671173096]
[3.9917922019958496]
[1.2373168468475342]
[2.3058922290802]
[0.02398080751299858]
[1.0993760824203491]
[1.0536606311798096]
[3.3674893379211426]
[1.714226484298706]
[0.8876674175262451]
[1.3553508520126343]
[1.0860477685928345]
[2.48555850982666]
[124.29373168945312]
[1.674830675125122]
[0.6637946367263794]
[4.13411283493042]
[104.31356811523438]
[1.275310754776001]
[2.038662910461426]
[0.8678978085517883]
[4.110103130340576]
[3.521676540374756]
[2.6140289306640625]
[1.6906665563583374]
[74.10966491699219]
[0.015113923698663712]
[6.259811878204346]
[1.3643312454223633]
[0.20224161446094513]
[5.5354905128479]
[0.24142733216285706]
[0.14462822675704956]
[1.6348049640655518]
[2.550854206085205]
[1.5328400135040283]
[1.6564635038375854]
[4.4546217918396]
[2.088599443435669]
[2.2627758979797363]
[11.584026336669922]
[0.719621479511261]
[1.5327285528182983]
[0.7219386100769043]
[73.51423645019531]
[92.5904769897461]
[3.3782095909118652]
[120.12493896484375]
[3.50331974029541]
[1.7073800563812256]
[215.94419860839844]
[2.0509190559387207]
[2.495643377304077]
[3.769286870956421]
[3.258603572845459]
[0.16079181432724]
[4.68324089050293]
[0.5192015767097473]
[0.15839561820030212]
[1.7771283388137817]
[4.265809059143066]
[8.375771522521973]
[5.153420448303223]
[3.9345297813415527]
[10.463029861450195]
[2.3955934047698975]
[0.2532099485397339]
[5.816807746887207]
[7.690499305725098]
[1.4212778806686401]
[5.286208629608154]
[16.511268615722656]
[1.4120506048202515]
[28.877513885498047]
[7.000033378601074]
[46.872554779052734]
[6.166265487670898]
[2.9788506031036377]
[4.7165021896362305]
[1.1264630556106567]
[3.7078964710235596]
[2.176684617996216]
[81.54716491699219]
[2.722353458404541]
[0.19534166157245636]
[83.89643859863281]
[0.20177580416202545]
[2.7339892387390137]
[4.220916271209717]
[2.312474489212036]
[1.8652371168136597]
[0.2788583040237427]
[0.5891909599304199]
[5.038328647613525]
[10.165643692016602]
[5.051655292510986]
[0.07074225693941116]
[100.55575561523438]
[4.451811790466309]
[0.8427152037620544]
[0.6987835168838501]
[70.85067749023438]
[34.151241302490234]
[3.461277484893799]
[1.6875512599945068]
[2.380138874053955]
[8.802318572998047]
[7.209906101226807]
[0.6481295228004456]
[2.8019092082977295]
[10.849278450012207]
[1.8066275119781494]
[5.396211624145508]
[4.809932708740234]
[0.6053426861763]
[199.34527587890625]
[0.597318172454834]
[2.965876817703247]
[3.7439022064208984]
[0.42515528202056885]
[7.869377613067627]
[2.836629867553711]
[0.3236016035079956]
[1.1946210861206055]
[1.7091723680496216]
[27.058095932006836]
[0.8356691598892212]
[0.6966484785079956]
[1.538914680480957]
[1.8297959566116333]
[2.1034138202667236]
[0.09722808003425598]
[1.238754153251648]
[4.9730377197265625]
[1.554024338722229]
[5.2978901863098145]
[0.647757351398468]
[0.8811470866203308]
[0.42837071418762207]
[99.90157318115234]
[1.1155459880828857]
[1.4159432649612427]
[0.7769052982330322]
[3.4438467025756836]
[4.934479236602783]
[1.2992271184921265]
[2.229712724685669]
[0.6732274889945984]
[1.11228346824646]
[71.37686157226562]
[15.012735366821289]
[0.7818747758865356]
[0.5838595032691956]
[0.2789528965950012]
[1.0380176305770874]
[4.334878444671631]
[0.7695658802986145]
[0.9750922322273254]
[1.594119906425476]
[3.7524843215942383]
[0.8973318338394165]
[1.6642959117889404]
[3.623288631439209]
[0.6963937282562256]
[8.995502471923828]
[0.9601388573646545]
[0.7105082869529724]
[5.145742416381836]
[0.341678649187088]
[107.88845825195312]
[93.6385726928711]
[118.98863220214844]
[1.8216767311096191]
[0.1296338587999344]
[1.1824541091918945]
[4.756251811981201]
[1.6796295642852783]
[2.274982452392578]
[9.034110069274902]
[1.8534198999404907]
[7.222717761993408]
[0.18851514160633087]
[3.615300178527832]
[1.4373222589492798]
[5.18980598449707]
[0.3204120397567749]
[1.202989101409912]
[4.176482200622559]
[1.6354974508285522]
[5.675374984741211]
[6.657294273376465]
[0.7050800919532776]
[7.492271900177002]
[3.3795483112335205]
[1.3148107528686523]
[2.097257137298584]
[0.9735633134841919]
[1.4819793701171875]
[0.6789513230323792]
[0.9813821911811829]
[1.165886640548706]
[0.6189517378807068]
[1.0283317565917969]
[1.8520921468734741]
[1.0571980476379395]
[1.3148791790008545]
[1.5437365770339966]
[0.7854614853858948]
[3.1989378929138184]
[0.5986006259918213]
[1.6110795736312866]
[2.5078842639923096]
[1.416349172592163]
[77.78720092773438]
[60.17832565307617]
[2.246845245361328]
[0.37743237614631653]
[0.590440034866333]
[1.2524609565734863]
[0.3232334554195404]
[9.130559921264648]
[1.9154926538467407]
[2.2010090351104736]
[0.34824708104133606]
[0.02843639813363552]
[1.3236733675003052]
[0.8959687948226929]
[0.5416436195373535]
[0.48760300874710083]
[0.3948504626750946]
[2.728908061981201]
[0.019969239830970764]
[0.3078354001045227]
[2.672761917114258]
[0.7433097958564758]
[5.238154411315918]
[0.012476014904677868]
[4.661123275756836]
[2.8219826221466064]
[1.1845074892044067]
[5.374348163604736]
[0.6036043763160706]
[81.94235229492188]
[57.58461380004883]
[3.3988561630249023]
[2.979222297668457]
[0.672402024269104]
[0.9148221015930176]
[0.5216988325119019]
[2.49092960357666]
[0.6235498189926147]
[6.356070041656494]
[0.6269509792327881]
[0.8676744699478149]
[0.8871997594833374]
[91.04154968261719]
[12.899557113647461]
[32.730926513671875]
[2.1977875232696533]
[0.2562137842178345]
[7.803610324859619]
[10.427613258361816]
[9.659015655517578]
[0.3370506167411804]
[0.7369188666343689]
[2.8449182510375977]
[3.080564260482788]
[29.591796875]
[0.5014025568962097]
[2.571746587753296]
[0.5333539247512817]
[59.44551086425781]
[5.8260016441345215]
[147.17160034179688]
[0.9026857018470764]
[0.36663317680358887]
[0.408258855342865]
[2.936302423477173]
[101.03788757324219]
[5.71584939956665]
[29.029584884643555]
[1.3771629333496094]
[0.6995749473571777]
[1.042829155921936]
[5.099748134613037]
[3.1890451908111572]
[1.3019587993621826]
[0.2010161578655243]
[0.444807767868042]
[13.460068702697754]
[0.8910872936248779]
[0.6638864278793335]
[0.12107203155755997]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.661095142364502]
[2.6486518383026123]
[0.46688368916511536]
[1.2204722166061401]
[0.41653698682785034]
[4.505166530609131]
[0.035706449300050735]
[0.35412779450416565]
[0.35051143169403076]
[4.39428186416626]
[51.3508415222168]
[0.1033780500292778]
[2.1726796627044678]
[0.3559553921222687]
[0.01686624437570572]
[0.04190210998058319]
[0.2683526575565338]
[0.8370369076728821]
[0.276580274105072]
[31.005634307861328]
[45.54412078857422]
[2.0474817752838135]
[0.5098933577537537]
[0.19773823022842407]
[1.2253696918487549]
[77.00397491455078]
[0.4658265709877014]
[13.859728813171387]
[0.19747011363506317]
[0.3909009099006653]
[6.379256725311279]
[0.8181639313697815]
[0.5188634395599365]
[0.8834078311920166]
[5.728700160980225]
[106.90754699707031]
[1.473984956741333]
[3.1442291736602783]
[1.4739799499511719]
[0.5134133696556091]
[0.5715548992156982]
[0.8870835304260254]
[2.4797773361206055]
[1.1870219707489014]
[1.0423368215560913]
[0.6419364809989929]
[2.5323660373687744]
[0.6314590573310852]
[9.75976848602295]
[98.89112091064453]
[3.887843608856201]
[4.879245758056641]
[0.34202632308006287]
[0.3508571684360504]
[1.6774591207504272]
[1.3415640592575073]
[0.6515238285064697]
[0.2540839910507202]
[0.5605168342590332]
[1.9848005771636963]
[2.8250842094421387]
[3.6705007553100586]
[0.5302242636680603]
[4.929797172546387]
[1.216493844985962]
[0.29341360926628113]
[0.35496291518211365]
[0.41512054204940796]
[21.340595245361328]
[0.2866538166999817]
[1.7635469436645508]
[5.128262996673584]
[0.17042021453380585]
[1.1608500480651855]
[0.16674116253852844]
[0.03989909961819649]
[0.6154873371124268]
[3.0366101264953613]
[95.07195281982422]
[2.7895667552948]
[1.5214552879333496]
[0.15026608109474182]
[0.14815634489059448]
[2.2018930912017822]
[0.2063378095626831]
[0.8609778881072998]
[2.3668723106384277]
[5.744717597961426]
[5.571751594543457]
[4.7614970207214355]
[114.09577941894531]
[2.35892915725708]
[0.26072144508361816]
[1.2028807401657104]
[4.9903340339660645]
[3.6889376640319824]
[0.8231084942817688]
[0.7086045145988464]
[2.3934133052825928]
[0.6697747707366943]
[1.0668941736221313]
[0.8820748329162598]
[0.2855636477470398]
[0.6397009491920471]
[18.315038681030273]
[0.5848877429962158]
[0.03974732756614685]
[77.41827392578125]
[268.549072265625]
[5.91507625579834]
[0.04231606423854828]
[3.1368508338928223]
[0.6910220384597778]
[0.7358055114746094]
[111.77245330810547]
[5.755760669708252]
[0.7950636148452759]
[13.819266319274902]
[5.444707870483398]
[5.705557823181152]
[4.729012489318848]
[6.984553337097168]
[46.46186065673828]
[3.491786003112793]
[0.4975602328777313]
[1.9838743209838867]
[60.11402893066406]
[10.310002326965332]
[0.3126116991043091]
[1.3470689058303833]
[2.5856082439422607]
[0.23194271326065063]
[2.7374930381774902]
[35.193111419677734]
[0.8357411026954651]
[2.9786508083343506]
[4.3113179206848145]
[5.563406944274902]
[1.8231608867645264]
[2.590632438659668]
[3.671238660812378]
[6.486004829406738]
[2.27296781539917]
[2.0895192623138428]
[0.010419939644634724]
[0.2848036587238312]
[79.72827911376953]
[2.031780481338501]
[0.7765614986419678]
[9.767069816589355]
[0.9044488668441772]
[0.9248710870742798]
[2.670700788497925]
[1.6130414009094238]
[69.392578125]
[1.0703927278518677]
[1.0479930639266968]
[0.8130714893341064]
[1.5490999221801758]
[0.7729699015617371]
[0.08733139932155609]
[62.67447280883789]
[1.616860032081604]
[0.6775394678115845]
[0.7613860368728638]
[3.249415397644043]
[10.680170059204102]
[0.5729220509529114]
[27.551982879638672]
[2.214587450027466]
[4.796998500823975]
[5.388679027557373]
[2.642096519470215]
[28.824199676513672]
[0.24833515286445618]
[2.4120163917541504]
[0.26849836111068726]
[3.994779586791992]
[3.0218122005462646]
[2.6035687923431396]
[1.5699052810668945]
[1.5382499694824219]
[0.846945583820343]
[8.881176948547363]
[4.5796942710876465]
[1.4907439947128296]
[0.34171971678733826]
[1.8292067050933838]
[0.7225849628448486]
[0.8518646359443665]
[1.0654916763305664]
[1.1833407878875732]
[0.7679854035377502]
[0.11715975403785706]
[5.2173662185668945]
[0.5290939807891846]
[2.3096413612365723]
[0.40259063243865967]
[0.7459694147109985]
[4.849673271179199]
[0.9850159287452698]
[0.5330173373222351]
[1.8015823364257812]
[1.4460594654083252]
[1.7797611951828003]
[54.913394927978516]
[1.4492229223251343]
[7.8923115730285645]
[1.6655279397964478]
[0.2875986695289612]
[0.6553843021392822]
[0.37392130494117737]
[0.009600305929780006]
[3.112027883529663]
[0.9566373229026794]
[0.7240305542945862]
[4.0161213874816895]
[2.5320818424224854]
[0.6041415333747864]
[0.253592312335968]
[0.4651634693145752]
[0.5600983500480652]
[3.1636245250701904]
[0.7915674448013306]
[27.80559539794922]
[0.550385057926178]
[1.0266356468200684]
[0.7764063477516174]
[0.47231417894363403]
[0.8010356426239014]
[0.4493257999420166]
[0.5441228747367859]
[0.060883574187755585]
[62.641441345214844]
[1.588295578956604]
[0.7724673748016357]
[0.21929138898849487]
[4.09581184387207]
[4.8574371337890625]
[1.7963026762008667]
[1.6296290159225464]
[77.9673843383789]
[2.0994069576263428]
[5.407782077789307]
[0.38511598110198975]
[52.08646011352539]
[3.066685676574707]
[1.9016131162643433]
[1.1744601726531982]
[0.01250920444726944]
[1.5224534273147583]
[2.9316940307617188]
[16.907201766967773]
[3.8715360164642334]
[2.641843795776367]
[0.1898162066936493]
[0.7197690010070801]
[1.7667970657348633]
[0.4436030983924866]
[0.5292927026748657]
[8.866761207580566]
[125.28155517578125]
[122.97315216064453]
[300.7813720703125]
[0.508266031742096]
[0.8171932697296143]
[1.8606988191604614]
[0.49864497780799866]
[5.289715766906738]
[1.509079098701477]
[5.396332263946533]
[35.16972732543945]
[3.230257987976074]
[3.532865285873413]
[3.9949164390563965]
[1.4388231039047241]
[2.788604736328125]
[1.74723482131958]
[1.082063913345337]
[0.2835266590118408]
[4.9719743728637695]
[83.26077270507812]
[81.93672943115234]
[51.09049987792969]
[1.3246110677719116]
[2.52390193939209]
[1.9653223752975464]
[6.356363296508789]
[0.2894797623157501]
[0.029142742976546288]
[0.5275988578796387]
[4.663193702697754]
[81.86487579345703]
[3.268090009689331]
[99.90206909179688]
[1.755487322807312]
[3.658398151397705]
[1.2315272092819214]
[0.5168827772140503]
[0.41194042563438416]
[3.0714218616485596]
[0.27469414472579956]
[35.54469299316406]
[1.3545304536819458]
[2.828946113586426]
[2.6126766204833984]
[10.102553367614746]
[6.158685684204102]
[0.872025728225708]
[18.902254104614258]
[0.9870966076850891]
[2.4996137619018555]
[5.364741802215576]
[0.5182536840438843]
[0.8368655443191528]
[0.7043443322181702]
[2.635115385055542]
[0.549709677696228]
[0.7686529755592346]
[88.75421905517578]
[5.26565408706665]
[2.0971219539642334]
[0.8789064288139343]
[6.313152313232422]
[4.356663703918457]
[0.2460765391588211]
[2.1618010997772217]
[7.926711559295654]
[6.253612041473389]
[0.03747015446424484]
[3.2202141284942627]
[64.31781005859375]
[13.745818138122559]
[21.77602767944336]
[40.324275970458984]
[0.07684333622455597]
[0.2761056423187256]
[2.8785505294799805]
[1.6678526401519775]
[9.594133377075195]
[2.901573419570923]
[93.67877197265625]
[0.5969910621643066]
[1.9233816862106323]
[3.0683770179748535]
[3.1052682399749756]
[87.80046081542969]
[11.123376846313477]
[0.3892796039581299]
[0.1533319056034088]
[0.12177558243274689]
[5.537905216217041]
[7.916810989379883]
[0.3530438542366028]
[0.12606728076934814]
[3.7608373165130615]
[52.44794464111328]
[2.506693124771118]
[0.2566993832588196]
[9.281872749328613]
[6.33551025390625]
[78.61597442626953]
[4.932502269744873]
[5.113779067993164]
[0.03439290449023247]
[0.6177220344543457]
[0.10035565495491028]
[0.9739823341369629]
[13.071708679199219]
[0.512787401676178]
[15.86395263671875]
[4.78950309753418]
[1.8986543416976929]
[232.8409423828125]
[3.889747381210327]
[0.39449968934059143]
[2.3642024993896484]
[4.254781723022461]
[0.5270304679870605]
[0.03144687041640282]
[171.8028106689453]
[4.895921230316162]
[0.992796778678894]
[121.06473541259766]
[0.009913531132042408]
[5.884645938873291]
[0.16603177785873413]
[144.5749969482422]
[0.9718983173370361]
[109.11956024169922]
[2.3911993503570557]
[0.06712671369314194]
[4.027733325958252]
[101.47032928466797]
[0.03320259228348732]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[28.976055145263672]
[114.81236267089844]
[2.3326668739318848]
[4.660025119781494]
[0.4048455059528351]
[4.378119945526123]
[5.6246185302734375]
[3.6888883113861084]
[4.117133617401123]
[0.8748114705085754]
[5.5037126541137695]
[4.493818759918213]
[0.22966086864471436]
[3.028843879699707]
[0.6419916749000549]
[107.9995346069336]
[0.008773594163358212]
[3.5108392238616943]
[2.8068313598632812]
[1.590558648109436]
[2.851588249206543]
[4.019672393798828]
[3.0633339881896973]
[1.6045231819152832]
[38.454715728759766]
[1.6231263875961304]
[101.88529205322266]
[0.3213497996330261]
[8.30960464477539]
[6.286332607269287]
[6.189558506011963]
[3.0906593799591064]
[1.9689918756484985]
[3.735142230987549]
[45.45564270019531]
[1.4967520236968994]
[7.634222507476807]
[1.8044943809509277]
[5.1834716796875]
[1.2575783729553223]
[1.585420846939087]
[0.9706324934959412]
[0.8133533596992493]
[9.783102035522461]
[1.2459707260131836]
[4.727913856506348]
[4.0042948722839355]
[0.2904738485813141]
[0.9439637660980225]
[0.6727496981620789]
[0.8504760265350342]
[1.5956120491027832]
[60.433990478515625]
[3.438300371170044]
[0.6998576521873474]
[1.6807092428207397]
[1.267166256904602]
[0.008547984063625336]
[2.5868515968322754]
[2.8215560913085938]
[0.3962627351284027]
[73.62235260009766]
[3.4207794666290283]
[0.6868388652801514]
[4.902298450469971]
[0.030839789658784866]
[0.0783051922917366]
[1.236548662185669]
[4.461084365844727]
[0.04290962591767311]
[0.300001859664917]
[1.8965187072753906]
[0.19705432653427124]
[0.644496738910675]
[1.4844683408737183]
[0.7175148129463196]
[0.5011138319969177]
[9.066202163696289]
[0.6906449794769287]
[2.6641173362731934]
[1.7005507946014404]
[0.7562021017074585]
[0.01177983172237873]
[1.1892175674438477]
[2.269082546234131]
[0.26311254501342773]
[54.930335998535156]
[0.3408830761909485]
[7.396707534790039]
[1.7192927598953247]
[56.645145416259766]
[2.470991611480713]
[0.6208491325378418]
[4.540207862854004]
[0.8813466429710388]
[0.46639484167099]
[0.657439112663269]
[0.036150943487882614]
[74.11473846435547]
[2.298820734024048]
[0.4236684739589691]
[115.54175567626953]
[1.175207495689392]
[12.99355697631836]
[2.5613317489624023]
[0.20108823478221893]
[3.3585031032562256]
[7.323990345001221]
[99.1221694946289]
[2.493922710418701]
[0.0193284023553133]
[57.480411529541016]
[1.0637445449829102]
[2.6819803714752197]
[4.299940586090088]
[0.16447414457798004]
[5.956337928771973]
[0.6441258788108826]
[19.923978805541992]
[18.030162811279297]
[2.420902967453003]
[0.06441008299589157]
[56.691444396972656]
[2.5319573879241943]
[1.6861439943313599]
[6.764388561248779]
[0.10621548444032669]
[33.2440071105957]
[2.2043254375457764]
[55.28456497192383]
[70.96825408935547]
[0.7867515683174133]
[3.057626962661743]
[0.03245191276073456]
[1.2714494466781616]
[7.607690334320068]
[0.2658059895038605]
[6.286348342895508]
[3.110917329788208]
[0.7407252788543701]
[0.1587071716785431]
[0.4696233868598938]
[0.05881968140602112]
[108.91515350341797]
[0.6213598847389221]
[4.445147514343262]
[14.972952842712402]
[3.995389461517334]
[0.10934958606958389]
[73.81181335449219]
[1.611811876296997]
[0.8762747049331665]
[1.011143445968628]
[2.437504768371582]
[6.392830848693848]
[3.124709129333496]
[1.118260383605957]
[0.12748168408870697]
[83.58415985107422]
[0.1318988800048828]
[1.007672905921936]
[0.8218658566474915]
[0.3719882667064667]
[0.9724141955375671]
[5.291564464569092]
[0.3639807105064392]
[1.3134137392044067]
[1.110970139503479]
[1.9874317646026611]
[5.51094913482666]
[1.0342308282852173]
[4.402869701385498]
[7.533549785614014]
[1.289473295211792]
[5.276430606842041]
[0.7032980918884277]
[6.8287153244018555]
[0.3810065984725952]
[4.255706787109375]
[3.9757022857666016]
[0.0006012966623529792]
[89.43191528320312]
[0.36793282628059387]
[1.8493874073028564]
[1.9852187633514404]
[1.6581250429153442]
[0.5312146544456482]
[1.1318243741989136]
[0.7344061136245728]
[0.7814435362815857]
[0.6648368835449219]
[2.7195706367492676]
[6.342315196990967]
[74.33074951171875]
[3.5508902072906494]
[0.17213496565818787]
[1.8821194171905518]
[7.122894763946533]
[2.396582841873169]
[6.1332783699035645]
[0.2067517638206482]
[0.06474144756793976]
[1.3239730596542358]
[3.608246088027954]
[1.4737013578414917]
[0.00836094468832016]
[2.1912500858306885]
[69.6964340209961]
[9.186206817626953]
[2.0329113006591797]
[1.2990878820419312]
[2.967628240585327]
[1.5385258197784424]
[0.10654126107692719]
[0.6224726438522339]
[0.047885652631521225]
[249.86013793945312]
[1.9329164028167725]
[1.4447284936904907]
[4.049340724945068]
[3.9751498699188232]
[2.2150256633758545]
[3.2756881713867188]
[1.803846001625061]
[6.852606296539307]
[0.20775353908538818]
[1.4904359579086304]
[0.022544829174876213]
[6.224613189697266]
[6.001514911651611]
[4.069896221160889]
[0.16849881410598755]
[2.5275228023529053]
[1.369786024093628]
[0.011228148825466633]
[8.845163345336914]
[8.594527244567871]
[0.30229562520980835]
[1.2008616924285889]
[0.03678062930703163]
[0.5461284518241882]
[2.605409622192383]
[1.1692607402801514]
[0.5687481760978699]
[0.08079921454191208]
[1.2375092506408691]
[5.267923355102539]
[70.82289123535156]
[3.545225143432617]
[1.237252950668335]
[2.263395309448242]
[0.4443783462047577]
[0.028723588213324547]
[58.37163543701172]
[65.99230194091797]
[0.7045091390609741]
[0.8162944316864014]
[3.042889356613159]
[0.10774364322423935]
[0.021099476143717766]
[4.244304180145264]
[1.7415480613708496]
[3.376915693283081]
[115.28800964355469]
[0.031171048060059547]
[64.1670913696289]
[0.9884076714515686]
[3.9957005977630615]
[2.994612216949463]
[1.2278332710266113]
[3.399406671524048]
[3.3043172359466553]
[0.48022761940956116]
[52.044559478759766]
[1.932928204536438]
[2.374786615371704]
[26.207908630371094]
[0.024893248453736305]
[4.06496524810791]
[0.5649216771125793]
[0.07627681642770767]
[2.5638132095336914]
[39.8720817565918]
[3.847658634185791]
[0.6518862247467041]
[1.48610258102417]
[3.6077756881713867]
[4.495660781860352]
[6.550391674041748]
[2.220701217651367]
[0.01877732202410698]
[77.70133972167969]
[1.6701903343200684]
[0.49689528346061707]
[1.4195643663406372]
[2.1225991249084473]
[0.2250932902097702]
[2.713555097579956]
[2.9483819007873535]
[0.07213860750198364]
[1.9711865186691284]
[4.073650360107422]
[0.03760938346385956]
[27.025653839111328]
[72.51202392578125]
[0.7667538523674011]
[0.9958462715148926]
[3.477219820022583]
[0.06933416426181793]
[0.6376680135726929]
[62.52146530151367]
[0.09853921085596085]
[0.32164955139160156]
[30.24907875061035]
[3.5200846195220947]
[6.936489105224609]
[0.7746216058731079]
[0.17095018923282623]
[0.699098527431488]
[1.2065223455429077]
[1.4938980340957642]
[0.6408427357673645]
[65.85142517089844]
[0.859232485294342]
[18.121688842773438]
[2.0824637413024902]
[2.9628303050994873]
[4.337133407592773]
[40.50373458862305]
[1.144248127937317]
[47.160850524902344]
[5.467541694641113]
[15.063755989074707]
[1.598941683769226]
[109.74160766601562]
[77.14916229248047]
[50.38359069824219]
[8.232503890991211]
[3.404649019241333]
[11.448908805847168]
[15.004647254943848]
[0.015268144197762012]
[3.5848519802093506]
[2.7870731353759766]
[45.140113830566406]
[2.062657356262207]
[57.580665588378906]
[21.78607940673828]
[1.0725191831588745]
[13.428322792053223]
[0.12798713147640228]
[2.7433414459228516]
[59.013858795166016]
[1.2586908340454102]
[2.8973538875579834]
[9.650558471679688]
[3.963073968887329]
[2.8114099502563477]
[5.761844635009766]
[0.2515563666820526]
[3.4350528717041016]
[0.8282766938209534]
[0.11058405041694641]
[89.271484375]
[0.40696120262145996]
[5.831622123718262]
[2.37748384475708]
[15.687909126281738]
[0.6980433464050293]
[3.10414981842041]
[1.3796993494033813]
[0.06992995738983154]
[2.8891870975494385]
[5.597654819488525]
[1.6761903762817383]
[1.8423211574554443]
[0.5703856945037842]
[0.6306151747703552]
[0.9614143371582031]
[1.1258137226104736]
[0.6963353157043457]
[241.96820068359375]
[52.62372970581055]
[7.846979141235352]
[0.9680953025817871]
[6.789973258972168]
[52.166202545166016]
[1.9586542844772339]
[0.016221141442656517]
[1.6823344230651855]
[1.957278847694397]
[5.793423652648926]
[6.313075065612793]
[1.823209285736084]
[0.051939450204372406]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.47573840618133545]
[2.7934091091156006]
[1.6789658069610596]
[0.045762933790683746]
[2.4353020191192627]
[5.461927890777588]
[0.44336310029029846]
[1.9394415616989136]
[0.42399218678474426]
[3.8488824367523193]
[0.7713627815246582]
[0.3872365653514862]
[1.9252674579620361]
[1.2108162641525269]
[0.6503903865814209]
[1.5253455638885498]
[3.4585280418395996]
[2.6613547801971436]
[1.3599982261657715]
[3.0004358291625977]
[0.3770686686038971]
[0.27189040184020996]
[1.5189337730407715]
[2.7346036434173584]
[1.1579279899597168]
[1.3953149318695068]
[60.529273986816406]
[0.2501477897167206]
[1.0479165315628052]
[0.02938874252140522]
[0.9576002359390259]
[2.3693552017211914]
[0.9131068587303162]
[0.0915919691324234]
[0.9398685693740845]
[2.945267677307129]
[0.7510032653808594]
[2.5429701805114746]
[5.981393814086914]
[1.4470340013504028]
[3.453056573867798]
[3.105245351791382]
[2.8222496509552]
[0.647605299949646]
[1.1066553592681885]
[10.26353645324707]
[0.5724474191665649]
[0.0755644291639328]
[30.981216430664062]
[0.2209201604127884]
[2.4297945499420166]
[0.6337100267410278]
[0.5826520323753357]
[2.0575973987579346]
[13.779720306396484]
[0.04307445138692856]
[0.19383764266967773]
[0.01635262742638588]
[2.079732894897461]
[0.5957971215248108]
[0.7107141613960266]
[0.02553793229162693]
[0.5866096615791321]
[0.4645613729953766]
[69.78536224365234]
[3.7661097049713135]
[0.3197535574436188]
[77.8553695678711]
[56.5474967956543]
[1.943602442741394]
[0.33381789922714233]
[75.9636459350586]
[2.015636682510376]
[0.2479812204837799]
[45.819210052490234]
[20.993131637573242]
[2.9247591495513916]
[1.1418819427490234]
[3.072650194168091]
[0.17748087644577026]
[5.155514717102051]
[10.365107536315918]
[0.3522486090660095]
[7.924290180206299]
[50.23200225830078]
[1.130160927772522]
[1.1602683067321777]
[0.09477561712265015]
[69.13853454589844]
[0.7272463440895081]
[3.8174333572387695]
[8.028331756591797]
[3.6341891288757324]
[1.680587649345398]
[7.925135612487793]
[0.06916195899248123]
[4.209352016448975]
[8.592530250549316]
[0.01293594017624855]
[2.6177616119384766]
[1.3372958898544312]
[0.09559334814548492]
[1.2755310535430908]
[2.7008278369903564]
[2.3857483863830566]
[0.37123042345046997]
[19.513946533203125]
[0.9298877716064453]
[6.521832466125488]
[0.4911895990371704]
[0.9750285148620605]
[2.560894250869751]
[0.4045827090740204]
[4.811128616333008]
[0.4436369240283966]
[0.8019542098045349]
[0.9123453497886658]
[2.6311957836151123]
[1.8279533386230469]
[6.3289899826049805]
[0.5585146546363831]
[15.753405570983887]
[0.7254894971847534]
[0.21166016161441803]
[1.2953115701675415]
[0.7320811748504639]
[0.7487461566925049]
[5.7709503173828125]
[9.52381420135498]
[2.660590887069702]
[1.0309135913848877]
[0.5361911654472351]
[0.5945386290550232]
[66.72814178466797]
[2.0717246532440186]
[2.3355486392974854]
[0.6621447801589966]
[0.6757564544677734]
[0.5317550897598267]
[0.48211026191711426]
[4.749897480010986]
[0.518170952796936]
[51.901458740234375]
[1.163536787033081]
[0.7935854196548462]
[1.2350562810897827]
[13.852855682373047]
[2.178635358810425]
[7.435211181640625]
[1.2664715051651]
[1.9326893091201782]
[0.03536646440625191]
[0.46292704343795776]
[2.019801378250122]
[49.31122589111328]
[1.5881752967834473]
[0.7640408277511597]
[0.17085859179496765]
[0.40008971095085144]
[1.2063179016113281]
[1.4892621040344238]
[1.1821857690811157]
[0.7347365617752075]
[0.0693959891796112]
[0.8611835241317749]
[1.301913857460022]
[0.5703756809234619]
[3.8804357051849365]
[0.4689255654811859]
[10.957084655761719]
[1.020286202430725]
[3.215643882751465]
[1.4523429870605469]
[2.8726694583892822]
[0.4242967963218689]
[0.8139309883117676]
[1.9382935762405396]
[1.0976542234420776]
[0.018868716433644295]
[1.2499526739120483]
[1.6288238763809204]
[1.8819470405578613]
[1.0240930318832397]
[1.387376070022583]
[0.40248486399650574]
[0.6300985217094421]
[0.7445857524871826]
[2.297701597213745]
[0.5701814293861389]
[2.441528558731079]
[0.0120106665417552]
[0.9173920154571533]
[0.5176785588264465]
[0.6359377503395081]
[0.3839889168739319]
[0.19968301057815552]
[1.5794572830200195]
[1.013988971710205]
[0.03748278319835663]
[0.03683437779545784]
[0.28100812435150146]
[224.30697631835938]
[0.6468997001647949]
[3.3011035919189453]
[82.62112426757812]
[15.928805351257324]
[4.2316694259643555]
[35.354347229003906]
[98.7934799194336]
[2.6369643211364746]
[0.040253620594739914]
[171.1142120361328]
[0.005654234439134598]
[0.15788115561008453]
[3.024693012237549]
[1.339813232421875]
[11.000545501708984]
[0.6664270758628845]
[0.29826343059539795]
[12.75613021850586]
[75.5079574584961]
[0.6812446713447571]
[2.132777214050293]
[8.40320110321045]
[0.340907484292984]
[2.331983804702759]
[5.243464946746826]
[2.5949716567993164]
[0.2376524806022644]
[4.762637138366699]
[2.946859121322632]
[3.9183907508850098]
[6.878012657165527]
[2.4314770698547363]
[52.061519622802734]
[2.8210794925689697]
[0.4801900386810303]
[4.591069221496582]
[0.02890911139547825]
[0.5030754804611206]
[0.335977703332901]
[0.01633383519947529]
[3.4986941814422607]
[23.638399124145508]
[0.014507422223687172]
[5.363887786865234]
[1.9112063646316528]
[1.519709587097168]
[1.9663512706756592]
[3.9964585304260254]
[2.9144766330718994]
[1.2324291467666626]
[0.019140785560011864]
[74.5848617553711]
[73.00255584716797]
[0.27527639269828796]
[1.134294867515564]
[0.9933517575263977]
[2.438579797744751]
[0.9139007329940796]
[1.2236220836639404]
[2.9027156829833984]
[16.917682647705078]
[1.8516898155212402]
[1.3190823793411255]
[0.8935744762420654]
[3.085050106048584]
[0.2652727961540222]
[1.9542725086212158]
[1.150078296661377]
[0.9750131368637085]
[0.2529776692390442]
[0.6834862232208252]
[47.391571044921875]
[1.6549372673034668]
[0.706494927406311]
[1.3340798616409302]
[7.695380210876465]
[9.217963218688965]
[17.173830032348633]
[3.434277296066284]
[69.32797241210938]
[1.9883410930633545]
[0.9695404171943665]
[1.7128907442092896]
[0.31971806287765503]
[0.7740183472633362]
[0.5243175625801086]
[79.65017700195312]
[34.71654510498047]
[1.448048710823059]
[54.144432067871094]
[1.5144050121307373]
[0.4091397821903229]
[54.5467414855957]
[0.36322951316833496]
[1.3820815086364746]
[0.3616953194141388]
[0.7624136209487915]
[2.7263193130493164]
[0.004575021099299192]
[2.4365501403808594]
[1.287091851234436]
[2.2666068077087402]
[5.329498767852783]
[0.03554945066571236]
[0.6744232773780823]
[3.7486093044281006]
[2.090884208679199]
[2.839833974838257]
[1.4650511741638184]
[11.790213584899902]
[2.3863794803619385]
[1.0324686765670776]
[2.474543809890747]
[3.818418025970459]
[1.199344277381897]
[111.91464233398438]
[1.1964631080627441]
[0.7960569858551025]
[1.8927769660949707]
[0.1866491734981537]
[5.138620376586914]
[0.08965349197387695]
[7.875008583068848]
[87.20271301269531]
[1.739674687385559]
[271.2305908203125]
[0.49005091190338135]
[6.554720401763916]
[2.005807638168335]
[0.8911124467849731]
[1.3915268182754517]
[8.508193016052246]
[0.00370966549962759]
[4.768252372741699]
[55.036643981933594]
[1.8272349834442139]
[5.044522762298584]
[4.104689121246338]
[66.43673706054688]
[1.6859431266784668]
[2.289677619934082]
[5.045534133911133]
[6.8705034255981445]
[0.032710395753383636]
[0.5301435589790344]
[2.8480451107025146]
[2.473726511001587]
[4.611730575561523]
[6.868257999420166]
[1.2824833393096924]
[60.304927825927734]
[2.9207565784454346]
[7.468505859375]
[3.2878453731536865]
[4.152766227722168]
[110.59623718261719]
[3.9258673191070557]
[0.6644351482391357]
[2.0079667568206787]
[0.5157052874565125]
[3.2279164791107178]
[0.08147763460874557]
[41.816993713378906]
[2.3089792728424072]
[0.9254263043403625]
[4.028360366821289]
[2.7447190284729004]
[106.90907287597656]
[3.7321317195892334]
[4.077807426452637]
[2.011798858642578]
[3.178746223449707]
[2.0055601596832275]
[2.7628285884857178]
[1.6747626066207886]
[5.012110233306885]
[0.05197092518210411]
[2.4412410259246826]
[6.1505351066589355]
[1.7910271883010864]
[0.13434483110904694]
[0.30032622814178467]
[105.07320404052734]
[2.246673822402954]
[2.767599105834961]
[64.33032989501953]
[0.014484265819191933]
[6.279616832733154]
[1.2037131786346436]
[0.5589799284934998]
[1.5695081949234009]
[0.1418459564447403]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[74.62727355957031]
[0.669669508934021]
[0.9748117923736572]
[3.496830940246582]
[59.814517974853516]
[0.24778491258621216]
[4.430253505706787]
[12.463178634643555]
[29.595623016357422]
[3.122318983078003]
[2.663334846496582]
[3.316162109375]
[3.469541311264038]
[0.0832907035946846]
[1.2672141790390015]
[11.496955871582031]
[49.7709846496582]
[0.9103293418884277]
[2.7881100177764893]
[3.514080762863159]
[4.667757987976074]
[0.024197272956371307]
[7.447732448577881]
[0.8230262994766235]
[9.007776260375977]
[2.4416608810424805]
[0.7129113078117371]
[8.45336627960205]
[0.7723391056060791]
[1.6902700662612915]
[0.874713659286499]
[0.4866887032985687]
[0.8160272240638733]
[1.8762508630752563]
[3.1526858806610107]
[0.9685941934585571]
[6.357089996337891]
[1.2855037450790405]
[0.02895391546189785]
[0.642768383026123]
[0.0904599279165268]
[0.3109241724014282]
[0.3127436339855194]
[9.052260398864746]
[0.3769298791885376]
[53.065765380859375]
[4.949202537536621]
[1.308326244354248]
[1.1166268587112427]
[12.17509651184082]
[0.39548251032829285]
[0.803280770778656]
[0.35411158204078674]
[0.34957030415534973]
[0.6423647999763489]
[3.402498722076416]
[0.34690356254577637]
[4.789366722106934]
[1.4423197507858276]
[55.46657180786133]
[46.57770538330078]
[0.46738624572753906]
[0.686245322227478]
[0.2576276361942291]
[0.5757047533988953]
[0.3474641740322113]
[3.5423684120178223]
[0.26167914271354675]
[0.16910773515701294]
[0.3043045997619629]
[0.4516342282295227]
[0.41335633397102356]
[0.42703497409820557]
[2.142390727996826]
[0.0719255805015564]
[2.2555580139160156]
[61.4871826171875]
[1.4882832765579224]
[1.1956218481063843]
[0.2824782133102417]
[0.8641888499259949]
[0.7154658436775208]
[2.0121982097625732]
[3.005653142929077]
[0.4149348735809326]
[1.923720359802246]
[6.171142578125]
[7.316532135009766]
[98.27592468261719]
[0.41344740986824036]
[0.3417622447013855]
[177.62867736816406]
[6.022049427032471]
[0.23899096250534058]
[77.08605194091797]
[2.688887357711792]
[0.21058213710784912]
[24.832674026489258]
[2.1155595779418945]
[1.8658993244171143]
[0.02432716079056263]
[4.671563625335693]
[0.4543999433517456]
[1.5833384990692139]
[1.1806628704071045]
[1.9956915378570557]
[1.4114373922348022]
[2.4135901927948]
[97.56060791015625]
[2.296738624572754]
[1.5361348390579224]
[7.669473648071289]
[2.033524990081787]
[2.0453529357910156]
[2.0893073081970215]
[9.078124046325684]
[0.4426865875720978]
[0.9208477735519409]
[0.011353743262588978]
[60.559654235839844]
[194.59677124023438]
[1.628562569618225]
[3.2685656547546387]
[3.6836514472961426]
[0.413585901260376]
[3.039320707321167]
[5.160494327545166]
[0.8348767757415771]
[0.32218167185783386]
[0.06261318922042847]
[4.61550760269165]
[1.0765880346298218]
[7.972898960113525]
[4.518614768981934]
[0.3107919692993164]
[0.8949491381645203]
[0.8118125200271606]
[56.964900970458984]
[0.006500432267785072]
[1.389329195022583]
[1.0042526721954346]
[1.1735275983810425]
[1.2491412162780762]
[0.2952130138874054]
[72.69485473632812]
[10.368852615356445]
[0.36602336168289185]
[0.37450963258743286]
[2.5418813228607178]
[1.3566988706588745]
[3.896122455596924]
[3.236488103866577]
[2.9925155639648438]
[7.2486162185668945]
[1.863831639289856]
[0.5890566110610962]
[0.887617826461792]
[4.4429731369018555]
[0.8584229946136475]
[61.297733306884766]
[8.348093032836914]
[3.456014633178711]
[0.3248046040534973]
[0.48592376708984375]
[8.706849098205566]
[3.1465768814086914]
[5.508427143096924]
[0.5752962231636047]
[1.357063889503479]
[1.1377742290496826]
[4.5245537757873535]
[1.6397250890731812]
[0.7856144905090332]
[81.94226837158203]
[0.7119691967964172]
[78.47527313232422]
[2.952364206314087]
[3.9820032119750977]
[0.011767933145165443]
[1.4139257669448853]
[1.4590919017791748]
[45.430233001708984]
[11.503427505493164]
[6.863877773284912]
[0.7272554636001587]
[236.9055633544922]
[0.3386109173297882]
[3.9539644718170166]
[0.23660700023174286]
[64.84363555908203]
[185.24464416503906]
[0.5216059684753418]
[3.8502447605133057]
[9.478543281555176]
[3.522718906402588]
[2.3427162170410156]
[0.2784627676010132]
[4.705634117126465]
[0.026841191574931145]
[2.654695749282837]
[2.306807279586792]
[1.0901366472244263]
[31.15569305419922]
[1.0489897727966309]
[2.3492653369903564]
[0.339387446641922]
[5.044577598571777]
[12.598301887512207]
[2.078606605529785]
[0.005814851727336645]
[2.156998872756958]
[1.7378556728363037]
[0.028886061161756516]
[0.004225782584398985]
[0.37186190485954285]
[4.503263473510742]
[5.484704971313477]
[4.497416019439697]
[1.2011127471923828]
[59.428340911865234]
[1.2646006345748901]
[0.3521519899368286]
[1.5637239217758179]
[0.016058562323451042]
[83.24264526367188]
[0.07234084606170654]
[0.9992601275444031]
[1.8529150485992432]
[146.44801330566406]
[0.470361590385437]
[0.902982771396637]
[0.6297959685325623]
[6.305682182312012]
[4.940551280975342]
[2.6370913982391357]
[0.018629075959324837]
[2.781674385070801]
[1.5102183818817139]
[2.6054036617279053]
[0.7718151807785034]
[4.948688507080078]
[0.29372185468673706]
[0.45648297667503357]
[43.1553955078125]
[2.254147529602051]
[28.087167739868164]
[4.989192485809326]
[3.481900691986084]
[3.8051092624664307]
[85.26600646972656]
[0.19653314352035522]
[1.1092119216918945]
[0.34241291880607605]
[5.888988018035889]
[0.605917751789093]
[2.368997573852539]
[0.5619229674339294]
[0.9076951742172241]
[100.6884536743164]
[0.29336997866630554]
[10.64508056640625]
[1.8109768629074097]
[1.6576021909713745]
[0.06891806423664093]
[6.232677459716797]
[0.996379554271698]
[2.238870620727539]
[5.675628185272217]
[1.8296020030975342]
[0.013647475279867649]
[3.1381075382232666]
[2.7584893703460693]
[1.5033644437789917]
[13.361431121826172]
[1.5158984661102295]
[0.08304214477539062]
[3.222471237182617]
[1.485284686088562]
[97.65005493164062]
[0.9656701683998108]
[0.764372706413269]
[28.356943130493164]
[118.61292266845703]
[0.1970081925392151]
[11.559664726257324]
[56.61380386352539]
[1.7733741998672485]
[1.4314559698104858]
[3.7628536224365234]
[0.017516063526272774]
[1.1154850721359253]
[0.15290577709674835]
[19.29940414428711]
[3.560976028442383]
[0.22791533172130585]
[53.73580551147461]
[1.374733328819275]
[0.4988241195678711]
[2.033250331878662]
[0.045496050268411636]
[0.5790595412254333]
[1.5096756219863892]
[1.9778224229812622]
[4.55941104888916]
[98.30005645751953]
[0.1334763467311859]
[55.46565246582031]
[3.1204159259796143]
[0.9842147827148438]
[1.793696641921997]
[0.20384255051612854]
[2.458526372909546]
[3.7109575271606445]
[0.7069570422172546]
[0.39828193187713623]
[0.042397137731313705]
[1.098707675933838]
[222.1229705810547]
[0.16223858296871185]
[3.9761581420898438]
[1.430831789970398]
[1.0100226402282715]
[106.38414001464844]
[5.542571544647217]
[2.067143440246582]
[0.216300830245018]
[0.12993665039539337]
[2.7475881576538086]
[3.351656436920166]
[3.5894358158111572]
[2.591726303100586]
[1.1127197742462158]
[2.93959379196167]
[5.236518383026123]
[10.770746231079102]
[3.274094820022583]
[0.2830333411693573]
[1.3438013792037964]
[0.5053779482841492]
[1.7781530618667603]
[2.4912805557250977]
[2.1425795555114746]
[2.688380479812622]
[3.8113787174224854]
[1.5020109415054321]
[1.4559849500656128]
[102.29855346679688]
[1.7668812274932861]
[6.774333953857422]
[1.1223840713500977]
[92.3781967163086]
[0.7883917093276978]
[0.8316137194633484]
[1.033652901649475]
[4.261791229248047]
[3.5464532375335693]
[0.5071606636047363]
[3.8080861568450928]
[0.15379558503627777]
[3.0940282344818115]
[0.2146306186914444]
[0.840294361114502]
[0.9446388483047485]
[3.9897453784942627]
[3.1620116233825684]
[110.85888671875]
[2.757758855819702]
[2.0913946628570557]
[0.4986273944377899]
[0.0024149867240339518]
[0.019127793610095978]
[3.74336576461792]
[3.672811508178711]
[0.01954958401620388]
[3.021536350250244]
[0.2899206876754761]
[2.017650842666626]
[1.5213736295700073]
[0.29209965467453003]
[1.925746202468872]
[2.479020118713379]
[1.981326699256897]
[0.4826335608959198]
[0.25028708577156067]
[0.26096397638320923]
[0.018793731927871704]
[1.264242172241211]
[1.0450103282928467]
[0.5621920228004456]
[2.624049425125122]
[7.444257736206055]
[0.8201730251312256]
[2.6774792671203613]
[1.450314998626709]
[0.9551470279693604]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[5.635960578918457]
[3.717048406600952]
[2.4768924713134766]
[1.1950007677078247]
[0.7287521958351135]
[0.7589726448059082]
[1.5721461772918701]
[1.3981313705444336]
[1.4103208780288696]
[1.172428846359253]
[2.731410503387451]
[1.341835379600525]
[2.922844171524048]
[1.2258244752883911]
[0.5144497156143188]
[0.6419486999511719]
[1.9594104290008545]
[58.003509521484375]
[7.421881198883057]
[1.0659935474395752]
[1.3946877717971802]
[46.415164947509766]
[97.47500610351562]
[0.4497200846672058]
[52.40574264526367]
[2.3941941261291504]
[2.9666945934295654]
[0.7499515414237976]
[1.6222103834152222]
[5.471646308898926]
[3.5237607955932617]
[0.044923797249794006]
[0.5988001227378845]
[1.373740792274475]
[7.8971028327941895]
[7.853240489959717]
[47.55833435058594]
[1.7068862915039062]
[0.7412623763084412]
[0.3447272777557373]
[1.7718812227249146]
[0.06587803363800049]
[6.027704238891602]
[53.38399887084961]
[2.166247606277466]
[3.5083200931549072]
[0.6266996264457703]
[6.364144325256348]
[0.8431175947189331]
[104.35379028320312]
[0.7027168869972229]
[0.48056480288505554]
[0.4320976734161377]
[1.8482669591903687]
[6.292530059814453]
[0.3621537387371063]
[1.4225610494613647]
[2.8497917652130127]
[1.386163592338562]
[1.7952123880386353]
[1.1564453840255737]
[2.129531145095825]
[2.0273122787475586]
[4.257166862487793]
[5.991246223449707]
[1.3759890794754028]
[0.8528537154197693]
[0.18557362258434296]
[0.03304240107536316]
[0.040444135665893555]
[0.10967087000608444]
[0.09713660925626755]
[2.233245611190796]
[5.3277435302734375]
[1.2183921337127686]
[50.369224548339844]
[0.606319785118103]
[1.0121254920959473]
[58.861236572265625]
[0.21500259637832642]
[78.52705383300781]
[1.8132215738296509]
[1.0478713512420654]
[0.009575042873620987]
[1.4962468147277832]
[0.23900195956230164]
[1.1835037469863892]
[6.589963436126709]
[0.26600125432014465]
[91.87064361572266]
[3.2145731449127197]
[0.01847548596560955]
[2.4580721855163574]
[6.9248552322387695]
[3.9275970458984375]
[14.44791030883789]
[8.951696395874023]
[2.281449317932129]
[3.6610028743743896]
[34.925785064697266]
[2.073171615600586]
[1.2052974700927734]
[2.0026180744171143]
[2.5061376094818115]
[1.2953931093215942]
[1.2595065832138062]
[192.61643981933594]
[1.724556565284729]
[0.7735688090324402]
[0.701042652130127]
[2.831139326095581]
[0.8897531628608704]
[0.9647942185401917]
[1.3247179985046387]
[1.3083300590515137]
[4.679428577423096]
[3.52162504196167]
[1.6080141067504883]
[1.9193978309631348]
[33.664791107177734]
[60.00143051147461]
[3.128645420074463]
[73.9301528930664]
[46.78098678588867]
[18.95568084716797]
[0.7181704044342041]
[70.5910415649414]
[2.5606882572174072]
[2.299323081970215]
[3.7138357162475586]
[2.902773857116699]
[2.5492284297943115]
[0.30939334630966187]
[1.5339049100875854]
[5.076013565063477]
[0.4555596113204956]
[0.8807658553123474]
[3.6391873359680176]
[8.157221794128418]
[1.1112712621688843]
[1.3714710474014282]
[0.8615880012512207]
[2.6229517459869385]
[3.2129015922546387]
[11.730374336242676]
[10.166345596313477]
[1.0975847244262695]
[0.030121928080916405]
[0.44673633575439453]
[3.1495168209075928]
[1.4488264322280884]
[0.7509526610374451]
[3.1478805541992188]
[63.9655876159668]
[1.6781026124954224]
[0.934124767780304]
[2.9428112506866455]
[3.043078660964966]
[0.04741213843226433]
[2.678853750228882]
[1.8850433826446533]
[0.8204572200775146]
[0.9742981195449829]
[1.6591291427612305]
[1.8526787757873535]
[1.4378677606582642]
[1.4158310890197754]
[1.1907320022583008]
[1.6617705821990967]
[2.360919237136841]
[1.1431646347045898]
[0.9237821698188782]
[0.9168145656585693]
[2.1562132835388184]
[0.9385333061218262]
[61.30195617675781]
[0.38450199365615845]
[1.439751386642456]
[0.24840128421783447]
[4.419812202453613]
[92.58875274658203]
[0.07143182307481766]
[1.1877726316452026]
[0.0024015558883547783]
[2.3000175952911377]
[2.4850528240203857]
[6.696845531463623]
[0.22016826272010803]
[2.174295425415039]
[72.86954498291016]
[1.4666842222213745]
[1.5454587936401367]
[1.0656248331069946]
[0.8650145530700684]
[37.39036178588867]
[5.129432201385498]
[60.94900894165039]
[3.9212167263031006]
[0.11469404399394989]
[0.8398416638374329]
[10.918670654296875]
[0.009642347693443298]
[0.42058345675468445]
[0.9223445653915405]
[1.2705986499786377]
[0.04751267284154892]
[3.6932523250579834]
[0.0038589918985962868]
[0.36543941497802734]
[3.4736480712890625]
[0.5030930042266846]
[0.9034023284912109]
[1.5985031127929688]
[0.5381336212158203]
[0.6251394152641296]
[1.409630537033081]
[24.23128890991211]
[0.04423477500677109]
[0.8083187341690063]
[70.41433715820312]
[16.91324806213379]
[0.44232064485549927]
[0.7605026960372925]
[85.57270812988281]
[2.464118242263794]
[6.246987342834473]
[115.7596206665039]
[0.16566741466522217]
[15.928672790527344]
[0.2141510546207428]
[0.6605250835418701]
[0.2703677713871002]
[1.2294151782989502]
[5.232336044311523]
[9.677716255187988]
[3.8223373889923096]
[1.470992922782898]
[0.3808327913284302]
[1.2723438739776611]
[0.9811460375785828]
[2.589731454849243]
[3.888659954071045]
[2.0356833934783936]
[1.1965702772140503]
[1.1089404821395874]
[66.75279998779297]
[2.5758473873138428]
[0.7082774639129639]
[0.8197728991508484]
[0.7172496318817139]
[0.34472325444221497]
[0.7190610766410828]
[16.749969482421875]
[0.6405817270278931]
[111.6344223022461]
[1.5572173595428467]
[0.23819664120674133]
[0.13204950094223022]
[1.0665802955627441]
[0.34500041604042053]
[54.5450325012207]
[0.07453015446662903]
[6.666240215301514]
[0.4503452181816101]
[53.11722183227539]
[88.5391616821289]
[1.7411421537399292]
[2.6020917892456055]
[1.512789249420166]
[4.651939868927002]
[25.741008758544922]
[3.3129944801330566]
[1.619507908821106]
[106.1228256225586]
[3.7741074562072754]
[0.6031519174575806]
[0.028837213292717934]
[1.0254738330841064]
[0.3896763324737549]
[9.411937713623047]
[3.349034309387207]
[4.623688220977783]
[4.262271881103516]
[6.464740753173828]
[0.7413164377212524]
[2.655118465423584]
[0.1372644305229187]
[6.327948570251465]
[0.23164047300815582]
[1.538172721862793]
[114.93512725830078]
[0.7735024094581604]
[0.001544937607832253]
[53.21451187133789]
[2.4724314212799072]
[1.587756633758545]
[0.814635157585144]
[1.2460627555847168]
[0.007578633259981871]
[47.54573059082031]
[0.4783739745616913]
[2.401583433151245]
[1.7147107124328613]
[4.002620697021484]
[1.9908006191253662]
[3.2084829807281494]
[21.081403732299805]
[6.858795166015625]
[75.10004425048828]
[4.408979892730713]
[2.105846643447876]
[0.9491500854492188]
[16.49040985107422]
[3.2814760208129883]
[5.956535816192627]
[5.832132339477539]
[0.940867006778717]
[0.009891108609735966]
[0.5008844137191772]
[9.890386581420898]
[2.3316729068756104]
[1.7908835411071777]
[1.190248727798462]
[0.1262626200914383]
[4.023669719696045]
[0.5270194411277771]
[71.49092102050781]
[100.89146423339844]
[0.33522698283195496]
[0.8325043320655823]
[240.3492431640625]
[2.199169158935547]
[0.16425758600234985]
[3.5498692989349365]
[2.602797508239746]
[0.00608981354162097]
[3.665724992752075]
[87.10699462890625]
[1.2655550241470337]
[2.7982537746429443]
[16.323894500732422]
[0.042063940316438675]
[4.161285400390625]
[23.164077758789062]
[5.732044219970703]
[6.068097114562988]
[5.785880088806152]
[3.9100327491760254]
[4.0971574783325195]
[2.831472873687744]
[65.66661834716797]
[36.301475524902344]
[4.938330173492432]
[2.6392111778259277]
[0.06835801899433136]
[2.255415201187134]
[2.9983086585998535]
[1.5045347213745117]
[2.7315895557403564]
[0.7847048044204712]
[0.43666812777519226]
[2.225827693939209]
[1.101026177406311]
[0.8987321257591248]
[2.199035882949829]
[0.021027863025665283]
[1.063114047050476]
[1.1976292133331299]
[2.5984582901000977]
[6.7592549324035645]
[3.628363609313965]
[61.40241241455078]
[3.2348363399505615]
[1.6091934442520142]
[1.9743177890777588]
[0.5591616630554199]
[1.5995471477508545]
[0.6024124622344971]
[54.77309036254883]
[1.899802565574646]
[1.902329921722412]
[1.945709228515625]
[0.4234078526496887]
[0.6735777258872986]
[0.6633197665214539]
[1.729964017868042]
[1.2829350233078003]
[0.5994611978530884]
[4.2432451248168945]
[0.028423791751265526]
[0.8355125188827515]
[5.3783087730407715]
[3.803178071975708]
[0.7040750980377197]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[11.362192153930664]
[0.12988348305225372]
[0.10661263763904572]
[2.4994542598724365]
[106.19351196289062]
[4.150487422943115]
[0.9800410270690918]
[0.7417479753494263]
[0.7765953540802002]
[3.432765483856201]
[0.012688517570495605]
[1.9790464639663696]
[1.8233201503753662]
[66.67874145507812]
[1.047438144683838]
[2.2203056812286377]
[1.0153473615646362]
[2.508453130722046]
[0.43145325779914856]
[0.018325943499803543]
[60.0323486328125]
[2.075143337249756]
[2.0721933841705322]
[0.6835201978683472]
[0.008506997488439083]
[13.944035530090332]
[55.59397888183594]
[1.1265857219696045]
[7.972833156585693]
[59.59237289428711]
[7.695704936981201]
[0.8134826421737671]
[0.014845471829175949]
[1.09098482131958]
[0.09218943864107132]
[5.855015754699707]
[0.7161056399345398]
[7.082358360290527]
[0.1608446091413498]
[3.0583245754241943]
[2.2504796981811523]
[1.551660180091858]
[72.70092010498047]
[2.9731976985931396]
[1.6150004863739014]
[2.337344169616699]
[7.782366752624512]
[0.7765059471130371]
[45.97145462036133]
[98.48605346679688]
[0.16159027814865112]
[6.00932502746582]
[0.014423727057874203]
[69.62783813476562]
[0.29991239309310913]
[47.31925964355469]
[0.9389396905899048]
[1.5840249061584473]
[0.2372174859046936]
[0.6608783006668091]
[5.434868812561035]
[8.052325248718262]
[1.2245811223983765]
[6.736513614654541]
[37.94959259033203]
[0.11986961215734482]
[0.48043861985206604]
[0.01994268409907818]
[10.222530364990234]
[3.088418960571289]
[1.6092740297317505]
[1.6669738292694092]
[0.34314200282096863]
[5.160614013671875]
[6.7108845710754395]
[0.6962944865226746]
[1.3683557510375977]
[2.3818366527557373]
[0.6704704165458679]
[3.460991144180298]
[1.913179874420166]
[0.8486499190330505]
[125.18396759033203]
[1.415871262550354]
[0.6067932844161987]
[9.638291358947754]
[1.0775853395462036]
[0.2984848916530609]
[0.6498702764511108]
[0.8444714546203613]
[0.5212828516960144]
[51.38811111450195]
[5.198078632354736]
[0.40822917222976685]
[0.048202838748693466]
[1.5076044797897339]
[0.46162036061286926]
[1.8966014385223389]
[4.186631679534912]
[1.925978660583496]
[2.938528537750244]
[0.293817400932312]
[1.442206859588623]
[57.039608001708984]
[0.9819643497467041]
[71.26042175292969]
[4.061651706695557]
[0.7708489894866943]
[1.1326663494110107]
[112.30228424072266]
[0.13678297400474548]
[1.7559574842453003]
[1.0334497690200806]
[2.3503596782684326]
[0.9266822338104248]
[2.9571707248687744]
[0.6250144839286804]
[0.7807537317276001]
[0.007548422086983919]
[3.2187230587005615]
[4.635701656341553]
[0.3741980791091919]
[0.14101539552211761]
[20.812524795532227]
[0.6610195636749268]
[13.85593032836914]
[2.336427927017212]
[88.47409057617188]
[1.410102367401123]
[1.3169407844543457]
[0.4023256301879883]
[1.7110850811004639]
[9.182520866394043]
[1.1306843757629395]
[8.343111038208008]
[1.1290853023529053]
[0.017085369676351547]
[63.7427864074707]
[1.4056233167648315]
[0.012537602335214615]
[1.2026996612548828]
[3.2695443630218506]
[33.078617095947266]
[9.868894577026367]
[1.5626471042633057]
[1.6649264097213745]
[4.415245532989502]
[1.4024419784545898]
[1.9810240268707275]
[7.649152755737305]
[59.09748840332031]
[3.837935447692871]
[0.8923982381820679]
[0.02648000419139862]
[1.3137526512145996]
[3.5828025341033936]
[0.6217871904373169]
[97.05140686035156]
[3.1462526321411133]
[0.912068247795105]
[1.6561239957809448]
[0.2558194398880005]
[2.992767095565796]
[1.513334035873413]
[0.24515224993228912]
[0.8396185040473938]
[1.0994782447814941]
[2.168156385421753]
[0.7967314720153809]
[0.8257797956466675]
[1.178404450416565]
[104.57048034667969]
[1.500888466835022]
[98.93869018554688]
[1.1973665952682495]
[8.819828033447266]
[0.03397922217845917]
[4.264595985412598]
[0.01499946042895317]
[0.11569695174694061]
[56.11708068847656]
[1.7396540641784668]
[0.23251982033252716]
[0.5245498418807983]
[2.5856995582580566]
[0.5051234364509583]
[9.494658470153809]
[47.88283157348633]
[0.2009994387626648]
[3.4507107734680176]
[2.611879825592041]
[0.3063303530216217]
[1.354090929031372]
[47.82051086425781]
[0.35664260387420654]
[0.3951805830001831]
[3.455537796020508]
[2.3548130989074707]
[9.928743362426758]
[1.996107578277588]
[0.9243801236152649]
[0.3088984787464142]
[1.5710159540176392]
[3.04825496673584]
[2.2363293170928955]
[1.3933736085891724]
[80.85892486572266]
[1.747200608253479]
[0.24792736768722534]
[12.534662246704102]
[1.149043083190918]
[1.083533763885498]
[2.2346367835998535]
[1.3420742750167847]
[1.326716423034668]
[0.8195547461509705]
[0.8699527978897095]
[1.280055046081543]
[0.4986833930015564]
[63.50776672363281]
[3.660048484802246]
[4.783320426940918]
[0.6966446042060852]
[0.4205385148525238]
[85.24315643310547]
[4.6635355949401855]
[0.010184590704739094]
[9.828548431396484]
[0.5907200574874878]
[75.92422485351562]
[0.055235933512449265]
[0.44797056913375854]
[2.3231849670410156]
[6.181764602661133]
[0.4867802858352661]
[1.3478785753250122]
[1.1166138648986816]
[2.1043660640716553]
[0.4910558760166168]
[1.251828670501709]
[54.10841369628906]
[1.3055522441864014]
[0.013897166587412357]
[188.5162353515625]
[0.02753574214875698]
[4.9267401695251465]
[208.4187469482422]
[14.254114151000977]
[52.406951904296875]
[0.2831343412399292]
[0.662966787815094]
[0.7827605605125427]
[103.99488067626953]
[1.795262336730957]
[5.438215732574463]
[7.585296630859375]
[1.514008641242981]
[9.89012622833252]
[0.10710521787405014]
[0.005571451038122177]
[5.105833530426025]
[7.76071310043335]
[8.026528358459473]
[0.8216069936752319]
[2.8993425369262695]
[1.6199406385421753]
[1.031314492225647]
[2.2512805461883545]
[3.94620418548584]
[3.8938956260681152]
[0.33923283219337463]
[5.038686752319336]
[110.14247131347656]
[3.7768325805664062]
[1.133802056312561]
[23.283323287963867]
[0.9185292720794678]
[0.059358227998018265]
[57.495208740234375]
[2.0690386295318604]
[22.101459503173828]
[1.644837498664856]
[2.637904644012451]
[4.941299915313721]
[2.063558578491211]
[1.1806749105453491]
[1.0541026592254639]
[5.06179666519165]
[2.3386123180389404]
[0.4118107855319977]
[1.325283169746399]
[0.9639959931373596]
[4.8155107498168945]
[2.354079246520996]
[0.002596356673166156]
[1.2526333332061768]
[0.4463146924972534]
[0.757509171962738]
[0.8404278755187988]
[0.3601391911506653]
[0.6883682012557983]
[0.8344563841819763]
[21.676494598388672]
[1.8931406736373901]
[0.115420863032341]
[0.7008492350578308]
[2.186331272125244]
[1.929073691368103]
[0.8089485764503479]
[0.34487518668174744]
[1.732468605041504]
[1.3585915565490723]
[0.6000937223434448]
[0.3822121024131775]
[0.3840808868408203]
[0.177653968334198]
[0.44156959652900696]
[0.32737627625465393]
[0.5730579495429993]
[1.3763374090194702]
[0.0742296651005745]
[0.025856781750917435]
[0.3190164268016815]
[28.86408233642578]
[0.060286976397037506]
[2.718322515487671]
[27.284860610961914]
[0.20194405317306519]
[0.5945220589637756]
[0.597628116607666]
[0.1637035608291626]
[6.769644737243652]
[0.09741967916488647]
[0.01047032605856657]
[0.2617894411087036]
[0.8065215945243835]
[1.6733647584915161]
[4.442632675170898]
[1.6371136903762817]
[1.1935570240020752]
[0.6928094625473022]
[4.28756046295166]
[1.2996623516082764]
[54.261558532714844]
[0.07831979542970657]
[1.0695748329162598]
[39.065818786621094]
[16.857650756835938]
[3.708117723464966]
[0.6642407774925232]
[0.0343482606112957]
[1.4810386896133423]
[1.8427238464355469]
[50.4349250793457]
[1.277637004852295]
[0.5809447765350342]
[1.0558384656906128]
[1.6562254428863525]
[1.1371307373046875]
[0.6392838358879089]
[0.023977231234312057]
[1.3588967323303223]
[2.062567949295044]
[45.113399505615234]
[1.5015507936477661]
[10.412487983703613]
[0.7874017953872681]
[1.6360734701156616]
[0.658181369304657]
[217.3717803955078]
[1.3868355751037598]
[0.8490352630615234]
[88.0143051147461]
[0.6516801714897156]
[7.2610273361206055]
[0.3907480239868164]
[2.151010751724243]
[2.2385449409484863]
[71.56111145019531]
[2.1755030155181885]
[2.2994017601013184]
[0.09655728191137314]
[2.5140535831451416]
[0.09938491135835648]
[0.4655182659626007]
[98.4950180053711]
[3.091337203979492]
[1.980063796043396]
[3.8605756759643555]
[0.06258974224328995]
[2.476412534713745]
[4.973807334899902]
[2.8817975521087646]
[2.1572296619415283]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.140948534011841]
[2.4850330352783203]
[1.5209404230117798]
[0.5589945316314697]
[1.65065336227417]
[1.1841092109680176]
[0.6585814952850342]
[1.4091061353683472]
[1.4175077676773071]
[0.02054845355451107]
[1.3723690509796143]
[0.7653775811195374]
[0.7429131269454956]
[0.5677183866500854]
[2.291909694671631]
[0.007905691862106323]
[0.4874594807624817]
[0.37523218989372253]
[127.34200286865234]
[0.5933997631072998]
[0.5282705426216125]
[38.42634582519531]
[2.0483577251434326]
[0.5378740429878235]
[0.47270214557647705]
[0.7791174054145813]
[3.0214459896087646]
[3.8227295875549316]
[1.0159733295440674]
[31.258779525756836]
[1.7698826789855957]
[0.9135205149650574]
[61.75882339477539]
[5.853705406188965]
[66.91907501220703]
[3.3819098472595215]
[0.8062969446182251]
[0.6150716543197632]
[6.655385971069336]
[0.7763595581054688]
[0.6778565049171448]
[1.096948504447937]
[44.93611145019531]
[3.9653687477111816]
[1.5535789728164673]
[1.962486743927002]
[1.4864345788955688]
[2.6651763916015625]
[0.5491085648536682]
[1.5934431552886963]
[3.3891806602478027]
[5.151860237121582]
[0.3457242250442505]
[2.5964479446411133]
[0.8898544907569885]
[4.352646350860596]
[0.9498549103736877]
[0.672243595123291]
[3.2591042518615723]
[52.137813568115234]
[8.278080940246582]
[0.01197780016809702]
[2.242180347442627]
[2.80141019821167]
[0.21471117436885834]
[5.209628105163574]
[0.576714277267456]
[0.2098427265882492]
[6.506314277648926]
[1.3335572481155396]
[0.37738487124443054]
[0.8608186841011047]
[10.296428680419922]
[0.18869319558143616]
[0.5195510983467102]
[4.933367729187012]
[0.5887719392776489]
[0.7445730566978455]
[0.05572817474603653]
[0.30509164929389954]
[3.6436994075775146]
[0.4862346947193146]
[0.4209340810775757]
[9.016586303710938]
[0.9469694495201111]
[77.79173278808594]
[0.44137492775917053]
[4.06920051574707]
[53.57455062866211]
[0.6898905038833618]
[0.257803738117218]
[1.3060624599456787]
[0.686048150062561]
[4.762105464935303]
[47.253440856933594]
[2.9623329639434814]
[3.046365976333618]
[67.5027084350586]
[3.9083263874053955]
[2.4159977436065674]
[8.933562278747559]
[0.40837061405181885]
[102.51959991455078]
[0.4230429530143738]
[2.1974682807922363]
[0.42077651619911194]
[3.2951877117156982]
[46.243736267089844]
[5.837590217590332]
[9.341344833374023]
[15.949968338012695]
[3.7075750827789307]
[2.5196471214294434]
[0.058600082993507385]
[6.854821681976318]
[2.476686477661133]
[7.3752593994140625]
[1.2890117168426514]
[2.4630067348480225]
[0.13202820718288422]
[6.0895795822143555]
[1.8727328777313232]
[3.593273401260376]
[1.0264919996261597]
[1.3634792566299438]
[2.189382553100586]
[1.3767722845077515]
[0.06606605648994446]
[0.7434912919998169]
[4.823364734649658]
[10.8062105178833]
[0.69158935546875]
[1.189731478691101]
[0.5027438998222351]
[0.9593587517738342]
[0.8126981854438782]
[12.879463195800781]
[2.8368425369262695]
[4.0586371421813965]
[0.4951886236667633]
[2.280329942703247]
[1.3370771408081055]
[0.4444231688976288]
[1.0170470476150513]
[62.969932556152344]
[0.5374377965927124]
[0.6108465790748596]
[0.4436267912387848]
[6.521409511566162]
[0.5254285335540771]
[1.3733444213867188]
[6.974209785461426]
[0.6062139272689819]
[0.6417791843414307]
[237.82705688476562]
[3.3668408393859863]
[61.98613357543945]
[5.046827793121338]
[1.1963088512420654]
[15.980966567993164]
[4.222472667694092]
[74.08098602294922]
[0.04561993107199669]
[3.9954421520233154]
[0.9246442914009094]
[0.004859826993197203]
[1.5310509204864502]
[2.447746515274048]
[6.700723648071289]
[0.03294891119003296]
[1.9995990991592407]
[0.5374225378036499]
[2.4160566329956055]
[0.03053642436861992]
[1.4121099710464478]
[1.2595323324203491]
[10.631921768188477]
[6.960251331329346]
[4.058349132537842]
[0.656216025352478]
[12.716395378112793]
[1.7566375732421875]
[0.9797422885894775]
[5.118520736694336]
[1.9108883142471313]
[1.3508658409118652]
[1.8565853834152222]
[1.084519863128662]
[62.059268951416016]
[64.39335632324219]
[1.356823444366455]
[0.773448646068573]
[0.7581004500389099]
[1.4283077716827393]
[4.256219387054443]
[0.7613580226898193]
[0.017536893486976624]
[2.135451078414917]
[1.0439751148223877]
[0.020990706980228424]
[0.25321733951568604]
[0.24374721944332123]
[2.2471704483032227]
[0.898973822593689]
[8.073224067687988]
[2.5879743099212646]
[0.9351187944412231]
[0.6182146668434143]
[55.9743537902832]
[172.88832092285156]
[3.6586296558380127]
[0.6395167112350464]
[6.014978408813477]
[48.465999603271484]
[2.452392816543579]
[0.8732691407203674]
[116.56780242919922]
[7.301151275634766]
[1.892983078956604]
[5.4366774559021]
[0.5957006216049194]
[0.2953532934188843]
[1.721132516860962]
[3.684098720550537]
[1.702797293663025]
[3.481682062149048]
[0.7974897623062134]
[0.2568562924861908]
[0.878428041934967]
[2.051306962966919]
[1.4718960523605347]
[1.3983819484710693]
[0.01099583599716425]
[0.7307469248771667]
[0.7432724237442017]
[1.7168420553207397]
[2.7162506580352783]
[0.6670583486557007]
[0.2533874213695526]
[0.02940375544130802]
[93.27937316894531]
[1.795310378074646]
[69.59700775146484]
[1.2525984048843384]
[1.2284671068191528]
[0.7230080366134644]
[2.8595755100250244]
[3.0819833278656006]
[3.583517074584961]
[11.421865463256836]
[0.05953865870833397]
[0.6280533075332642]
[0.015316127799451351]
[0.7523582577705383]
[1.3806174993515015]
[0.6859245896339417]
[0.5076919794082642]
[2.2168445587158203]
[107.97621154785156]
[54.313785552978516]
[43.246002197265625]
[1.777174472808838]
[3.2625343799591064]
[3.1376192569732666]
[4.080954074859619]
[1.4416813850402832]
[4.247495651245117]
[1.7493715286254883]
[3.7423620223999023]
[0.5524014830589294]
[5.733083724975586]
[2.5497264862060547]
[3.4764599800109863]
[7.7305378913879395]
[0.7012255787849426]
[6.366067886352539]
[0.8219106197357178]
[1.3185595273971558]
[6.23419189453125]
[0.0364849790930748]
[4.814882755279541]
[0.47492173314094543]
[0.2684885859489441]
[0.47412407398223877]
[0.0455731600522995]
[0.8886349201202393]
[89.84825134277344]
[1.2840901613235474]
[0.6877927184104919]
[1.8362704515457153]
[26.730600357055664]
[1.0979417562484741]
[14.640615463256836]
[0.10281471163034439]
[1.7786582708358765]
[3.519083261489868]
[2.2569918632507324]
[0.39655259251594543]
[1.0420244932174683]
[0.024905620142817497]
[2.3137929439544678]
[1.649244785308838]
[0.002702353522181511]
[3.4766740798950195]
[1.2940505743026733]
[1.644445776939392]
[2.7346057891845703]
[0.01918952912092209]
[20.993005752563477]
[0.9208431243896484]
[4.574270725250244]
[2.4969584941864014]
[0.9036424160003662]
[3.588068962097168]
[1.0027384757995605]
[66.52992248535156]
[2.6592013835906982]
[1.0663700103759766]
[1.3070486783981323]
[58.74641036987305]
[2.5415396690368652]
[0.05144885182380676]
[1.4780833721160889]
[0.5755886435508728]
[0.8736774921417236]
[0.8538213968276978]
[0.09101156890392303]
[0.11350573599338531]
[1.4202784299850464]
[6.786175727844238]
[0.5020237565040588]
[4.05764102935791]
[1.7791253328323364]
[0.31127360463142395]
[0.4489675462245941]
[56.80100631713867]
[1.6873277425765991]
[2.060579538345337]
[3.699014902114868]
[2.188248872756958]
[1.0438660383224487]
[0.4448831081390381]
[6.838716506958008]
[0.5195978283882141]
[1.9914617538452148]
[3.075209379196167]
[0.4800872504711151]
[0.8679350018501282]
[1.265919804573059]
[1.1476352214813232]
[2.397796869277954]
[0.5206769704818726]
[0.5781996250152588]
[2.292213201522827]
[0.050804995000362396]
[3.462789297103882]
[0.315253347158432]
[2.9314262866973877]
[49.554691314697266]
[0.3279240131378174]
[0.35252436995506287]
[1.5208226442337036]
[1.0034267902374268]
[0.7770819067955017]
[5.42360782623291]
[0.2383478283882141]
[4.40382194519043]
[0.7646925449371338]
[0.4728071689605713]
[1.1906275749206543]
[0.2287796586751938]
[0.37721866369247437]
[0.28730449080467224]
[1.5286632776260376]
[46.6964225769043]
[0.477199912071228]
[0.4416576623916626]
[0.8246047496795654]
[8.453054428100586]
[0.42226630449295044]
[0.6978119611740112]
[3.697305917739868]
[0.332674115896225]
[1.3563520908355713]
[1.1859278678894043]
[0.034425243735313416]
[0.12242314964532852]
[1.5890264511108398]
[0.5899669528007507]
[4.2493462562561035]
[2.60160493850708]
[0.44495829939842224]
[2.4964075088500977]
[1.9662631750106812]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.40352749824523926]
[3.0817248821258545]
[0.6781633496284485]
[0.5807178020477295]
[1.157475233078003]
[0.5141704082489014]
[0.749538779258728]
[48.11038589477539]
[0.5811675786972046]
[0.8314775228500366]
[1.1123286485671997]
[0.08234106004238129]
[3.562825918197632]
[0.6043791174888611]
[0.8464672565460205]
[3.1427578926086426]
[0.3471480906009674]
[0.48515188694000244]
[0.20290812849998474]
[1.2615694999694824]
[0.8488548398017883]
[0.16873577237129211]
[48.79014205932617]
[0.5554192662239075]
[3.331955909729004]
[0.009492169134318829]
[4.651020526885986]
[3.8112409114837646]
[1.3697422742843628]
[8.664056777954102]
[108.5191421508789]
[0.01633128710091114]
[1.4399608373641968]
[3.6803805828094482]
[3.4990880489349365]
[1.37541925907135]
[91.22405242919922]
[2.966200590133667]
[2.0140645503997803]
[2.205300807952881]
[0.034979552030563354]
[1.9923689365386963]
[0.9741324782371521]
[0.9011279940605164]
[1.021836280822754]
[0.022793393582105637]
[2.781172752380371]
[5.238558769226074]
[4.479247570037842]
[1.368491768836975]
[0.8467714786529541]
[4.57293176651001]
[0.8342552781105042]
[0.09469132125377655]
[1.4060654640197754]
[0.08274631202220917]
[0.5178638100624084]
[0.6334933638572693]
[1.4192851781845093]
[2.616741418838501]
[1.5462979078292847]
[1.4612454175949097]
[18.002256393432617]
[0.3714894950389862]
[6.92485237121582]
[1.2862296104431152]
[2.493220567703247]
[0.2942296266555786]
[0.9694914221763611]
[0.4057275652885437]
[0.6271401047706604]
[0.16854433715343475]
[0.02474532090127468]
[7.088810443878174]
[0.5917715430259705]
[0.6559754014015198]
[94.17145538330078]
[3.8569283485412598]
[0.5047436356544495]
[3.690744400024414]
[0.3477640151977539]
[0.558832049369812]
[0.8977665901184082]
[0.06901358813047409]
[1.0435805320739746]
[0.08720558881759644]
[0.7358424663543701]
[2.1549253463745117]
[8.12600326538086]
[0.013917764648795128]
[21.030296325683594]
[37.35234069824219]
[0.18642039597034454]
[8.910512924194336]
[6.996469020843506]
[5.835602283477783]
[1.6196565628051758]
[0.8746811151504517]
[1.9796905517578125]
[0.8803708553314209]
[1.7047103643417358]
[1.5492193698883057]
[61.19292068481445]
[4.434796333312988]
[2.757143974304199]
[2.8381552696228027]
[0.9082556366920471]
[1.7144005298614502]
[0.011710519902408123]
[1.6093484163284302]
[0.7433558702468872]
[6.288519382476807]
[3.2926025390625]
[1.104175090789795]
[0.3914088308811188]
[0.3957482874393463]
[0.6272995471954346]
[0.367247074842453]
[0.5184163451194763]
[0.6124626398086548]
[2.942215919494629]
[2.455594778060913]
[0.4080404043197632]
[0.8891209363937378]
[1.7501306533813477]
[0.3964945077896118]
[0.311920702457428]
[0.36808493733406067]
[0.6276887655258179]
[0.6190692782402039]
[1.0454176664352417]
[0.3693842589855194]
[0.41017982363700867]
[105.58776092529297]
[4.018615245819092]
[229.29989624023438]
[1.080020785331726]
[1.6685501337051392]
[4.866713047027588]
[1.8919456005096436]
[2.2913873195648193]
[0.4726983904838562]
[6.196227550506592]
[49.87715148925781]
[1.4426355361938477]
[0.07946788519620895]
[0.5371297597885132]
[1.2393568754196167]
[3.2645809650421143]
[2.5100719928741455]
[91.82752990722656]
[6.25259256362915]
[4.268537521362305]
[0.046242401003837585]
[0.38444754481315613]
[7.253726005554199]
[1.6572327613830566]
[4.024549961090088]
[53.788753509521484]
[10.43189811706543]
[1.7600175142288208]
[2.5303287506103516]
[4.310394287109375]
[1.1493550539016724]
[1.7266229391098022]
[3.2321176528930664]
[65.52101135253906]
[22.108718872070312]
[1.414168119430542]
[2.105868339538574]
[1.4045242071151733]
[1.7175251245498657]
[8.726590156555176]
[20.71078109741211]
[3.69636607170105]
[72.30783081054688]
[0.0008090902701951563]
[4.933070182800293]
[49.13576126098633]
[5.173596382141113]
[2.7109758853912354]
[0.04499350115656853]
[0.6959781646728516]
[2.7707793712615967]
[1.430888056755066]
[31.527132034301758]
[16.509719848632812]
[2.268392562866211]
[2.7668118476867676]
[1.3645232915878296]
[7.120826244354248]
[4.949934005737305]
[1.3312188386917114]
[0.9776453971862793]
[5.2473273277282715]
[4.06637716293335]
[2.1040282249450684]
[0.5067586302757263]
[10.424713134765625]
[1.107548713684082]
[0.33356791734695435]
[1.8118066787719727]
[0.6286299824714661]
[26.285144805908203]
[83.07728576660156]
[1.0011506080627441]
[0.7915824055671692]
[2.066262722015381]
[9.686527252197266]
[3.6953442096710205]
[3.559823513031006]
[4.267347812652588]
[2.1444661617279053]
[90.61405944824219]
[4.190192222595215]
[3.5230677127838135]
[0.3367367684841156]
[2.0727548599243164]
[38.358314514160156]
[3.7818713188171387]
[1.7663929462432861]
[0.19714118540287018]
[46.713863372802734]
[0.5689001679420471]
[1.2430039644241333]
[6.362256050109863]
[4.4740471839904785]
[1.612898349761963]
[2.155341148376465]
[1.8401330709457397]
[36.98253631591797]
[101.40956115722656]
[4.9720916748046875]
[0.9706923961639404]
[0.019156483933329582]
[1.2446905374526978]
[86.78041076660156]
[6.499345779418945]
[5.259459018707275]
[0.3419145941734314]
[2.4828219413757324]
[0.02052515745162964]
[5.566318988800049]
[45.937835693359375]
[0.839953601360321]
[1.342944622039795]
[2.1503608226776123]
[1.290788173675537]
[4.259266376495361]
[1.8603228330612183]
[2.580101251602173]
[2.335062026977539]
[1.9747910499572754]
[1.544826865196228]
[0.31272485852241516]
[2.011772632598877]
[0.94176185131073]
[1.3266716003417969]
[1.0794894695281982]
[0.862143874168396]
[7.380337715148926]
[2.5764825344085693]
[0.7505228519439697]
[15.06402587890625]
[6.207286834716797]
[12.505143165588379]
[0.03629641607403755]
[1.1924110651016235]
[0.46231183409690857]
[3.129950761795044]
[1.6726789474487305]
[2.9703431129455566]
[0.04427015781402588]
[2.017695426940918]
[0.016481056809425354]
[2.5131113529205322]
[71.46273040771484]
[60.209537506103516]
[115.20158386230469]
[0.4182402789592743]
[88.95809936523438]
[4.819692134857178]
[3.5858592987060547]
[0.9021386504173279]
[2.958325147628784]
[61.83509826660156]
[0.035389937460422516]
[0.19787216186523438]
[1.429886817932129]
[3.6488940715789795]
[0.8441612124443054]
[3.9702248573303223]
[4.397342681884766]
[116.30963897705078]
[0.43755707144737244]
[2.102206230163574]
[0.26223328709602356]
[6.070276260375977]
[0.41123923659324646]
[0.8332470655441284]
[0.4151545763015747]
[0.5415958762168884]
[61.45457077026367]
[0.4006817638874054]
[9.113861083984375]
[30.366683959960938]
[2.029772996902466]
[5.310057163238525]
[2.406648635864258]
[0.5279723405838013]
[1.2347767353057861]
[0.3461526036262512]
[16.636877059936523]
[3.1051573753356934]
[1.3972686529159546]
[0.8780807256698608]
[0.9509602189064026]
[0.4044433832168579]
[3.1011219024658203]
[0.564879834651947]
[0.04943221062421799]
[0.14734679460525513]
[4.330417633056641]
[63.226051330566406]
[0.8005831241607666]
[0.03321413695812225]
[4.74024772644043]
[0.37847378849983215]
[5.980172634124756]
[0.5276855826377869]
[0.7248780727386475]
[0.3278088867664337]
[2.6797149181365967]
[0.007783565670251846]
[20.307065963745117]
[6.0470871925354]
[0.829807460308075]
[0.5588374137878418]
[0.4947162866592407]
[0.04861682280898094]
[0.0633629634976387]
[0.44105470180511475]
[214.12791442871094]
[0.5536977648735046]
[2.107445478439331]
[1.7361390590667725]
[3.7541656494140625]
[3.6516268253326416]
[3.9596946239471436]
[2.047731399536133]
[4.239172458648682]
[0.6417851448059082]
[0.6685317158699036]
[2.797346830368042]
[0.12074080109596252]
[0.8999804854393005]
[4.333548545837402]
[0.02347613498568535]
[2.548461437225342]
[0.707622766494751]
[2.197465419769287]
[4.408326148986816]
[2.6299664974212646]
[5.589845657348633]
[0.9317139983177185]
[0.7666735649108887]
[1.5908583402633667]
[0.810880184173584]
[0.2447003871202469]
[2.797476291656494]
[0.9031336903572083]
[2.6614456176757812]
[5.338561534881592]
[0.03308064118027687]
[1.067958116531372]
[1.3274264335632324]
[0.23041711747646332]
[0.13406410813331604]
[58.17792510986328]
[1.2094043493270874]
[0.4578934907913208]
[0.4437529742717743]
[1.4686427116394043]
[0.7981265783309937]
[1.749811053276062]
[21.492538452148438]
[0.3358795642852783]
[0.3532799482345581]
[0.5958350896835327]
[0.5861080288887024]
[1.2587124109268188]
[0.8417792320251465]
[2.0338242053985596]
[1.2874597311019897]
[1.1558961868286133]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.6861423254013062]
[0.8324181437492371]
[0.1634264886379242]
[0.9108472466468811]
[0.8956562876701355]
[0.18979093432426453]
[3.3565056324005127]
[89.16204833984375]
[0.0599457211792469]
[3.6684277057647705]
[0.8526294827461243]
[1.194046974182129]
[24.685894012451172]
[5.591742515563965]
[145.5093536376953]
[0.6110603213310242]
[2.5765066146850586]
[5.059276103973389]
[36.4536247253418]
[0.7421291470527649]
[1.6583571434020996]
[1.7183270454406738]
[0.018519582226872444]
[3.9437263011932373]
[4.667717456817627]
[5.6455583572387695]
[2.933885097503662]
[8.059469223022461]
[84.31240844726562]
[10.834881782531738]
[1.7395989894866943]
[3.0092363357543945]
[7.2377190589904785]
[1.523003101348877]
[0.201490581035614]
[0.20822298526763916]
[5.629721641540527]
[0.5102799534797668]
[95.16229248046875]
[2.9948456287384033]
[1.9285472631454468]
[1.4789462089538574]
[25.869630813598633]
[0.07936277985572815]
[68.5177230834961]
[1.361562967300415]
[2.0270273685455322]
[0.01098894514143467]
[1.5584934949874878]
[3.6479294300079346]
[1.3580909967422485]
[0.13673315942287445]
[0.08762571215629578]
[4.522082328796387]
[92.486083984375]
[9.967325210571289]
[2.313049077987671]
[0.9723451137542725]
[1.767749309539795]
[1.833451509475708]
[0.7553499341011047]
[1.0245457887649536]
[4.497235298156738]
[0.8284501433372498]
[0.6306772828102112]
[1.3199303150177002]
[2.1725454330444336]
[2.6270194053649902]
[0.5036734342575073]
[0.17322981357574463]
[0.520749032497406]
[3.3908209800720215]
[0.5402716994285583]
[0.7389306426048279]
[1.1027297973632812]
[2.5950679779052734]
[55.8079833984375]
[0.39863669872283936]
[0.6647200584411621]
[2.7012939453125]
[9.400822639465332]
[5.3898491859436035]
[1.8685230016708374]
[1.493234395980835]
[9.379670143127441]
[0.8619611263275146]
[0.15955980122089386]
[5.828384876251221]
[0.1095084398984909]
[4.696524620056152]
[45.8647346496582]
[0.361754834651947]
[1.4659193754196167]
[0.42137157917022705]
[0.7417722344398499]
[0.6198192834854126]
[65.32433319091797]
[0.4026235342025757]
[4.471036911010742]
[0.49967920780181885]
[1.1012253761291504]
[5.321001052856445]
[0.7295690774917603]
[1.3593825101852417]
[2.0430750846862793]
[5.747378349304199]
[0.3171622157096863]
[0.46943068504333496]
[0.6729828119277954]
[0.8913988471031189]
[1.1724213361740112]
[1.9410147666931152]
[60.476131439208984]
[0.36712923645973206]
[1.1993712186813354]
[8.555403709411621]
[1.2451876401901245]
[0.010323261842131615]
[1.2406190633773804]
[2.2630114555358887]
[2.817070722579956]
[2.533984899520874]
[1.9421601295471191]
[1.2026697397232056]
[1.6214611530303955]
[0.09520892053842545]
[1.3436650037765503]
[0.8524680137634277]
[0.17869411408901215]
[0.388905793428421]
[9.327229499816895]
[108.24234008789062]
[25.95575523376465]
[0.945231020450592]
[0.9189700484275818]
[106.92526245117188]
[3.227860450744629]
[3.801872491836548]
[0.3676427900791168]
[0.008966680616140366]
[2.618375778198242]
[25.199722290039062]
[4.001298904418945]
[1.3356367349624634]
[2.692141056060791]
[3.129218339920044]
[0.9325131177902222]
[0.00889268983155489]
[1.9053393602371216]
[3.234793186187744]
[1.5729074478149414]
[0.008359952829778194]
[0.11549440026283264]
[5.012021064758301]
[3.1870458126068115]
[2.0731091499328613]
[1.2973754405975342]
[1.8597201108932495]
[0.9903250932693481]
[3.813810348510742]
[3.2907869815826416]
[1.9793810844421387]
[0.2531469464302063]
[9.418310165405273]
[1.1354544162750244]
[1.2780506610870361]
[0.5152838230133057]
[0.0430569089949131]
[1.5168644189834595]
[0.012207665480673313]
[1.2255088090896606]
[0.6495350003242493]
[1.6948412656784058]
[1.971070408821106]
[1.0766559839248657]
[0.29392728209495544]
[0.8790174126625061]
[0.8297069668769836]
[0.9141499996185303]
[0.8567124009132385]
[0.7917990684509277]
[1.828035831451416]
[1.8383665084838867]
[0.40281304717063904]
[0.6911967992782593]
[0.716102659702301]
[0.9393860697746277]
[0.44776779413223267]
[1.6414995193481445]
[0.4037509262561798]
[63.65961837768555]
[0.4679441750049591]
[0.6886425018310547]
[1.3752800226211548]
[2.5995898246765137]
[0.6133490204811096]
[0.7199614644050598]
[4.9090752601623535]
[0.9108707904815674]
[0.9757829308509827]
[0.2785743772983551]
[0.1210760623216629]
[0.6136350035667419]
[0.6614446043968201]
[3.528801202774048]
[0.8195680975914001]
[2.7381229400634766]
[0.7762998938560486]
[56.533870697021484]
[0.8376680016517639]
[0.664798378944397]
[5.598649501800537]
[1.3417770862579346]
[0.37766388058662415]
[1.0131542682647705]
[1.5332558155059814]
[1.0010344982147217]
[0.007594121620059013]
[2.73111629486084]
[1.7729774713516235]
[2.1739978790283203]
[1.5158400535583496]
[1.6520380973815918]
[9.052387237548828]
[4.256296634674072]
[0.3408200740814209]
[0.9713754057884216]
[0.7867891788482666]
[0.43206870555877686]
[0.7614797949790955]
[0.41636261343955994]
[0.5582482814788818]
[1.7779011726379395]
[0.5882784128189087]
[1.2973802089691162]
[61.66697311401367]
[1.6239608526229858]
[0.06725582480430603]
[0.5506489276885986]
[3.024684429168701]
[0.6882129907608032]
[0.19097056984901428]
[0.578271210193634]
[7.429738998413086]
[0.4829598665237427]
[53.60410690307617]
[55.3484001159668]
[0.6615316867828369]
[1.5113139152526855]
[0.9175461530685425]
[0.055867694318294525]
[1.65260648727417]
[0.16197651624679565]
[55.75568771362305]
[4.255735397338867]
[3.0747148990631104]
[0.3118080496788025]
[208.85890197753906]
[2.181062698364258]
[1.7984764575958252]
[2.8258132934570312]
[24.41058349609375]
[6.077325344085693]
[3.6113579273223877]
[15.29010009765625]
[3.452240228652954]
[1.4866677522659302]
[0.9531909823417664]
[2.476590394973755]
[2.2712562084198]
[104.32968139648438]
[2.282844305038452]
[1.5822012424468994]
[0.4509161114692688]
[91.73855590820312]
[0.11161258816719055]
[2.3128020763397217]
[1.7832430601119995]
[3.815655469894409]
[7.578418731689453]
[0.8815010786056519]
[2.463217258453369]
[3.757504463195801]
[5.815023899078369]
[1.437757134437561]
[0.5455092191696167]
[0.9622026681900024]
[93.5456771850586]
[2.6322860717773438]
[1.6198190450668335]
[0.9987541437149048]
[0.44258934259414673]
[4.074965000152588]
[1.0220929384231567]
[0.14245422184467316]
[0.8311217427253723]
[0.3705132007598877]
[1.2412762641906738]
[5.4787421226501465]
[1.9184805154800415]
[0.9816222190856934]
[1.9347518682479858]
[1.6233028173446655]
[0.47241297364234924]
[0.9430484175682068]
[66.65425872802734]
[0.8790510296821594]
[0.232826828956604]
[0.6513917446136475]
[7.690721035003662]
[1.8726489543914795]
[0.9091463685035706]
[0.5988326072692871]
[2.563297986984253]
[0.7531190514564514]
[0.6473362445831299]
[0.1555556356906891]
[0.028430186212062836]
[84.84741973876953]
[29.034135818481445]
[0.5563117265701294]
[1.873689889907837]
[0.4243297874927521]
[0.5768411159515381]
[1.76912260055542]
[92.59413146972656]
[0.01292064506560564]
[0.9187139868736267]
[0.3697279989719391]
[2.907869338989258]
[4.452413082122803]
[7.410559177398682]
[67.15483093261719]
[13.036090850830078]
[2.1296355724334717]
[1.0806701183319092]
[1.074222445487976]
[4.123752593994141]
[3.9568958282470703]
[1.6879194974899292]
[2.1112003326416016]
[0.4543427526950836]
[4.218463897705078]
[0.9794569611549377]
[0.6185904145240784]
[105.30555725097656]
[5.2542829513549805]
[1.082244634628296]
[2.412818670272827]
[2.0714097023010254]
[1.341563105583191]
[1.27591073513031]
[0.5405243039131165]
[0.5616762042045593]
[2.5171937942504883]
[1.4569514989852905]
[1.5867081880569458]
[1.4250820875167847]
[1.6636744737625122]
[0.9578174352645874]
[1.9734869003295898]
[0.5445102453231812]
[0.6031807661056519]
[66.00881958007812]
[5.351785659790039]
[0.4749961793422699]
[1.304384469985962]
[0.10387583076953888]
[6.9066925048828125]
[1.069366693496704]
[0.14474546909332275]
[0.18399953842163086]
[14.664592742919922]
[5.067359924316406]
[1.5412614345550537]
[1.9486854076385498]
[0.6148126125335693]
[1.2607476711273193]
[0.051727090030908585]
[1.8188445568084717]
[0.8077000379562378]
[1.327479362487793]
[1.1198337078094482]
[1.751904010772705]
[0.008621323853731155]
[0.7598769664764404]
[2.607247829437256]
[1.6069329977035522]
[0.7315297722816467]
[0.9339612722396851]
[0.7185570597648621]
[1.2060043811798096]
[11.295798301696777]
[0.21513164043426514]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.2022383213043213]
[0.182067409157753]
[99.92884063720703]
[189.40771484375]
[1.709151029586792]
[2.403273820877075]
[2.000681161880493]
[5.078394889831543]
[7.809681415557861]
[21.179906845092773]
[9.087924003601074]
[2.184190511703491]
[0.06444157660007477]
[1.68684720993042]
[6.36199951171875]
[12.59709358215332]
[1.4749996662139893]
[2.4834580421447754]
[3.7284369468688965]
[2.5732479095458984]
[3.1345975399017334]
[0.10437360405921936]
[3.1332366466522217]
[2.31546688079834]
[64.2955322265625]
[3.8370299339294434]
[1.405566692352295]
[1.7103986740112305]
[1.2462459802627563]
[0.11048085242509842]
[1.9066858291625977]
[61.12577819824219]
[1.284887671470642]
[0.09615696221590042]
[1.549649715423584]
[66.23584747314453]
[3.049548625946045]
[0.709352970123291]
[3.0465192794799805]
[0.30402684211730957]
[1.0658833980560303]
[3.305452823638916]
[1.6706726551055908]
[6.086544990539551]
[7.261743545532227]
[50.646148681640625]
[2.1625945568084717]
[1.4129257202148438]
[73.61844635009766]
[49.734588623046875]
[0.08517326414585114]
[4.014287948608398]
[2.574845552444458]
[3.103149652481079]
[55.034061431884766]
[6.874388217926025]
[5.716818809509277]
[2.3464767932891846]
[3.3819632530212402]
[14.798379898071289]
[0.20452643930912018]
[1.1090563535690308]
[0.49825748801231384]
[1.3032160997390747]
[6.501251697540283]
[1.3807047605514526]
[0.8746650815010071]
[1.1417090892791748]
[3.2511041164398193]
[0.7951682806015015]
[4.5875043869018555]
[1.9563241004943848]
[2.046088695526123]
[0.6286026239395142]
[8.18713665008545]
[2.387995719909668]
[0.2354435920715332]
[0.3185720443725586]
[3.3417587280273438]
[0.2285967618227005]
[3.710073232650757]
[0.5553985238075256]
[0.31681522727012634]
[0.876305341720581]
[59.839576721191406]
[1.2197067737579346]
[1.160477876663208]
[0.5686421394348145]
[0.47418731451034546]
[95.57640838623047]
[0.5352940559387207]
[0.34193846583366394]
[0.4505065977573395]
[0.6360737681388855]
[1.6677567958831787]
[0.45051249861717224]
[0.15314391255378723]
[89.04582977294922]
[0.8970209360122681]
[2.4131715297698975]
[1.7610633373260498]
[0.0025978165213018656]
[1.1200041770935059]
[0.38050252199172974]
[62.516849517822266]
[0.3961331844329834]
[0.5293564796447754]
[1.3254083395004272]
[1.2296603918075562]
[0.0028909118846058846]
[1.3562750816345215]
[1.014929175376892]
[0.0023239206057041883]
[0.6651244163513184]
[57.53020477294922]
[0.769976019859314]
[2.4304425716400146]
[2.0853190422058105]
[1.7955621480941772]
[0.4355136752128601]
[41.381187438964844]
[1.493294358253479]
[0.01333631295710802]
[0.13575053215026855]
[2.269941806793213]
[37.161746978759766]
[1.1613471508026123]
[1.5654433965682983]
[0.17483310401439667]
[3.5919594764709473]
[0.3658570945262909]
[2.172503709793091]
[14.623334884643555]
[2.6472363471984863]
[0.11596416682004929]
[0.433750718832016]
[2.7795157432556152]
[4.143574237823486]
[0.023860320448875427]
[1.549872875213623]
[1.3044832944869995]
[4.154043197631836]
[4.296293258666992]
[5.362949371337891]
[1.4820116758346558]
[2.364154577255249]
[1.9312320947647095]
[0.4848134219646454]
[0.9405100345611572]
[0.0500350147485733]
[0.37706467509269714]
[1.488297939300537]
[0.42988499999046326]
[5.191544055938721]
[60.022823333740234]
[0.5678629279136658]
[2.755793809890747]
[1.7971054315567017]
[0.39727404713630676]
[0.8493286371231079]
[0.32099536061286926]
[2.4718236923217773]
[0.6570690870285034]
[0.4100106358528137]
[0.6162773966789246]
[80.7647933959961]
[0.7004851698875427]
[0.520211398601532]
[1.8159620761871338]
[1.338697075843811]
[2.1247682571411133]
[3.4071874618530273]
[143.0155792236328]
[0.030265389010310173]
[0.7577582001686096]
[0.3710787296295166]
[0.12472885847091675]
[0.21940994262695312]
[4.645646572113037]
[0.02116445265710354]
[2.0593044757843018]
[0.9013001918792725]
[10.562409400939941]
[2.749116897583008]
[3.388688325881958]
[0.015999101102352142]
[1.034821629524231]
[3.3793904781341553]
[2.48433518409729]
[2.8362064361572266]
[8.459246635437012]
[0.3985004127025604]
[0.07830752432346344]
[0.6389511823654175]
[1.2780433893203735]
[1.8893243074417114]
[0.2869185507297516]
[4.333431243896484]
[21.28766632080078]
[1.4087351560592651]
[1.0386784076690674]
[12.482666015625]
[6.901376724243164]
[90.2134780883789]
[16.063417434692383]
[0.7750986218452454]
[40.59539794921875]
[0.0701460912823677]
[0.9215091466903687]
[1.177353858947754]
[0.20258888602256775]
[1.353253960609436]
[3.3096511363983154]
[1.2441428899765015]
[0.00600830651819706]
[6.505626201629639]
[62.02765655517578]
[0.8428682684898376]
[0.22112789750099182]
[3.013430118560791]
[4.7810773849487305]
[0.06206367164850235]
[1.352302074432373]
[70.42516326904297]
[1.5146771669387817]
[0.29194194078445435]
[0.8783091902732849]
[1.0764414072036743]
[0.765231192111969]
[2.251251459121704]
[0.4403792917728424]
[1.0945895910263062]
[2.6899545192718506]
[61.570159912109375]
[8.727914810180664]
[0.8365949392318726]
[2.429830312728882]
[0.4284125864505768]
[0.7718374729156494]
[0.4904274642467499]
[2.0034995079040527]
[103.8950424194336]
[0.009394951164722443]
[1.3405781984329224]
[1.2199792861938477]
[0.6364060044288635]
[6.155908107757568]
[56.667381286621094]
[1.4310983419418335]
[0.6401646137237549]
[7.442673206329346]
[3.2149243354797363]
[8.293316841125488]
[175.5143585205078]
[1.0230896472930908]
[6.70855712890625]
[1.2245484590530396]
[5.130517959594727]
[4.908516883850098]
[2.40236759185791]
[2.6067819595336914]
[2.9046294689178467]
[2.509018659591675]
[6.619650840759277]
[2.7108139991760254]
[1.927320957183838]
[5.407479286193848]
[57.694580078125]
[2.9635398387908936]
[1.4307150840759277]
[1.7164922952651978]
[2.0316476821899414]
[5.320425987243652]
[34.19977951049805]
[3.954313039779663]
[2.4054341316223145]
[1.3671700954437256]
[0.8804270029067993]
[4.946378231048584]
[46.37205123901367]
[54.7880744934082]
[66.26399993896484]
[1.403103232383728]
[0.6808907985687256]
[2.67807674407959]
[95.63862609863281]
[1.066206693649292]
[105.61433410644531]
[0.09660175442695618]
[5.478149890899658]
[7.4924139976501465]
[33.95928192138672]
[0.46795937418937683]
[0.14468984305858612]
[0.0031361556611955166]
[1.2815741300582886]
[0.8444071412086487]
[0.07874104380607605]
[2.512993812561035]
[4.901442050933838]
[54.912837982177734]
[0.8864931464195251]
[20.79507827758789]
[1.9285763502120972]
[0.49513232707977295]
[0.7208709120750427]
[0.3275262117385864]
[2.6264307498931885]
[3.8101139068603516]
[1.044326663017273]
[1.7559834718704224]
[0.018114766106009483]
[1.2745226621627808]
[0.2684032917022705]
[17.22846221923828]
[1.9024380445480347]
[0.9053462743759155]
[68.9930191040039]
[58.5837516784668]
[91.99195098876953]
[0.06369756907224655]
[0.0042940774001181126]
[0.35608211159706116]
[4.483374118804932]
[4.779584884643555]
[0.18654008209705353]
[1.0858598947525024]
[3.492694616317749]
[1.2562695741653442]
[0.8222569227218628]
[2.188203811645508]
[1.0114258527755737]
[4.257624626159668]
[4.0152435302734375]
[1.0849261283874512]
[1.8521174192428589]
[0.48012635111808777]
[4.791711330413818]
[0.10659920424222946]
[7.306972503662109]
[9.904335975646973]
[1.0666630268096924]
[0.5636122822761536]
[0.7476600408554077]
[0.10860282927751541]
[0.006467248313128948]
[6.4517502784729]
[0.028487199917435646]
[1.3922232389450073]
[1.3209151029586792]
[0.6853778958320618]
[0.5342680811882019]
[0.5300493836402893]
[1.9901325702667236]
[0.043235894292593]
[67.6415023803711]
[1.9109350442886353]
[0.013235053047537804]
[0.6169470548629761]
[0.35508936643600464]
[59.52650451660156]
[16.37470817565918]
[9.388592720031738]
[0.010155074298381805]
[0.3622620105743408]
[2.4689109325408936]
[0.6215516924858093]
[3.5518264770507812]
[16.117584228515625]
[0.5746190547943115]
[97.44232177734375]
[0.680036187171936]
[1.2834937572479248]
[1.7708745002746582]
[7.228989124298096]
[0.7743822336196899]
[0.4989624321460724]
[6.942415714263916]
[0.6675017476081848]
[1.8100444078445435]
[1.2275786399841309]
[1.364567756652832]
[1.3945285081863403]
[0.2033960372209549]
[91.80947875976562]
[51.478759765625]
[1.6235417127609253]
[25.005393981933594]
[296.0672607421875]
[3.354128122329712]
[1.261573076248169]
[0.6665942668914795]
[1.6387518644332886]
[2.375192642211914]
[3.5497210025787354]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.1877927780151367]
[72.06240844726562]
[178.16693115234375]
[2.709897994995117]
[1.9891608953475952]
[3.502457857131958]
[0.11843007802963257]
[3.1627683639526367]
[0.03145109489560127]
[2.2714648246765137]
[6.842006683349609]
[0.6647219061851501]
[0.18629878759384155]
[5.306793212890625]
[1.6779097318649292]
[1.815704345703125]
[1.6762396097183228]
[17.905004501342773]
[1.868829369544983]
[4.107005596160889]
[4.554687976837158]
[1.4067801237106323]
[0.05165797844529152]
[1.5815714597702026]
[2.058917999267578]
[1.4062060117721558]
[1.2161732912063599]
[0.014751749113202095]
[1.2510005235671997]
[0.8659268021583557]
[0.4527251124382019]
[0.8439273834228516]
[0.16738930344581604]
[0.7198510766029358]
[0.5344303250312805]
[0.02124369703233242]
[1.8562997579574585]
[1.0127955675125122]
[0.602118968963623]
[0.3297904133796692]
[0.5626314282417297]
[0.7456586956977844]
[0.949729859828949]
[0.4247044026851654]
[0.042379289865493774]
[0.46656012535095215]
[2.364901065826416]
[4.057618618011475]
[0.4138389229774475]
[0.6003869771957397]
[0.6528595685958862]
[1.5088123083114624]
[0.21349754929542542]
[0.7332038879394531]
[0.31521672010421753]
[1.194636344909668]
[1.654011845588684]
[0.5503473877906799]
[2.9705240726470947]
[101.25794219970703]
[1.64471435546875]
[1.3583340644836426]
[1.0178418159484863]
[0.8705661296844482]
[0.5349372029304504]
[0.631284773349762]
[0.009495883248746395]
[0.8087688684463501]
[3.9669389724731445]
[1.7776225805282593]
[7.738494873046875]
[0.6624029278755188]
[1.7120906114578247]
[0.27138009667396545]
[0.9817069172859192]
[0.6147588491439819]
[1.1212447881698608]
[2.4070651531219482]
[0.9520788788795471]
[65.83872985839844]
[0.6546358466148376]
[0.40030938386917114]
[0.7243216037750244]
[0.419810950756073]
[0.31638047099113464]
[0.4691019058227539]
[7.799867630004883]
[0.6300708651542664]
[0.5058578252792358]
[169.64886474609375]
[1.1544756889343262]
[4.892791748046875]
[0.6245707273483276]
[56.329071044921875]
[5.211863994598389]
[4.148244857788086]
[90.03104400634766]
[0.27938172221183777]
[2.3732540607452393]
[10.659912109375]
[0.005094876512885094]
[0.7934618592262268]
[0.596286952495575]
[2.155518054962158]
[1.4647243022918701]
[0.6799988746643066]
[103.25077819824219]
[0.6901850700378418]
[1.68465256690979]
[79.88050842285156]
[53.125]
[0.08903833478689194]
[0.15714344382286072]
[3.3031082153320312]
[2.875438928604126]
[0.9834344983100891]
[3.1546590328216553]
[1.9747018814086914]
[3.4405453205108643]
[2.551762580871582]
[0.7388081550598145]
[4.454977035522461]
[2.73085880279541]
[9.851153373718262]
[5.796024322509766]
[0.38038170337677]
[2.706723928451538]
[2.501349687576294]
[5.410081386566162]
[1.3526595830917358]
[0.03716537356376648]
[0.9015941023826599]
[4.594744682312012]
[2.3344614505767822]
[3.796311855316162]
[1.3056671619415283]
[37.932090759277344]
[2.233764171600342]
[0.6243783235549927]
[0.18206752836704254]
[0.06924863904714584]
[0.9951645135879517]
[16.1253662109375]
[1.6055340766906738]
[3.078867197036743]
[1.8019318580627441]
[0.2975098192691803]
[0.30039823055267334]
[0.9526707530021667]
[0.8458313941955566]
[1.891416311264038]
[1.7722958326339722]
[1.0765442848205566]
[0.004808785393834114]
[1.261620283126831]
[0.8551228046417236]
[67.81566619873047]
[1.6349971294403076]
[0.9572694301605225]
[0.6626837849617004]
[1.116385817527771]
[0.10812018066644669]
[74.91255187988281]
[0.7050477862358093]
[1.284204125404358]
[0.06476607918739319]
[2.0158028602600098]
[5.399378776550293]
[0.5266599059104919]
[0.5871065258979797]
[0.6250928640365601]
[0.5403136610984802]
[0.9236161112785339]
[3.5445783138275146]
[0.019488532096147537]
[77.66488647460938]
[59.182472229003906]
[0.9701812863349915]
[0.004230687860399485]
[1.0179160833358765]
[0.27134203910827637]
[6.944807052612305]
[2.8702704906463623]
[82.3514175415039]
[2.7093985080718994]
[247.03936767578125]
[0.49565210938453674]
[1.6373794078826904]
[6.512247085571289]
[0.6723828911781311]
[2.3196587562561035]
[7.896889686584473]
[5.027014255523682]
[0.18501369655132294]
[6.689194202423096]
[2.6282153129577637]
[56.77877426147461]
[3.8321290016174316]
[2.373215436935425]
[5.188443660736084]
[0.42155909538269043]
[1.7396560907363892]
[0.3178306818008423]
[7.138260364532471]
[1.369908332824707]
[2.4681966304779053]
[0.020182713866233826]
[0.1275213211774826]
[96.99395751953125]
[10.284082412719727]
[2.7026097774505615]
[3.426459550857544]
[3.427293062210083]
[2.9214255809783936]
[5.030615329742432]
[55.42948913574219]
[83.88738250732422]
[1.059981346130371]
[0.8810793161392212]
[0.8537930846214294]
[1.7779834270477295]
[1.0056568384170532]
[1.4528735876083374]
[1.256395936012268]
[0.876923143863678]
[5.169076442718506]
[4.414153575897217]
[1.241467833518982]
[12.489763259887695]
[3.8825995922088623]
[0.04510273039340973]
[2.760329008102417]
[1.4776225090026855]
[3.435809373855591]
[0.7741068005561829]
[1.1156573295593262]
[2.4286186695098877]
[4.690799713134766]
[0.021056288853287697]
[1.1329550743103027]
[5.970402240753174]
[0.5643982887268066]
[0.9456440210342407]
[0.021077783778309822]
[0.5816370844841003]
[0.029397767037153244]
[0.25614413619041443]
[1.8706058263778687]
[49.1690788269043]
[1.9882292747497559]
[4.151883125305176]
[0.4419225752353668]
[9.64950180053711]
[0.8443464040756226]
[80.99285888671875]
[1.3358542919158936]
[1.2836118936538696]
[2.955878973007202]
[1.3327915668487549]
[0.014349235221743584]
[1.0514652729034424]
[1.2888928651809692]
[3.321089506149292]
[74.41816711425781]
[3.672261953353882]
[0.8058633208274841]
[1.7550753355026245]
[3.3581151962280273]
[1.8666020631790161]
[1.8833814859390259]
[4.316332817077637]
[4.414544582366943]
[2.229663610458374]
[1.0776126384735107]
[3.1851534843444824]
[2.2636728286743164]
[1.7041317224502563]
[0.1123940646648407]
[4.667736053466797]
[0.8511537313461304]
[68.06224822998047]
[29.114831924438477]
[0.277651309967041]
[0.9764846563339233]
[28.688945770263672]
[58.803096771240234]
[4.484091281890869]
[4.204649448394775]
[0.24901723861694336]
[112.26062774658203]
[3.4519412517547607]
[3.3502752780914307]
[15.766740798950195]
[4.207513809204102]
[2.8226568698883057]
[5.9408674240112305]
[0.5689765810966492]
[0.6749582886695862]
[1.1678202152252197]
[3.4484314918518066]
[0.04363352432847023]
[2.3383166790008545]
[1.9485152959823608]
[8.592470169067383]
[0.6776983141899109]
[1.8166989088058472]
[0.7866313457489014]
[60.0327262878418]
[0.6330875158309937]
[3.185119867324829]
[1.5896387100219727]
[1.4931443929672241]
[0.6244643926620483]
[1.3968275785446167]
[1.1132681369781494]
[2.4945008754730225]
[1.7837759256362915]
[3.672433853149414]
[0.7964722514152527]
[3.2712435722351074]
[6.53514289855957]
[7.570855617523193]
[0.6308051943778992]
[0.9179134964942932]
[0.2701094150543213]
[0.3958972990512848]
[0.3863963782787323]
[0.3243395686149597]
[1.035393476486206]
[0.44922569394111633]
[0.18023747205734253]
[0.4538872539997101]
[0.023941587656736374]
[1.9062135219573975]
[26.849607467651367]
[0.3427729904651642]
[1.5081994533538818]
[2.769460678100586]
[0.08382067084312439]
[1.0472875833511353]
[1.6494946479797363]
[0.5991876125335693]
[63.49799346923828]
[0.7755820751190186]
[0.6126962304115295]
[0.7355812788009644]
[0.63828444480896]
[0.5605640411376953]
[3.4318323135375977]
[19.04327392578125]
[0.651658833026886]
[0.6595457196235657]
[0.5380107164382935]
[0.20562615990638733]
[6.643828868865967]
[0.2533625662326813]
[2.1116747856140137]
[0.016283106058835983]
[0.0469406396150589]
[0.634442150592804]
[1.6024219989776611]
[27.62964630126953]
[9.556131362915039]
[0.8493063449859619]
[6.435037612915039]
[55.25453567504883]
[0.9503986239433289]
[0.7092390656471252]
[1.171684741973877]
[0.49916690587997437]
[0.8815579414367676]
[8.349894523620605]
[0.5610443353652954]
[4.646544933319092]
[4.728915691375732]
[0.171373650431633]
[2.652677059173584]
[0.56661057472229]
[0.7223626971244812]
[0.12245921045541763]
[3.649513006210327]
[6.023491859436035]
[7.458032608032227]
[0.01107003167271614]
[0.5490776896476746]
[0.13183607161045074]
[0.055856987833976746]
[0.16881713271141052]
[0.9061407446861267]
[1.6501044034957886]
[36.71520233154297]
[1.8948359489440918]
[0.706011176109314]
[4.187345504760742]
[0.4026094079017639]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[10.974010467529297]
[2.7528955936431885]
[3.1320419311523438]
[59.6487922668457]
[1.284987211227417]
[2.2252037525177]
[21.891746520996094]
[2.5692920684814453]
[1.2656441926956177]
[0.731008768081665]
[3.4489023685455322]
[0.7905548810958862]
[0.8573591709136963]
[3.3042659759521484]
[0.6948770880699158]
[0.9888244867324829]
[0.6718506813049316]
[1.3065202236175537]
[0.8708106279373169]
[3.4683847427368164]
[1.3681102991104126]
[2.1741487979888916]
[4.362206935882568]
[4.426472187042236]
[3.5263185501098633]
[0.05428098514676094]
[65.75167846679688]
[21.20855140686035]
[2.4531285762786865]
[63.015663146972656]
[1.4142799377441406]
[0.17205090820789337]
[1.0046961307525635]
[0.70707106590271]
[8.620630264282227]
[1.8736159801483154]
[0.03608023375272751]
[0.8047091960906982]
[0.021783454343676567]
[4.2835774421691895]
[0.12038897722959518]
[1.1254721879959106]
[3.675631523132324]
[1.531003475189209]
[0.5892817974090576]
[1.135101556777954]
[78.4207763671875]
[1.1521724462509155]
[0.009015350602567196]
[2.837996482849121]
[0.481674462556839]
[6.563976287841797]
[69.4369125366211]
[3.230863094329834]
[2.6027016639709473]
[1.7581982612609863]
[1.9104961156845093]
[1.8751492500305176]
[13.408642768859863]
[1.7534469366073608]
[0.7033873200416565]
[1.5473729372024536]
[16.33737564086914]
[25.853544235229492]
[55.564414978027344]
[4.147043228149414]
[0.28491315245628357]
[2.6224637031555176]
[0.36571329832077026]
[3.710306167602539]
[1.8477568626403809]
[0.012751646339893341]
[58.32985305786133]
[57.368385314941406]
[0.9031538963317871]
[0.8988496661186218]
[5.615378379821777]
[0.4632629156112671]
[0.8556393384933472]
[12.182514190673828]
[0.8551016449928284]
[0.6585445404052734]
[1.4940060377120972]
[27.928546905517578]
[2.4962525367736816]
[0.21137720346450806]
[0.30474814772605896]
[0.6935839653015137]
[46.02095031738281]
[0.6757432818412781]
[23.62740707397461]
[0.028041351586580276]
[2.913860559463501]
[1.1257452964782715]
[4.353236675262451]
[14.960253715515137]
[68.90091705322266]
[2.9388837814331055]
[60.34638977050781]
[2.363931655883789]
[0.05576371029019356]
[0.6041122674942017]
[1.5354218482971191]
[11.416342735290527]
[103.04507446289062]
[5.143835067749023]
[4.646673202514648]
[0.3827943801879883]
[2.6532986164093018]
[1.9154869318008423]
[3.607714891433716]
[0.7964118719100952]
[26.061080932617188]
[0.2397773712873459]
[85.13700866699219]
[5.262701034545898]
[48.12831115722656]
[1.9068948030471802]
[5.109184265136719]
[9.000022888183594]
[0.4456631541252136]
[3.7220146656036377]
[1.277903437614441]
[40.949119567871094]
[3.984480381011963]
[11.783156394958496]
[0.10192286223173141]
[0.026224052533507347]
[1.1509678363800049]
[3.5717687606811523]
[0.4590766131877899]
[2.449697971343994]
[4.474347114562988]
[1.3588486909866333]
[4.81910514831543]
[0.5579964518547058]
[1.3819371461868286]
[2.144947052001953]
[0.27986574172973633]
[24.098426818847656]
[2.0082662105560303]
[7.112184047698975]
[1.2203401327133179]
[70.2851791381836]
[0.2061109095811844]
[0.48945075273513794]
[0.210486501455307]
[1.5540345907211304]
[1.0992190837860107]
[48.66826248168945]
[1.1533172130584717]
[0.2879124581813812]
[0.3723927438259125]
[1.9380794763565063]
[1.5195927619934082]
[48.05857467651367]
[0.210586279630661]
[0.36352935433387756]
[2.4953389167785645]
[7.8426432609558105]
[1.1764699220657349]
[3.6772985458374023]
[0.45580753684043884]
[3.9920589923858643]
[0.8595377206802368]
[0.32395756244659424]
[51.169639587402344]
[3.2611749172210693]
[6.122630596160889]
[0.6112256050109863]
[0.7772142291069031]
[2.307159185409546]
[0.7334414720535278]
[1.106024146080017]
[2.5374855995178223]
[50.76075744628906]
[9.128990173339844]
[0.03795632719993591]
[3.5495238304138184]
[1.3220946788787842]
[1.3280028104782104]
[54.50181198120117]
[1.541520357131958]
[3.4320948123931885]
[4.395850658416748]
[91.52601623535156]
[0.3763505220413208]
[0.9037295579910278]
[0.08557594567537308]
[4.255139350891113]
[1.5057183504104614]
[74.40914916992188]
[1.5316438674926758]
[1.071576476097107]
[65.23291015625]
[4.449217319488525]
[4.1182427406311035]
[1.867824912071228]
[2.1862478256225586]
[2.6361172199249268]
[6.537679672241211]
[1.3285017013549805]
[0.04172568768262863]
[0.9395480155944824]
[0.5696466565132141]
[4.0103936195373535]
[0.2403462529182434]
[101.34060668945312]
[0.9133417010307312]
[1.427756905555725]
[3.1523756980895996]
[8.473276138305664]
[0.8712456226348877]
[3.5160045623779297]
[1.2525960206985474]
[53.75675964355469]
[4.76473331451416]
[1.629713773727417]
[4.983492851257324]
[0.8838853240013123]
[2.024332046508789]
[10.592376708984375]
[54.66739273071289]
[1.0280063152313232]
[1.8305636644363403]
[0.37527230381965637]
[3.0472981929779053]
[2.1442813873291016]
[1.1945312023162842]
[0.7906391620635986]
[0.6885123252868652]
[1.40483820438385]
[2.2146317958831787]
[1.660414218902588]
[0.8011150360107422]
[0.45175182819366455]
[4.461170196533203]
[106.12094116210938]
[54.44921875]
[1.7050142288208008]
[1.7319402694702148]
[0.6601894497871399]
[0.39475566148757935]
[0.23716211318969727]
[0.8213942050933838]
[2.318359613418579]
[2.62896728515625]
[0.6608507633209229]
[4.571162223815918]
[0.003250781213864684]
[3.1173582077026367]
[1.948136568069458]
[3.935657262802124]
[0.5561702251434326]
[1.9938673973083496]
[0.10096341371536255]
[0.06172776594758034]
[0.6507781147956848]
[4.086130619049072]
[0.6006774306297302]
[64.56478881835938]
[2.7543022632598877]
[0.08567582070827484]
[1.308475375175476]
[1.9714566469192505]
[0.20287448167800903]
[0.9860283136367798]
[32.78699493408203]
[1.0989289283752441]
[0.8520095944404602]
[80.00640869140625]
[1.0782790184020996]
[6.815881252288818]
[0.20567463338375092]
[3.413625717163086]
[2.0058047771453857]
[0.8558009266853333]
[1.8486937284469604]
[3.792289972305298]
[0.22711262106895447]
[4.475929260253906]
[90.89518737792969]
[1.2535512447357178]
[61.4134407043457]
[10.877215385437012]
[4.2631940841674805]
[3.2926650047302246]
[14.247757911682129]
[0.9811053276062012]
[23.9545955657959]
[2.222179651260376]
[0.6727960109710693]
[2.3535823822021484]
[2.6465113162994385]
[0.9421359896659851]
[0.23275156319141388]
[1.7675472497940063]
[0.46266797184944153]
[3.154339551925659]
[0.7489566802978516]
[0.8568477630615234]
[93.48841094970703]
[211.74722290039062]
[1.6507360935211182]
[3.3521299362182617]
[0.035290684551000595]
[0.6230499148368835]
[6.902636528015137]
[4.730235576629639]
[2.4268975257873535]
[3.4312713146209717]
[4.9975905418396]
[164.88658142089844]
[10.289897918701172]
[104.97421264648438]
[5.438801288604736]
[3.5340158939361572]
[56.464298248291016]
[5.865548133850098]
[0.7172208428382874]
[1.7270230054855347]
[2.707731246948242]
[3.017972946166992]
[2.6740994453430176]
[3.395582914352417]
[2.6562530994415283]
[0.07281472533941269]
[1.430966854095459]
[2.464916229248047]
[2.967694044113159]
[2.632352828979492]
[1.7192463874816895]
[0.005662203300744295]
[16.378808975219727]
[0.29837825894355774]
[0.6809523105621338]
[3.5071849822998047]
[58.094764709472656]
[0.2386382520198822]
[1.0557928085327148]
[0.8448367118835449]
[1.65010666847229]
[10.546886444091797]
[0.9318802356719971]
[5.2917914390563965]
[1.2692221403121948]
[6.728061676025391]
[1.0752815008163452]
[22.583711624145508]
[1.3037676811218262]
[5.474462509155273]
[9.883872985839844]
[0.6225240230560303]
[0.017146863043308258]
[0.5346039533615112]
[11.647321701049805]
[1.5288292169570923]
[47.162845611572266]
[0.03625866398215294]
[70.03479766845703]
[0.4062849283218384]
[1.1618566513061523]
[0.8935642242431641]
[2.9228973388671875]
[1.7360130548477173]
[0.5199699997901917]
[0.9240269660949707]
[1.0381051301956177]
[0.4823799133300781]
[1.1865655183792114]
[0.25905027985572815]
[1.0805400609970093]
[1.1262357234954834]
[3.1984503269195557]
[244.5166778564453]
[7.153674125671387]
[0.613726794719696]
[19.54875946044922]
[2.4503173828125]
[5.013418674468994]
[3.4995598793029785]
[0.13895578682422638]
[58.57945251464844]
[5.763371467590332]
[1.3745448589324951]
[2.7524094581604004]
[0.6285867094993591]
[113.63470458984375]
[1.5745282173156738]
[10.412402153015137]
[24.779687881469727]
[1.1440911293029785]
[9.693829536437988]
[4.820483684539795]
[1.5353572368621826]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.764298915863037]
[0.7303209900856018]
[1.1530886888504028]
[0.14992286264896393]
[4.707536697387695]
[2.1547515392303467]
[8.058067321777344]
[2.5167832374572754]
[1.5275508165359497]
[3.209779739379883]
[1.9713046550750732]
[0.2464773952960968]
[0.8435322642326355]
[214.04428100585938]
[1.8498082160949707]
[0.24166521430015564]
[1.6759856939315796]
[2.4492690563201904]
[5.015491485595703]
[0.018068179488182068]
[64.0289535522461]
[0.004979397170245647]
[68.33011627197266]
[2.2127532958984375]
[0.18848063051700592]
[0.43601474165916443]
[2.7626492977142334]
[75.95516967773438]
[0.6656598448753357]
[2.719822406768799]
[2.3931591510772705]
[4.725047588348389]
[29.026199340820312]
[3.2829244136810303]
[2.1294732093811035]
[3.431802272796631]
[0.06598824262619019]
[0.2628082036972046]
[0.5605394840240479]
[62.13664245605469]
[7.448830604553223]
[56.683738708496094]
[23.48672866821289]
[2.276336669921875]
[0.017216138541698456]
[0.030918195843696594]
[10.440543174743652]
[4.257997989654541]
[1.160508632659912]
[27.139089584350586]
[0.9836177229881287]
[0.2359636276960373]
[51.441776275634766]
[0.3272964060306549]
[1.4578512907028198]
[23.854175567626953]
[2.0595667362213135]
[5.484946250915527]
[5.013834476470947]
[0.4628450870513916]
[0.9847670197486877]
[0.1857423633337021]
[1.3764523267745972]
[3.182344436645508]
[11.646039009094238]
[59.28715515136719]
[2.398658037185669]
[0.3335055112838745]
[0.0579875223338604]
[0.8267372846603394]
[7.4110331535339355]
[3.536389112472534]
[69.00759887695312]
[3.6521356105804443]
[2.0472049713134766]
[2.9042725563049316]
[1.2532473802566528]
[0.5495084524154663]
[3.912332534790039]
[1.9536725282669067]
[78.51686096191406]
[7.10231876373291]
[3.868617296218872]
[0.11819805204868317]
[6.626242160797119]
[0.6026647686958313]
[1.4422292709350586]
[0.9761325716972351]
[0.5472878217697144]
[1.2286409139633179]
[1.3346970081329346]
[0.1217874214053154]
[5.9037652015686035]
[95.82777404785156]
[1.252679705619812]
[1.8238714933395386]
[2.6903693675994873]
[0.2557719647884369]
[0.7164688110351562]
[38.0141716003418]
[0.9612244963645935]
[0.019498899579048157]
[1.4777766466140747]
[1.371446967124939]
[1.2538528442382812]
[2.1176230907440186]
[2.5936155319213867]
[1.4067392349243164]
[1.3042287826538086]
[0.798491358757019]
[0.7815137505531311]
[9.017901420593262]
[4.427692413330078]
[20.95012855529785]
[77.49291229248047]
[0.37799176573753357]
[2.074403762817383]
[9.390949249267578]
[56.56220245361328]
[0.27764156460762024]
[1.6736869812011719]
[1.11268949508667]
[11.458006858825684]
[0.2988019287586212]
[53.3892936706543]
[3.5173425674438477]
[0.698407769203186]
[2.813460111618042]
[1.5137099027633667]
[0.010397417470812798]
[3.9314653873443604]
[3.630645751953125]
[1.915425419807434]
[4.328707695007324]
[1.5596935749053955]
[4.0414652824401855]
[1.091392159461975]
[0.7480438947677612]
[0.9862701296806335]
[0.22453778982162476]
[1.5333153009414673]
[0.4803513288497925]
[0.5288251638412476]
[0.6091550588607788]
[7.469592094421387]
[15.560397148132324]
[5.3209614753723145]
[0.23229409754276276]
[1.297815203666687]
[3.7789559364318848]
[3.565899133682251]
[1.0949219465255737]
[0.7712410092353821]
[91.75426483154297]
[1.69557523727417]
[62.60810089111328]
[0.9236645698547363]
[0.018936840817332268]
[1.5595709085464478]
[5.219558238983154]
[1.271453857421875]
[0.0660322830080986]
[2.628244400024414]
[51.551753997802734]
[1.4674640893936157]
[57.766422271728516]
[1.1024885177612305]
[0.15783721208572388]
[0.6720580458641052]
[0.7032425403594971]
[2.9617481231689453]
[4.1476640701293945]
[0.3858870267868042]
[1.4253839254379272]
[3.0770559310913086]
[0.9438834190368652]
[0.23812027275562286]
[28.804258346557617]
[1.642303466796875]
[0.15848582983016968]
[4.278398513793945]
[0.7934132218360901]
[0.8898113369941711]
[0.6442167162895203]
[1.3029470443725586]
[13.7564058303833]
[55.016143798828125]
[0.39160048961639404]
[1.9463773965835571]
[0.02411351352930069]
[4.823202133178711]
[1.2583286762237549]
[2.2459821701049805]
[2.673734426498413]
[3.1081056594848633]
[0.20124107599258423]
[6.0461955070495605]
[0.5461273193359375]
[0.6305826306343079]
[60.4544563293457]
[1.4195822477340698]
[1.3236788511276245]
[10.010022163391113]
[0.005721522029489279]
[77.69099426269531]
[0.0530017614364624]
[3.0502021312713623]
[0.6859595775604248]
[1.0593743324279785]
[5.185723781585693]
[5.441439628601074]
[178.34564208984375]
[85.59326171875]
[0.29698142409324646]
[5.527005195617676]
[3.560413122177124]
[3.4320199489593506]
[0.022365503013134003]
[14.956076622009277]
[4.435400485992432]
[3.183483600616455]
[5.256414413452148]
[0.01419209223240614]
[59.08626937866211]
[1.053432822227478]
[2.6724660396575928]
[3.5850677490234375]
[3.3316330909729004]
[7.171472072601318]
[82.91142272949219]
[4.343238353729248]
[4.792376518249512]
[0.25978127121925354]
[5.544867038726807]
[13.451549530029297]
[2.728957414627075]
[2.324226140975952]
[2.3362085819244385]
[1.1565982103347778]
[2.291219472885132]
[0.01380480732768774]
[0.6453817486763]
[1.3102062940597534]
[91.24382781982422]
[1.031935453414917]
[8.778841972351074]
[168.3853302001953]
[5.556790351867676]
[1.970902681350708]
[2.4711661338806152]
[3.2569942474365234]
[4.372159004211426]
[2.0702614784240723]
[1.8505799770355225]
[3.182191848754883]
[2.044490098953247]
[1.0304374694824219]
[3.647522211074829]
[8.461917877197266]
[1.0119214057922363]
[61.60564041137695]
[57.26150894165039]
[0.4893951117992401]
[0.25254422426223755]
[1.4832109212875366]
[1.019017219543457]
[24.252561569213867]
[3.6008594036102295]
[217.51902770996094]
[4.8456501960754395]
[4.708083152770996]
[58.487667083740234]
[1.970064640045166]
[54.67885208129883]
[10.407702445983887]
[1.8874584436416626]
[0.1726396679878235]
[4.825413703918457]
[5.073918342590332]
[1.595554232597351]
[0.6949198842048645]
[2.0153441429138184]
[0.2876025438308716]
[67.68399047851562]
[0.4105904698371887]
[1.2733168601989746]
[5.607572555541992]
[0.48691385984420776]
[0.00516841234639287]
[0.2829383313655853]
[0.4141736328601837]
[2.9310498237609863]
[3.1664724349975586]
[2.0965662002563477]
[61.426204681396484]
[1.231177806854248]
[41.293514251708984]
[2.3512136936187744]
[1.5645248889923096]
[5.455015182495117]
[22.31009292602539]
[0.6107202768325806]
[1.2106249332427979]
[46.599246978759766]
[0.7771307229995728]
[2.432955265045166]
[4.2252516746521]
[1.7401947975158691]
[0.6098392605781555]
[10.002842903137207]
[0.6288945078849792]
[2.3868091106414795]
[2.07490611076355]
[2.0410356521606445]
[50.4395866394043]
[2.1783597469329834]
[49.863525390625]
[3.5237338542938232]
[1.4504635334014893]
[0.7578293681144714]
[1.0238232612609863]
[1.2408134937286377]
[130.83692932128906]
[2.348428964614868]
[1.4601386785507202]
[61.50997543334961]
[10.981431007385254]
[1.1994682550430298]
[6.238346099853516]
[25.43850326538086]
[3.374337673187256]
[0.0650581419467926]
[0.6789010763168335]
[0.05689777061343193]
[0.016345413401722908]
[1.284903883934021]
[2.5588185787200928]
[4.537187576293945]
[2.55214786529541]
[1.247000813484192]
[2.439380645751953]
[189.96331787109375]
[5.334442615509033]
[0.004972940310835838]
[0.7692442536354065]
[7.529303550720215]
[1.3171724081039429]
[0.6654136180877686]
[2.1766419410705566]
[3.2828421592712402]
[0.08972403407096863]
[0.5293914079666138]
[3.433622360229492]
[1.8493930101394653]
[76.78794860839844]
[4.646538257598877]
[4.177002429962158]
[0.6704286336898804]
[1.628778338432312]
[2.369809150695801]
[2.457228899002075]
[2.2981491088867188]
[3.5330023765563965]
[0.8164131045341492]
[1.1338090896606445]
[0.21416252851486206]
[3.426447868347168]
[4.234637260437012]
[2.937157392501831]
[1.125048041343689]
[4.832640171051025]
[0.03673806041479111]
[1.4301292896270752]
[1.9539361000061035]
[0.33438950777053833]
[1.7794466018676758]
[61.723846435546875]
[2.72932767868042]
[90.59246063232422]
[2.9606728553771973]
[49.700401306152344]
[1.817520022392273]
[47.781776428222656]
[1.8141014575958252]
[3.346914052963257]
[3.1430275440216064]
[0.3575056493282318]
[2.7185776233673096]
[102.55228424072266]
[4.367496013641357]
[1.625510811805725]
[0.3050481379032135]
[3.729313850402832]
[0.7984621524810791]
[54.74647521972656]
[15.594910621643066]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[5.408799648284912]
[73.40080261230469]
[7.3155975341796875]
[1.4000358581542969]
[10.002111434936523]
[4.985684394836426]
[1.3893166780471802]
[2.5284104347229004]
[0.06510766595602036]
[64.2093276977539]
[7.446609973907471]
[29.806127548217773]
[0.46497616171836853]
[176.31027221679688]
[1.9779303073883057]
[4.581570625305176]
[0.02012583427131176]
[1.6187323331832886]
[0.13355818390846252]
[0.6210200786590576]
[251.78750610351562]
[1.1577482223510742]
[4.138663291931152]
[2.2427968978881836]
[0.7713236808776855]
[34.716670989990234]
[1.3245795965194702]
[1.8590948581695557]
[0.02455495111644268]
[6.266528129577637]
[66.42727661132812]
[2.3085432052612305]
[4.827828884124756]
[0.5057252645492554]
[5.160759449005127]
[3.9955978393554688]
[7.270808219909668]
[0.23902669548988342]
[3.842135429382324]
[0.018957631662487984]
[0.006473683286458254]
[2.8388257026672363]
[4.475334644317627]
[4.0367112159729]
[0.25517141819000244]
[0.010284301824867725]
[33.37022399902344]
[3.118190050125122]
[1.2320197820663452]
[3.2815396785736084]
[1.2904566526412964]
[0.06660201400518417]
[0.019138852134346962]
[1.6428717374801636]
[2.003405809402466]
[30.388811111450195]
[0.08009344339370728]
[2.0885825157165527]
[5.882895469665527]
[2.088470935821533]
[65.12364959716797]
[1.2245022058486938]
[1.1577740907669067]
[46.646728515625]
[2.1125941276550293]
[0.273790180683136]
[1.7659885883331299]
[0.43026649951934814]
[3.3886826038360596]
[0.038586702197790146]
[1.5327017307281494]
[5.279113292694092]
[1.4158743619918823]
[0.07736793905496597]
[2.8612143993377686]
[2.0049350261688232]
[2.8035166263580322]
[4.956747055053711]
[2.0916097164154053]
[7.138674736022949]
[7.2091965675354]
[9.628836631774902]
[0.5218738913536072]
[1.438818335533142]
[1.184374213218689]
[1.0581140518188477]
[0.8155415058135986]
[1.3739635944366455]
[1.416359305381775]
[3.2672998905181885]
[3.125819444656372]
[12.266119003295898]
[93.13528442382812]
[0.7987986207008362]
[23.355979919433594]
[0.015993716195225716]
[52.315711975097656]
[0.08473468571901321]
[2.8975002765655518]
[64.38497161865234]
[1.464504361152649]
[2.99287486076355]
[1.3348610401153564]
[0.023058323189616203]
[2.0849108695983887]
[1.1483681201934814]
[2.7690134048461914]
[0.0346149317920208]
[1.332352638244629]
[1.5318114757537842]
[0.7851736545562744]
[1.1507117748260498]
[0.9617987871170044]
[8.752542495727539]
[1.4746803045272827]
[55.72171401977539]
[3.0238752365112305]
[0.6928260922431946]
[0.5573799014091492]
[10.806665420532227]
[54.891571044921875]
[1.0739573240280151]
[78.72161865234375]
[1.9122939109802246]
[2.3881633281707764]
[0.08911126106977463]
[2.696896553039551]
[1.221326470375061]
[1.455553412437439]
[0.29720833897590637]
[0.47133347392082214]
[1.5196022987365723]
[0.5471624135971069]
[0.018152331933379173]
[4.620944023132324]
[0.109323650598526]
[1.1834238767623901]
[0.9706072807312012]
[0.3354363739490509]
[0.14886493980884552]
[0.6832575798034668]
[1.2360587120056152]
[0.4004841148853302]
[2.3336687088012695]
[2.1912119388580322]
[1.1465665102005005]
[0.7112538814544678]
[2.389458417892456]
[0.23521654307842255]
[0.6135269999504089]
[1.72113037109375]
[2.0570666790008545]
[0.251056969165802]
[5.92331075668335]
[1.1273449659347534]
[0.7349302768707275]
[76.25619506835938]
[0.16433121263980865]
[18.948463439941406]
[0.7895453572273254]
[5.766786575317383]
[0.9323561191558838]
[1.6777398586273193]
[0.10450895130634308]
[1.711860179901123]
[0.4393106698989868]
[1.4267630577087402]
[1.3152174949645996]
[0.19605247676372528]
[0.2716943621635437]
[0.0540475957095623]
[0.014855141751468182]
[0.6602394580841064]
[6.333527088165283]
[1.401991367340088]
[1.5454078912734985]
[0.006782207638025284]
[3.8980395793914795]
[1.093849539756775]
[0.0335223525762558]
[1.7970222234725952]
[1.378586769104004]
[1.2323919534683228]
[80.61691284179688]
[2.537855625152588]
[3.126965284347534]
[2.568638324737549]
[1.4389996528625488]
[17.76178741455078]
[112.02147674560547]
[102.9018783569336]
[0.2119273990392685]
[59.540409088134766]
[1.3970990180969238]
[1.890433669090271]
[2.102290153503418]
[0.03531430661678314]
[5.584420680999756]
[7.20157527923584]
[0.5807008147239685]
[1.260791540145874]
[4.952435493469238]
[5.951986312866211]
[10.944818496704102]
[1.4689373970031738]
[2.831162214279175]
[0.12220044434070587]
[1.1109733581542969]
[5.032953262329102]
[0.7338044047355652]
[0.00831537414342165]
[0.6070788502693176]
[1.448067307472229]
[0.9004669785499573]
[0.384901762008667]
[2.7022080421447754]
[0.06242932379245758]
[1.8531078100204468]
[19.039813995361328]
[0.016571801155805588]
[2.3293235301971436]
[1.472419023513794]
[0.8912748098373413]
[0.1898733675479889]
[1.611510157585144]
[3.1641550064086914]
[6.743752956390381]
[10.023247718811035]
[23.596403121948242]
[0.37378156185150146]
[2.1812644004821777]
[0.9795181155204773]
[135.4604034423828]
[4.315954208374023]
[0.6084957122802734]
[0.4595669209957123]
[0.961438000202179]
[1.768367052078247]
[3.192396640777588]
[1.1689459085464478]
[0.4584008455276489]
[3.113006353378296]
[10.721275329589844]
[0.2832034230232239]
[108.66659545898438]
[0.028440214693546295]
[0.5487719774246216]
[1.7796052694320679]
[1.059365153312683]
[67.51226806640625]
[1.0689783096313477]
[1.150452971458435]
[1.4080662727355957]
[1.3601593971252441]
[3.375913381576538]
[1.5627902746200562]
[0.20617207884788513]
[0.9906567335128784]
[2.098245859146118]
[0.4619303047657013]
[1.061422348022461]
[2.952932119369507]
[1.6092431545257568]
[0.8855842351913452]
[0.43017295002937317]
[24.101818084716797]
[0.6002277731895447]
[0.6150652766227722]
[61.970767974853516]
[0.538253903388977]
[0.025693034753203392]
[2.271418809890747]
[23.487043380737305]
[3.894106864929199]
[66.54621887207031]
[0.877427339553833]
[1.6962202787399292]
[5.517627716064453]
[3.5509655475616455]
[0.06367481499910355]
[0.3590926229953766]
[0.7516126036643982]
[1.6340245008468628]
[2.2331411838531494]
[0.009253240190446377]
[1.4581924676895142]
[0.8912618160247803]
[0.5327554941177368]
[34.413700103759766]
[0.20443515479564667]
[1.8072686195373535]
[7.051977157592773]
[15.442549705505371]
[0.5974357724189758]
[0.5941411852836609]
[1.1852149963378906]
[0.01592916063964367]
[1.34920072555542]
[3.598252534866333]
[6.9281005859375]
[0.5577936768531799]
[0.6245765089988708]
[2.345548629760742]
[71.84522247314453]
[0.6926847100257874]
[85.42768859863281]
[62.7995491027832]
[1.0290294885635376]
[0.5410771369934082]
[3.869699478149414]
[0.4935646057128906]
[0.1959303468465805]
[0.2147526741027832]
[2.7176506519317627]
[1.414793848991394]
[7.8628764152526855]
[0.871411144733429]
[3.802932024002075]
[0.03641870617866516]
[0.7654054164886475]
[2.569448947906494]
[3.321626901626587]
[16.064722061157227]
[1.5994138717651367]
[3.704972743988037]
[2.2063703536987305]
[0.5479481816291809]
[0.01607128605246544]
[3.0780632495880127]
[110.33601379394531]
[0.019638869911432266]
[0.9139189124107361]
[5.885598182678223]
[10.697872161865234]
[1.9177038669586182]
[7.301047325134277]
[0.021833673119544983]
[1.9548894166946411]
[64.10568237304688]
[0.020936142653226852]
[0.5942668318748474]
[0.7694271802902222]
[5.003850936889648]
[1.2988579273223877]
[1.8285446166992188]
[1.4637483358383179]
[2.7257845401763916]
[5.6118388175964355]
[2.3696587085723877]
[17.631752014160156]
[0.15492822229862213]
[0.7549662590026855]
[0.9418318867683411]
[0.9684491753578186]
[1.7731961011886597]
[0.41420674324035645]
[1.6119141578674316]
[0.5607073903083801]
[68.0174331665039]
[60.816768646240234]
[1.6816905736923218]
[0.10295519232749939]
[0.031119246035814285]
[3.1086783409118652]
[0.2893393635749817]
[10.747000694274902]
[57.47621536254883]
[1.4839680194854736]
[0.714687705039978]
[0.65489661693573]
[4.0360331535339355]
[1.1879855394363403]
[4.631173610687256]
[0.7026911973953247]
[3.8772003650665283]
[0.30646756291389465]
[2.9491841793060303]
[0.871701180934906]
[48.41999816894531]
[8.791302680969238]
[1.0920928716659546]
[0.031749702990055084]
[0.5475720763206482]
[1.6882548332214355]
[4.6064629554748535]
[18.091354370117188]
[0.03929944708943367]
[1.0387455224990845]
[1.9786723852157593]
[1.158689022064209]
[0.6100901961326599]
[0.8390256762504578]
[4.412792205810547]
[0.5349846482276917]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.39080238342285156]
[0.9369679093360901]
[0.28937357664108276]
[0.157162606716156]
[1.561720371246338]
[58.066062927246094]
[58.912662506103516]
[0.4841108024120331]
[174.56527709960938]
[10.06660270690918]
[0.037226393818855286]
[22.15460968017578]
[1.32393217086792]
[1.9624568223953247]
[1.9765907526016235]
[4.936868667602539]
[0.23134291172027588]
[0.51410311460495]
[0.09673342108726501]
[7.571767807006836]
[10.903057098388672]
[3.06642484664917]
[4.511781692504883]
[1.657645583152771]
[0.06470130383968353]
[0.22594600915908813]
[0.03956446796655655]
[1.90935480594635]
[19.473371505737305]
[5.056369781494141]
[3.5135576725006104]
[0.9128624796867371]
[4.373053550720215]
[0.05645596981048584]
[0.27607545256614685]
[1.4801852703094482]
[2.9672818183898926]
[0.6634215712547302]
[4.714268684387207]
[0.6093599796295166]
[1.9147595167160034]
[0.42993026971817017]
[1.116178035736084]
[2.285578727722168]
[3.0585405826568604]
[0.997253954410553]
[2.327096462249756]
[6.246112823486328]
[56.8018798828125]
[195.8532257080078]
[21.279272079467773]
[0.9026693105697632]
[33.97181701660156]
[0.30345821380615234]
[66.16175079345703]
[0.5912582874298096]
[0.026867948472499847]
[3.7106964588165283]
[0.7441027760505676]
[2.6440961360931396]
[6.8488874435424805]
[3.022517204284668]
[9.807754516601562]
[2.1677346229553223]
[2.3016088008880615]
[4.723115921020508]
[1.556247353553772]
[3.1863481998443604]
[0.5002367496490479]
[0.06837976723909378]
[5.5588555335998535]
[3.563544273376465]
[0.325495183467865]
[1.5784155130386353]
[97.84857177734375]
[0.3216729760169983]
[3.464411973953247]
[1.7168774604797363]
[1.1979693174362183]
[0.4563899636268616]
[1.0463978052139282]
[0.8705808520317078]
[14.236258506774902]
[2.442676305770874]
[0.021125322207808495]
[66.41053009033203]
[2.4992246627807617]
[0.559648871421814]
[0.6334644556045532]
[0.3313013017177582]
[0.009709248319268227]
[25.643949508666992]
[1.2834686040878296]
[61.61936950683594]
[77.07379913330078]
[1.1230440139770508]
[0.6022363901138306]
[0.5761211514472961]
[3.0161843299865723]
[1.4020369052886963]
[9.77161693572998]
[0.01854030042886734]
[2.335293769836426]
[2.7559921741485596]
[0.6409509778022766]
[1.37624192237854]
[2.1977503299713135]
[9.561766624450684]
[5.314565658569336]
[2.1877191066741943]
[4.485863208770752]
[0.47854167222976685]
[0.9290175437927246]
[1.4419562816619873]
[5.731688022613525]
[58.20087814331055]
[56.72383117675781]
[1.3787533044815063]
[1.7624940872192383]
[0.6408637762069702]
[1.6107755899429321]
[1.7097501754760742]
[6.022580623626709]
[0.27388712763786316]
[0.23314249515533447]
[0.10564837604761124]
[5.646998882293701]
[0.2630292773246765]
[0.7006556987762451]
[0.02748863399028778]
[2.2061736583709717]
[14.208836555480957]
[0.22043894231319427]
[58.35060501098633]
[1.7997300624847412]
[0.20368370413780212]
[2.775212287902832]
[11.351160049438477]
[1.1569559574127197]
[1.8322837352752686]
[2.275866746902466]
[5.824981212615967]
[0.1950092315673828]
[0.8642328381538391]
[3.4409711360931396]
[0.2544238269329071]
[1.0000929832458496]
[2.4965081214904785]
[0.06928681582212448]
[3.6665143966674805]
[5.089656352996826]
[4.216487884521484]
[0.1757967323064804]
[6.091384410858154]
[4.7285685539245605]
[1.2628554105758667]
[3.2308335304260254]
[90.9396743774414]
[1.3006399869918823]
[17.56720542907715]
[91.84661865234375]
[1.642544150352478]
[3.210261583328247]
[1.033085584640503]
[1.3037265539169312]
[9.549966812133789]
[0.05860518291592598]
[1.020227074623108]
[1.2511277198791504]
[1.2690662145614624]
[2.429328680038452]
[1.3457568883895874]
[3.5321412086486816]
[0.7384156584739685]
[2.7438666820526123]
[0.047015462070703506]
[2.5734753608703613]
[47.38438415527344]
[1.5361179113388062]
[1.7444229125976562]
[6.57349967956543]
[1.2084009647369385]
[5.2192816734313965]
[0.18040581047534943]
[1.6852819919586182]
[12.878844261169434]
[4.951040744781494]
[2.4561500549316406]
[0.38876768946647644]
[0.039881933480501175]
[1.0502238273620605]
[1.8123157024383545]
[0.44036492705345154]
[0.26931232213974]
[0.04220688343048096]
[0.1864243447780609]
[0.4963010847568512]
[1.5426621437072754]
[0.685363233089447]
[3.406017541885376]
[64.69548034667969]
[0.0033240735065191984]
[0.8048924803733826]
[1.0828744173049927]
[0.3977622091770172]
[0.6988157033920288]
[2.5606184005737305]
[1.4956027269363403]
[0.8090571761131287]
[79.10107421875]
[7.985405445098877]
[0.25011253356933594]
[0.09169337898492813]
[0.027747156098484993]
[6.15782356262207]
[1.6427301168441772]
[9.509594917297363]
[4.350104808807373]
[0.6040558815002441]
[0.6977115869522095]
[0.3889831304550171]
[1.8925073146820068]
[0.24685673415660858]
[3.2959702014923096]
[0.3613848090171814]
[1.9688289165496826]
[37.68391036987305]
[57.529354095458984]
[110.00147247314453]
[1.1106820106506348]
[1.3848886489868164]
[2.7591640949249268]
[1.3827869892120361]
[0.0009209093987010419]
[2.250382900238037]
[53.40410614013672]
[8.588294982910156]
[0.1554211974143982]
[2.3983712196350098]
[2.3403847217559814]
[30.117591857910156]
[16.132104873657227]
[3.4496467113494873]
[3.0327401161193848]
[13.681548118591309]
[191.22364807128906]
[0.5067959427833557]
[4.826254367828369]
[1.934421181678772]
[51.957733154296875]
[4.027283668518066]
[0.8407175540924072]
[0.34755975008010864]
[3.9480104446411133]
[6.5882134437561035]
[4.881967544555664]
[2.1054940223693848]
[10.965682029724121]
[5.897823333740234]
[0.2185041755437851]
[0.4710882604122162]
[12.687294960021973]
[2.0176239013671875]
[11.816666603088379]
[3.392482280731201]
[2.2711000442504883]
[0.9679157137870789]
[2.7638680934906006]
[0.8903946876525879]
[1.423647403717041]
[7.663769721984863]
[2.0194716453552246]
[91.137451171875]
[2.804222345352173]
[2.8339929580688477]
[1.8361916542053223]
[0.05742497369647026]
[0.8949176073074341]
[0.6795032620429993]
[0.9719222187995911]
[1.965924859046936]
[0.0654514729976654]
[68.3523178100586]
[0.009203226305544376]
[1.019228219985962]
[1.911307692527771]
[2.364022731781006]
[15.162837982177734]
[1.7164360284805298]
[2.444861888885498]
[2.3388259410858154]
[63.88160705566406]
[22.29928970336914]
[1.6407592296600342]
[1.0101215839385986]
[1.9028663635253906]
[4.14047908782959]
[0.5641905665397644]
[1.300153374671936]
[57.97837829589844]
[6.1895318031311035]
[4.298657417297363]
[0.774900496006012]
[0.7451485395431519]
[0.11335159093141556]
[1.1859350204467773]
[2.311211109161377]
[0.01585179753601551]
[1.4605141878128052]
[2.1722519397735596]
[50.66794967651367]
[3.5083847045898438]
[75.53816223144531]
[71.9086685180664]
[0.44712546467781067]
[1.1102619171142578]
[1.1413105726242065]
[0.6064816117286682]
[111.20775604248047]
[2.042435884475708]
[0.2804247736930847]
[0.8742537498474121]
[0.028049001470208168]
[0.021085552871227264]
[5.602097988128662]
[60.870914459228516]
[2.90437388420105]
[17.50899887084961]
[1.8773808479309082]
[0.17054861783981323]
[8.946044921875]
[4.745840549468994]
[0.026919959113001823]
[6.939696788787842]
[0.03197939693927765]
[1.6922738552093506]
[0.014394547790288925]
[1.654313325881958]
[2.2318167686462402]
[4.3993377685546875]
[1.368895411491394]
[0.052659615874290466]
[5.6742777824401855]
[0.2940273582935333]
[0.6157647371292114]
[3.857356309890747]
[1.9350638389587402]
[0.0008502567652612925]
[0.64561927318573]
[0.32468709349632263]
[1.0744383335113525]
[6.417240142822266]
[0.022812221199274063]
[1.7819316387176514]
[0.2892746031284332]
[59.520545959472656]
[2.057906150817871]
[2.445861577987671]
[4.70008659362793]
[0.7447126507759094]
[54.01897048950195]
[0.6544603705406189]
[0.6073296070098877]
[3.004750967025757]
[0.8065074682235718]
[1.8709014654159546]
[65.75961303710938]
[1.6296205520629883]
[48.678157806396484]
[4.0413899421691895]
[2.5460305213928223]
[0.2506023049354553]
[6.2089128494262695]
[0.07219964265823364]
[0.4081912636756897]
[6.041133880615234]
[3.4883201122283936]
[0.2509952187538147]
[4.631711006164551]
[6.619121074676514]
[44.38469314575195]
[1.0718929767608643]
[4.85882568359375]
[0.3839498460292816]
[29.435592651367188]
[1.6238131523132324]
[2.3106589317321777]
[1.6027870178222656]
[0.20666299760341644]
[0.4790983498096466]
[45.74119186401367]
[0.7133548855781555]
[6.07772970199585]
[1.9488155841827393]
[7.914431571960449]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[5.912502288818359]
[3.482069492340088]
[48.71730041503906]
[2.2407028675079346]
[30.133230209350586]
[0.5449177026748657]
[53.18208312988281]
[1.2135248184204102]
[2.3161630630493164]
[10.163182258605957]
[0.9036191701889038]
[0.6186961531639099]
[0.5391573309898376]
[3.318350315093994]
[0.43266892433166504]
[0.14007003605365753]
[0.5562928318977356]
[0.5477870106697083]
[71.48641967773438]
[0.27435362339019775]
[2.0617196559906006]
[53.45310592651367]
[0.01800794154405594]
[1.7425097227096558]
[0.2343841791152954]
[2.9680252075195312]
[3.891357183456421]
[1.2214776277542114]
[0.8790525794029236]
[0.30931687355041504]
[57.002723693847656]
[0.7619794607162476]
[47.5799674987793]
[0.35766202211380005]
[24.48230743408203]
[44.579345703125]
[1.980910301208496]
[1.1538525819778442]
[2.192988634109497]
[1.7192822694778442]
[0.25638288259506226]
[0.0904424786567688]
[2.210113763809204]
[15.875299453735352]
[2.6433913707733154]
[2.5380780696868896]
[5.107326030731201]
[9.356708526611328]
[0.26236507296562195]
[0.05205892026424408]
[1.5254418849945068]
[2.3311264514923096]
[1.9750983715057373]
[2.8939669132232666]
[2.9713165760040283]
[0.1929052472114563]
[50.96651840209961]
[1.5678396224975586]
[0.816374659538269]
[3.1755130290985107]
[52.14854431152344]
[0.1377909779548645]
[0.21153151988983154]
[2.0105020999908447]
[1.2694119215011597]
[6.384955406188965]
[2.097210645675659]
[5.08885383605957]
[0.12983642518520355]
[3.5942471027374268]
[1.0190387964248657]
[4.036428928375244]
[0.9518013596534729]
[1.1846574544906616]
[1.5831087827682495]
[0.7185878157615662]
[3.665306329727173]
[8.355356216430664]
[2.5206689834594727]
[1.2218115329742432]
[1.4102689027786255]
[0.6783494353294373]
[0.7046711444854736]
[0.6355895400047302]
[2.169931173324585]
[0.8418535590171814]
[1.4951297044754028]
[7.779994964599609]
[0.8202111124992371]
[5.457927703857422]
[32.37652587890625]
[61.13225173950195]
[0.01525924727320671]
[0.5030618906021118]
[58.019020080566406]
[3.307173490524292]
[53.39207077026367]
[48.5386848449707]
[4.411284446716309]
[1.4535582065582275]
[2.8170220851898193]
[41.10320281982422]
[86.24447631835938]
[8.003116607666016]
[3.064652681350708]
[11.275887489318848]
[10.551793098449707]
[8.717045783996582]
[209.6200714111328]
[5.891939163208008]
[0.014113306999206543]
[5.806353569030762]
[64.26435852050781]
[7.892198085784912]
[0.3314495384693146]
[0.998384416103363]
[172.90455627441406]
[1.901250958442688]
[2.340444326400757]
[4.872447967529297]
[0.846109926700592]
[1.6463602781295776]
[0.11015547066926956]
[0.20458200573921204]
[1.5671061277389526]
[54.42613220214844]
[0.06822406500577927]
[2.1158530712127686]
[0.6129310131072998]
[1.2602851390838623]
[0.8295491933822632]
[0.9859499931335449]
[1.5542622804641724]
[0.1834806203842163]
[2.590430974960327]
[22.366575241088867]
[2.2184674739837646]
[0.942076563835144]
[1.031587839126587]
[2.6361005306243896]
[5.763032913208008]
[1.770247220993042]
[2.5394413471221924]
[79.44428253173828]
[6.369687557220459]
[0.22327707707881927]
[0.9765158295631409]
[0.012217329815030098]
[0.9671649932861328]
[1.764348030090332]
[0.6415584087371826]
[0.4906635284423828]
[0.7346129417419434]
[4.992603778839111]
[0.02829183079302311]
[2.4315013885498047]
[1.487287163734436]
[22.237611770629883]
[2.8453497886657715]
[1.1198214292526245]
[10.301361083984375]
[0.69651198387146]
[2.713648796081543]
[4.457085132598877]
[2.7031772136688232]
[51.57526779174805]
[52.917564392089844]
[6.269665718078613]
[1.5637739896774292]
[2.1123106479644775]
[0.46433353424072266]
[2.509286880493164]
[0.011492656543850899]
[0.1595582216978073]
[1.868890404701233]
[1.7938523292541504]
[1.0520484447479248]
[0.04532790184020996]
[3.629045009613037]
[0.31885164976119995]
[7.880197525024414]
[1.3251152038574219]
[13.661774635314941]
[2.2907557487487793]
[0.015249187126755714]
[5.566427230834961]
[1.4068771600723267]
[7.023127555847168]
[0.8523169755935669]
[0.3216453790664673]
[0.30727192759513855]
[1.5303078889846802]
[1.5681371688842773]
[1.0154716968536377]
[52.950653076171875]
[11.483107566833496]
[0.583533525466919]
[0.2724575698375702]
[5.39222526550293]
[1.6531689167022705]
[22.289417266845703]
[1.4426243305206299]
[88.7895736694336]
[4.024537086486816]
[3.036426305770874]
[50.82691955566406]
[0.6554213166236877]
[1.6650141477584839]
[24.729394912719727]
[2.6318140029907227]
[0.8830417394638062]
[2.783200979232788]
[0.517217218875885]
[47.64447784423828]
[3.4503607749938965]
[2.5808463096618652]
[0.9850897789001465]
[66.16661834716797]
[2.6424472332000732]
[1.5089080333709717]
[2.721529245376587]
[2.4148900508880615]
[0.23279120028018951]
[0.2042572796344757]
[0.5530190467834473]
[1.2841038703918457]
[5.905093193054199]
[0.19645021855831146]
[10.576891899108887]
[27.45330810546875]
[3.4472198486328125]
[2.287593126296997]
[4.20530366897583]
[0.6968448162078857]
[0.5464468598365784]
[2.680727958679199]
[1.8609296083450317]
[66.2025146484375]
[4.406347274780273]
[54.294639587402344]
[21.91437530517578]
[1.2653614282608032]
[0.06552630662918091]
[2.775240421295166]
[5.079236030578613]
[2.776169538497925]
[1.5168691873550415]
[32.72865295410156]
[2.698474407196045]
[0.2208617925643921]
[0.09457451105117798]
[6.8927154541015625]
[4.517528533935547]
[2.0494532585144043]
[88.26559448242188]
[0.00961710698902607]
[1.767605185508728]
[0.024253344163298607]
[2.810882806777954]
[5.825751781463623]
[4.095439434051514]
[3.6601641178131104]
[10.977455139160156]
[1.8159259557724]
[65.00086975097656]
[3.7439517974853516]
[5.827963352203369]
[1.9467413425445557]
[0.4421199560165405]
[2.682302236557007]
[1.359089970588684]
[1.1611062288284302]
[0.1839587390422821]
[0.3745940029621124]
[10.16135311126709]
[3.635305166244507]
[0.9054000377655029]
[1.2499032020568848]
[1.318375587463379]
[9.034760475158691]
[12.861207008361816]
[1.8563536405563354]
[0.012575005181133747]
[0.8955352902412415]
[1.2011301517486572]
[0.0730590969324112]
[131.57931518554688]
[0.6219325065612793]
[62.208030700683594]
[0.880141019821167]
[56.22907257080078]
[5.980129241943359]
[11.700987815856934]
[0.7173736691474915]
[2.4525609016418457]
[1.0420931577682495]
[0.11019369214773178]
[0.9636509418487549]
[0.001352381077595055]
[0.9258016347885132]
[18.963581085205078]
[4.512477874755859]
[3.9615466594696045]
[3.4763247966766357]
[0.3870044946670532]
[2.828798532485962]
[4.6792826652526855]
[0.7920374274253845]
[3.0371487140655518]
[2.602066993713379]
[0.9628682732582092]
[1.1036138534545898]
[2.390273094177246]
[232.71380615234375]
[70.48725891113281]
[0.5633254051208496]
[6.436028480529785]
[2.1253674030303955]
[4.2955474853515625]
[0.7905616760253906]
[49.12144470214844]
[9.541050910949707]
[1.0779155492782593]
[0.5870819687843323]
[0.5396605730056763]
[2.885984420776367]
[3.375107526779175]
[6.273355007171631]
[4.874418258666992]
[1.0473930835723877]
[0.09878598153591156]
[2.262592077255249]
[0.8812801241874695]
[3.2059316635131836]
[3.2554376125335693]
[0.11457564681768417]
[0.024602225050330162]
[16.159360885620117]
[0.026615016162395477]
[1.532020926475525]
[0.06438963115215302]
[0.04601161181926727]
[3.3763675689697266]
[4.173374176025391]
[3.2796425819396973]
[5.6629228591918945]
[3.516007661819458]
[0.023287473246455193]
[1.895421028137207]
[6.335515975952148]
[2.5253701210021973]
[0.02945728600025177]
[2.9951934814453125]
[0.21786317229270935]
[4.021589756011963]
[1.511887550354004]
[0.7239982485771179]
[1.086472988128662]
[3.936044931411743]
[3.272918462753296]
[1.58599054813385]
[67.4925765991211]
[0.7961751818656921]
[1.7476391792297363]
[0.6912447214126587]
[4.411159515380859]
[0.6792234182357788]
[1.0682531595230103]
[0.9428719878196716]
[107.32038879394531]
[4.2749552726745605]
[0.5132398009300232]
[1.624538540840149]
[1.6740431785583496]
[0.6341527700424194]
[1.275334358215332]
[1.1710388660430908]
[0.042037107050418854]
[0.1969858705997467]
[1.3131483793258667]
[2.1193132400512695]
[0.10016750544309616]
[0.7105326652526855]
[3.3595123291015625]
[1.4704618453979492]
[1.7202467918395996]
[4.924098968505859]
[0.9524070024490356]
[0.7803977131843567]
[0.6260201334953308]
[21.661222457885742]
[1.6084083318710327]
[8.42767333984375]
[0.4937725365161896]
[0.03412617743015289]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.020972363650798798]
[0.35624802112579346]
[1.8435804843902588]
[0.7458150386810303]
[0.8745158314704895]
[0.38817790150642395]
[0.8291249871253967]
[0.07901135832071304]
[0.6328463554382324]
[0.5612998604774475]
[1.6760188341140747]
[66.43578338623047]
[1.0034245252609253]
[0.01100518461316824]
[0.6660259962081909]
[0.8921985626220703]
[8.714761734008789]
[85.63654327392578]
[32.04826736450195]
[2.854923725128174]
[25.85614013671875]
[3.2053678035736084]
[0.01947764866054058]
[0.33990296721458435]
[6.327387809753418]
[1.927157998085022]
[90.2573471069336]
[5.64573860168457]
[56.20145034790039]
[1.6690990924835205]
[4.413003921508789]
[4.011193752288818]
[2.982041358947754]
[5.35720157623291]
[44.45915222167969]
[56.447242736816406]
[0.3394952416419983]
[32.307228088378906]
[19.97509765625]
[0.06279072165489197]
[7.267113208770752]
[4.428870677947998]
[84.59901428222656]
[2.7686767578125]
[14.397835731506348]
[1.9351587295532227]
[0.4665394723415375]
[4.010356903076172]
[0.38370972871780396]
[4.41598653793335]
[0.03692122548818588]
[3.511971950531006]
[2.379934072494507]
[56.517372131347656]
[3.369442939758301]
[232.34228515625]
[87.73863983154297]
[38.8968391418457]
[4.8156328201293945]
[2.668060064315796]
[0.6088942885398865]
[1.3220974206924438]
[0.869190514087677]
[1.9168146848678589]
[0.6380894780158997]
[3.9726479053497314]
[4.123300075531006]
[0.22891880571842194]
[1.5239406824111938]
[1.4770910739898682]
[54.7942008972168]
[0.8187086582183838]
[4.579178810119629]
[3.7780508995056152]
[28.066240310668945]
[6.122427940368652]
[2.5520150661468506]
[165.9127960205078]
[1.4007564783096313]
[59.190433502197266]
[0.06682945787906647]
[3.4740207195281982]
[1.6258028745651245]
[0.507062554359436]
[5.774577617645264]
[4.365548610687256]
[1.8467386960983276]
[0.22453513741493225]
[3.609931230545044]
[1.7573286294937134]
[2.955057382583618]
[6.3444719314575195]
[3.7430145740509033]
[118.46736145019531]
[1.7574245929718018]
[0.9710412621498108]
[2.681849956512451]
[3.5677263736724854]
[1.9172650575637817]
[4.273010730743408]
[60.42365264892578]
[2.1594576835632324]
[3.955153703689575]
[4.696944236755371]
[4.85545539855957]
[24.83637046813965]
[170.24537658691406]
[5.4685163497924805]
[3.137640953063965]
[4.404828071594238]
[2.9718503952026367]
[1.2939451932907104]
[0.7018422484397888]
[0.13546952605247498]
[1.0479274988174438]
[4.213220119476318]
[2.346863031387329]
[1.2667622566223145]
[0.9606649279594421]
[0.024890296161174774]
[1.0838779211044312]
[0.9009385704994202]
[2.107241630554199]
[0.016592595726251602]
[2.3062186241149902]
[3.291867733001709]
[2.2877368927001953]
[2.309260606765747]
[0.1831270456314087]
[6.052148818969727]
[0.3980565667152405]
[0.1265188455581665]
[2.338247299194336]
[60.20485305786133]
[0.6492872834205627]
[0.017896296456456184]
[2.9370839595794678]
[7.195218086242676]
[0.1705397218465805]
[1.588575005531311]
[4.154889106750488]
[1.9369065761566162]
[77.58071899414062]
[2.526453733444214]
[0.5249483585357666]
[0.30217424035072327]
[1.7690397500991821]
[2.0991907119750977]
[2.1080660820007324]
[2.9059462547302246]
[3.586235761642456]
[1.5381691455841064]
[1.8615318536758423]
[7.071079254150391]
[97.41776275634766]
[8.891956329345703]
[2.630145311355591]
[1.5980806350708008]
[0.14403276145458221]
[1.7408148050308228]
[0.49489498138427734]
[4.475778102874756]
[84.74874114990234]
[0.5548028945922852]
[1.1278833150863647]
[0.3216671049594879]
[0.951213002204895]
[0.1396535336971283]
[50.716217041015625]
[2.445587396621704]
[1.6742671728134155]
[4.541401386260986]
[20.737356185913086]
[0.018337519839406013]
[1.8483994007110596]
[3.407055139541626]
[0.5824635624885559]
[10.57958698272705]
[1.8689041137695312]
[1.8673968315124512]
[1.665183663368225]
[5.929266452789307]
[1.9470497369766235]
[27.605470657348633]
[4.000221252441406]
[0.5051100254058838]
[0.33309510350227356]
[0.05042647942900658]
[31.616559982299805]
[3.4062187671661377]
[54.714664459228516]
[0.5937212109565735]
[0.9207054972648621]
[5.740045070648193]
[13.268065452575684]
[6.53297233581543]
[0.6091424822807312]
[75.07962036132812]
[0.3211742341518402]
[2.391676187515259]
[1.766349196434021]
[0.612326979637146]
[129.582275390625]
[0.4943158030509949]
[0.5961026549339294]
[0.5079964995384216]
[1.3491652011871338]
[67.65763092041016]
[58.788631439208984]
[0.9386414885520935]
[21.727272033691406]
[2.0545570850372314]
[2.3668782711029053]
[0.2795035243034363]
[1.7685350179672241]
[0.5033721327781677]
[3.1295251846313477]
[3.22537899017334]
[0.2683103680610657]
[0.46379324793815613]
[0.945871114730835]
[3.9944064617156982]
[0.4950491786003113]
[4.552678108215332]
[61.3517951965332]
[2.0740232467651367]
[2.8206799030303955]
[1.6252882480621338]
[0.6384454369544983]
[0.6505347490310669]
[5.4268293380737305]
[0.29011207818984985]
[0.22193647921085358]
[0.12266363203525543]
[16.719680786132812]
[1.9130460023880005]
[3.77142333984375]
[1.1747812032699585]
[0.23756177723407745]
[0.6302903890609741]
[0.9631825089454651]
[0.6276382803916931]
[50.39567565917969]
[60.2030029296875]
[0.6682632565498352]
[1.2109451293945312]
[1.0388538837432861]
[0.20481516420841217]
[2.434326410293579]
[0.43980690836906433]
[23.338136672973633]
[0.4479496479034424]
[2.0748724937438965]
[9.417572975158691]
[1.4069637060165405]
[3.5660102367401123]
[0.15763022005558014]
[0.39781907200813293]
[0.5955114364624023]
[1.5838325023651123]
[2.34769344329834]
[0.4655335247516632]
[0.09488449990749359]
[2.450779914855957]
[214.5977325439453]
[51.89768600463867]
[3.2789852619171143]
[0.12379132956266403]
[0.7184286713600159]
[21.343236923217773]
[2.50711727142334]
[1.2648494243621826]
[90.1345443725586]
[2.611570358276367]
[2.8519647121429443]
[1.4249234199523926]
[0.013781363144516945]
[2.168234348297119]
[7.685977935791016]
[52.57045364379883]
[36.92533874511719]
[3.475126028060913]
[7.148066997528076]
[1.0114102363586426]
[1.2651495933532715]
[1.4453080892562866]
[0.5229287147521973]
[1.5609875917434692]
[1.7399166822433472]
[3.3704171180725098]
[56.92288589477539]
[0.7431967854499817]
[1.572677493095398]
[4.208520889282227]
[1.91643488407135]
[4.131093978881836]
[8.896419525146484]
[92.4237289428711]
[2.88981294631958]
[0.010057663545012474]
[2.8499341011047363]
[0.6259381175041199]
[0.4455452263355255]
[82.28570556640625]
[2.5416393280029297]
[1.4531326293945312]
[1.6931933164596558]
[60.826595306396484]
[2.1431846618652344]
[0.0019329412607476115]
[0.21600289642810822]
[0.02538997493684292]
[3.8722643852233887]
[0.4017174541950226]
[3.144280433654785]
[3.20290470123291]
[0.5968430638313293]
[3.8647050857543945]
[30.201160430908203]
[4.581121444702148]
[1.3577122688293457]
[0.5633729696273804]
[2.0345041751861572]
[0.5315667986869812]
[0.9650819301605225]
[2.1855275630950928]
[0.5626257658004761]
[4.0586748123168945]
[0.7958360314369202]
[2.9394850730895996]
[0.013261925429105759]
[0.6361256241798401]
[54.31366729736328]
[6.867557525634766]
[1.2175939083099365]
[0.015176916494965553]
[1.3044718503952026]
[4.3975749015808105]
[101.45864868164062]
[0.18731506168842316]
[0.26100000739097595]
[1.1424012184143066]
[2.8753745555877686]
[2.262997627258301]
[2.6187965869903564]
[1.2413532733917236]
[0.002089416142553091]
[0.9512037634849548]
[2.4536659717559814]
[90.07460021972656]
[4.98509407043457]
[13.865289688110352]
[11.10840129852295]
[1.5568963289260864]
[82.02667236328125]
[0.9893583655357361]
[0.013478139415383339]
[95.09626007080078]
[0.023066094145178795]
[1.5267471075057983]
[4.532289028167725]
[0.6958157420158386]
[0.8138490319252014]
[1.8077682256698608]
[68.45758056640625]
[4.41224479675293]
[1.1137279272079468]
[1.2197986841201782]
[1.6056561470031738]
[0.019474860280752182]
[0.5006407499313354]
[0.9008768200874329]
[1.1001999378204346]
[0.039020318537950516]
[2.7518136501312256]
[52.867496490478516]
[1.2941253185272217]
[16.340871810913086]
[3.845759868621826]
[0.8011137247085571]
[3.9771206378936768]
[2.021941900253296]
[0.9309430122375488]
[3.684682607650757]
[0.023403408005833626]
[65.8651123046875]
[0.05095422640442848]
[2.141840934753418]
[0.4850292205810547]
[5.6120405197143555]
[2.2974328994750977]
[29.69933319091797]
[18.88762664794922]
[2.5098161697387695]
[0.6769446730613708]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.203380823135376]
[0.006916148588061333]
[1.0728306770324707]
[1.8844119310379028]
[2.654637098312378]
[0.14843641221523285]
[1.155590534210205]
[0.8456254601478577]
[60.39071273803711]
[2.794973134994507]
[0.9744552373886108]
[1.211933970451355]
[0.42365726828575134]
[0.19841545820236206]
[9.144122123718262]
[0.013644429855048656]
[33.792362213134766]
[56.61021423339844]
[9.9756498336792]
[2.38615345954895]
[1.3248270750045776]
[0.42107608914375305]
[0.3188989460468292]
[6.844443321228027]
[0.8088581562042236]
[2.85172700881958]
[6.053460597991943]
[1.0138773918151855]
[1.7086416482925415]
[2.3347644805908203]
[8.920279502868652]
[1.5503848791122437]
[0.04309269040822983]
[56.97084045410156]
[6.901050567626953]
[0.3080753982067108]
[1.8153622150421143]
[0.8880829811096191]
[0.24110271036624908]
[0.12161534279584885]
[0.12152791768312454]
[3.1381359100341797]
[7.343426704406738]
[0.4122435450553894]
[6.002269268035889]
[0.41136303544044495]
[0.7208133935928345]
[0.016601448878645897]
[0.25485607981681824]
[1.485113263130188]
[0.5823277831077576]
[0.16685551404953003]
[1.813358187675476]
[1.0301791429519653]
[2.29343318939209]
[12.895644187927246]
[4.229183197021484]
[2.218485116958618]
[0.48417365550994873]
[2.039106845855713]
[0.009304177947342396]
[0.6798705458641052]
[0.9665257930755615]
[55.68397903442383]
[0.05656832084059715]
[0.9019690155982971]
[1.7276188135147095]
[0.7382526993751526]
[0.987678050994873]
[1.133847951889038]
[1.2090808153152466]
[0.06011129915714264]
[0.024000179022550583]
[0.4572920501232147]
[0.28664496541023254]
[0.1227727010846138]
[1.2929632663726807]
[0.543646514415741]
[0.3045252561569214]
[0.26323655247688293]
[1.1307401657104492]
[0.0593690499663353]
[1.867719292640686]
[1.037999153137207]
[10.602974891662598]
[3.7306652069091797]
[109.65740203857422]
[0.313127338886261]
[0.41668933629989624]
[46.370487213134766]
[2.2036092281341553]
[2.790719985961914]
[1.7082120180130005]
[0.42431867122650146]
[4.840634346008301]
[6.031705379486084]
[0.9773567318916321]
[2.560102939605713]
[0.6489154696464539]
[5.98973274230957]
[7.070184707641602]
[1.4689414501190186]
[2.2049920558929443]
[3.786137580871582]
[0.3690822720527649]
[0.5473189353942871]
[1.7341543436050415]
[0.00826781615614891]
[0.4756295084953308]
[0.4208631217479706]
[0.40435436367988586]
[90.97543334960938]
[77.75391387939453]
[1.143939733505249]
[0.01796673983335495]
[1.8397952318191528]
[1.6044942140579224]
[1.749497413635254]
[0.9250605702400208]
[78.67326354980469]
[3.296278715133667]
[93.84207153320312]
[3.6413750648498535]
[24.511445999145508]
[27.713603973388672]
[2.673297643661499]
[0.6373068690299988]
[2.4281411170959473]
[1.9759185314178467]
[7.290627479553223]
[8.824376106262207]
[0.24080678820610046]
[0.18839631974697113]
[39.619991302490234]
[2.945627212524414]
[2.1551637649536133]
[22.629770278930664]
[2.9758079051971436]
[0.5287442207336426]
[0.11628119647502899]
[2.1060588359832764]
[3.326148748397827]
[0.0024956543929874897]
[0.1188100278377533]
[51.541847229003906]
[0.18645510077476501]
[2.0285513401031494]
[0.06519624590873718]
[0.21373212337493896]
[7.4683074951171875]
[0.6970747113227844]
[5.461648941040039]
[0.34290120005607605]
[1.6907517910003662]
[77.45177459716797]
[0.1635972410440445]
[0.4906556308269501]
[10.538457870483398]
[10.126784324645996]
[0.16427463293075562]
[79.31686401367188]
[9.198124885559082]
[60.702632904052734]
[0.8784754872322083]
[1.9004096984863281]
[0.6043542623519897]
[2.261349678039551]
[0.5234981775283813]
[0.010138263925909996]
[1.9368988275527954]
[0.04238734394311905]
[0.19318947196006775]
[3.642585039138794]
[2.0690665245056152]
[1.3145179748535156]
[0.16373513638973236]
[6.420283317565918]
[0.6927823424339294]
[4.101855278015137]
[0.5608468055725098]
[0.4124440848827362]
[5.922764301300049]
[64.96631622314453]
[0.01681305654346943]
[1.6071193218231201]
[0.9426465630531311]
[0.9373193383216858]
[32.778282165527344]
[2.6228387355804443]
[11.752511978149414]
[2.8718183040618896]
[178.86550903320312]
[0.11984817683696747]
[55.71564483642578]
[6.431445121765137]
[72.43899536132812]
[0.3731205463409424]
[9.457634925842285]
[73.68460083007812]
[8.174407005310059]
[0.5027469396591187]
[53.767826080322266]
[4.0305256843566895]
[15.99664306640625]
[0.4427035450935364]
[3.69099760055542]
[3.1554787158966064]
[0.15861238539218903]
[0.02252715267241001]
[0.01233594212681055]
[3.587508201599121]
[1.4056801795959473]
[0.6448227763175964]
[1.5491821765899658]
[69.88601684570312]
[0.007880368269979954]
[1.3874598741531372]
[0.5772722363471985]
[2.909778356552124]
[7.545577526092529]
[0.35298287868499756]
[54.40974044799805]
[0.24090458452701569]
[4.807403087615967]
[0.025266818702220917]
[0.07005172967910767]
[20.644603729248047]
[2.8707497119903564]
[2.064970016479492]
[0.006667324807494879]
[0.39827799797058105]
[1.0860904455184937]
[3.767582893371582]
[0.41943415999412537]
[82.91619110107422]
[1.5773909091949463]
[5.365742206573486]
[4.722785472869873]
[1.4485487937927246]
[0.05491890013217926]
[3.452930212020874]
[5.585733413696289]
[90.78186798095703]
[1.5170469284057617]
[66.79556274414062]
[1.906134009361267]
[0.6470555663108826]
[84.14141845703125]
[0.17865543067455292]
[1.6245862245559692]
[0.5857579708099365]
[3.0410635471343994]
[0.7790537476539612]
[2.089611291885376]
[0.5334594249725342]
[0.04327559843659401]
[7.335981369018555]
[10.227086067199707]
[3.7780137062072754]
[1.618799090385437]
[1.5824601650238037]
[2.028167724609375]
[4.360734462738037]
[0.28189679980278015]
[2.4691622257232666]
[54.7452507019043]
[1.5711997747421265]
[3.3774614334106445]
[3.9648427963256836]
[10.877038955688477]
[0.014889368787407875]
[61.527469635009766]
[16.391403198242188]
[6.738468647003174]
[3.0444631576538086]
[1.1554508209228516]
[1.8328356742858887]
[0.5814757943153381]
[0.013945013284683228]
[4.586394786834717]
[3.7928879261016846]
[3.124974012374878]
[1.3830556869506836]
[2.988844871520996]
[0.0122227156534791]
[1.0258804559707642]
[0.5480689406394958]
[22.196422576904297]
[0.19087037444114685]
[0.8391638994216919]
[117.1275863647461]
[0.6773430109024048]
[3.5042829513549805]
[0.3723126947879791]
[1.707481026649475]
[1.5731747150421143]
[109.06626892089844]
[10.637667655944824]
[0.9130608439445496]
[3.7606678009033203]
[2.7990362644195557]
[0.41596171259880066]
[1.673099160194397]
[5.153524398803711]
[1.3843278884887695]
[96.87848663330078]
[16.337085723876953]
[1.0368965864181519]
[0.9130502343177795]
[9.22262191772461]
[0.3506562113761902]
[5.531215667724609]
[0.9853253960609436]
[2.0277576446533203]
[0.7692283391952515]
[59.50271987915039]
[1.4041577577590942]
[0.4775300621986389]
[111.746337890625]
[0.2676337659358978]
[0.3019447326660156]
[0.4590252935886383]
[4.639148712158203]
[0.01361541636288166]
[0.7208294868469238]
[1.4058996438980103]
[4.777105331420898]
[0.6667840480804443]
[1.7169269323349]
[0.1418122500181198]
[0.5260324478149414]
[1.3894402980804443]
[4.958359241485596]
[26.397520065307617]
[63.01084518432617]
[2.344245433807373]
[0.006507201120257378]
[1.8868657350540161]
[0.02769787237048149]
[77.47268676757812]
[0.7273765802383423]
[1.669137716293335]
[0.8583815097808838]
[14.687115669250488]
[0.6966347694396973]
[0.276445209980011]
[2.7594616413116455]
[3.5840461254119873]
[1.7122323513031006]
[0.9574406147003174]
[1.913606882095337]
[224.73892211914062]
[1.664953589439392]
[1.2138619422912598]
[1.269153118133545]
[1.8764846324920654]
[63.379486083984375]
[2.824759006500244]
[8.147208213806152]
[2.8661022186279297]
[58.76295471191406]
[0.8456366658210754]
[6.520712375640869]
[0.41283535957336426]
[1.7204394340515137]
[1.4153958559036255]
[136.0407257080078]
[4.727275848388672]
[1.3888843059539795]
[83.60591888427734]
[4.441367149353027]
[4.322884559631348]
[3.636012554168701]
[94.13846588134766]
[0.7103722095489502]
[8.158076286315918]
[58.11663055419922]
[53.533023834228516]
[0.6504960060119629]
[0.41587308049201965]
[79.05716705322266]
[14.207650184631348]
[67.04187774658203]
[46.95260238647461]
[54.99738693237305]
[140.30789184570312]
[0.590197741985321]
[5.386962890625]
[3.33095645904541]
[60.989707946777344]
[3.670681953430176]
[44.182193756103516]
[2.3247334957122803]
[2.5634799003601074]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[6.664384841918945]
[0.511328399181366]
[26.140892028808594]
[4.46615743637085]
[1.698006272315979]
[6.879515171051025]
[3.835719585418701]
[0.1768411248922348]
[6.5049943923950195]
[0.5701599717140198]
[32.081233978271484]
[0.021430714055895805]
[0.9551758766174316]
[0.06391599774360657]
[3.3334906101226807]
[0.37191322445869446]
[28.238393783569336]
[11.385651588439941]
[0.0020597451366484165]
[2.2030465602874756]
[1.3019429445266724]
[5.195368766784668]
[46.00334548950195]
[2.0104587078094482]
[6.381147384643555]
[3.2735815048217773]
[11.42959213256836]
[1.6530051231384277]
[1.5939178466796875]
[0.5106434226036072]
[0.9085913896560669]
[16.81458282470703]
[1.2817977666854858]
[9.249079704284668]
[5.039463043212891]
[5.920486927032471]
[0.43685775995254517]
[2.90411376953125]
[0.4670005440711975]
[0.691946268081665]
[61.609230041503906]
[0.039956234395504]
[0.42218074202537537]
[201.35601806640625]
[0.5614809393882751]
[0.6879948377609253]
[1.7752258777618408]
[2.096756935119629]
[0.41190963983535767]
[7.749206066131592]
[0.2554771900177002]
[4.202815532684326]
[192.74000549316406]
[3.8212952613830566]
[5.660234451293945]
[0.516398012638092]
[0.5505242347717285]
[6.5226850509643555]
[61.943294525146484]
[0.032916534692049026]
[2.861243486404419]
[1.9702987670898438]
[5.914594650268555]
[8.247971534729004]
[5.282463550567627]
[0.06503883004188538]
[2.2171666622161865]
[1.1379908323287964]
[5.309770584106445]
[2.7694594860076904]
[3.072269916534424]
[4.305334568023682]
[2.686843156814575]
[2.099851608276367]
[2.974217176437378]
[2.3287506103515625]
[2.461423397064209]
[1.6612625122070312]
[2.4304234981536865]
[0.3492371737957001]
[8.544684410095215]
[0.19104638695716858]
[0.5783803462982178]
[1.0708900690078735]
[3.1966888904571533]
[1.7156323194503784]
[1.2691296339035034]
[0.4888984262943268]
[0.9977229237556458]
[0.8912528157234192]
[0.7684124708175659]
[2.1386873722076416]
[0.318635493516922]
[2.266927480697632]
[7.40805721282959]
[70.56868743896484]
[0.09139366447925568]
[0.008547001518309116]
[3.155564069747925]
[0.45083367824554443]
[1.5575828552246094]
[60.02375030517578]
[0.6301360726356506]
[58.60859680175781]
[1.230401873588562]
[0.24700722098350525]
[1.0624253749847412]
[0.6083950400352478]
[121.81076049804688]
[0.6644437313079834]
[60.293609619140625]
[1.085526943206787]
[16.268787384033203]
[11.4506254196167]
[7.3978071212768555]
[57.08473587036133]
[80.89057922363281]
[0.3763643205165863]
[4.832782745361328]
[2.4232254028320312]
[21.25905990600586]
[0.5818427205085754]
[0.7178136706352234]
[3.1734800338745117]
[77.77189636230469]
[0.3489220142364502]
[5.780637741088867]
[0.45772072672843933]
[1.3028287887573242]
[1.4761015176773071]
[0.6045549511909485]
[0.04682154953479767]
[22.99808120727539]
[1.401436448097229]
[0.39251652359962463]
[56.10844802856445]
[0.7420872449874878]
[2.9676036834716797]
[4.169506549835205]
[2.3842954635620117]
[8.812398910522461]
[4.131889820098877]
[2.5249085426330566]
[1.5386154651641846]
[2.9601516723632812]
[1.0267553329467773]
[0.9792426228523254]
[1.0326108932495117]
[3.4801032543182373]
[2.557511568069458]
[0.0966758131980896]
[56.00326156616211]
[0.247853621840477]
[0.7187729477882385]
[0.006283452734351158]
[3.7448172569274902]
[1.3461767435073853]
[1.974819540977478]
[0.03557734936475754]
[2.175661563873291]
[0.6717190742492676]
[2.2940971851348877]
[0.8661046028137207]
[0.0031277677044272423]
[66.49359130859375]
[1.4219828844070435]
[0.6091630458831787]
[0.19757725298404694]
[11.24610710144043]
[3.661963701248169]
[0.9826157093048096]
[0.2918638288974762]
[0.7881327867507935]
[57.4049186706543]
[1.2079582214355469]
[0.8672280311584473]
[0.4124760329723358]
[6.365971565246582]
[1.2267647981643677]
[1.9648652076721191]
[0.7373722195625305]
[1.0460444688796997]
[1.0697935819625854]
[17.909425735473633]
[1.9219274520874023]
[1.722787618637085]
[1.7158700227737427]
[0.012848002836108208]
[0.8411940932273865]
[0.8716112375259399]
[0.3037247657775879]
[18.780628204345703]
[0.2542477250099182]
[0.7000513672828674]
[9.26643180847168]
[0.7331938147544861]
[65.94082641601562]
[0.025070466101169586]
[13.405006408691406]
[1.445076584815979]
[0.771592915058136]
[71.6933364868164]
[2.128025531768799]
[0.8945775628089905]
[0.8843013048171997]
[6.9395599365234375]
[0.017871897667646408]
[1.4558910131454468]
[2.3351845741271973]
[1.094161868095398]
[0.4908754229545593]
[0.7842511534690857]
[2.023745536804199]
[3.436877965927124]
[0.386799693107605]
[3.4691293239593506]
[1.3688926696777344]
[55.27605438232422]
[3.2329702377319336]
[0.7295379042625427]
[0.7425295114517212]
[1.6211432218551636]
[4.583453178405762]
[2.6584393978118896]
[2.8686153888702393]
[69.2622299194336]
[0.7023149728775024]
[1.329345703125]
[0.27506837248802185]
[1.3531609773635864]
[1.1832737922668457]
[1.2049318552017212]
[0.9582980275154114]
[0.9741548299789429]
[2.2463347911834717]
[0.18412134051322937]
[2.9153597354888916]
[143.7094268798828]
[0.6754616498947144]
[2.2051615715026855]
[48.677066802978516]
[0.12755557894706726]
[0.9541228413581848]
[0.26304182410240173]
[2.8805341720581055]
[0.8165020942687988]
[33.855438232421875]
[60.447757720947266]
[1.0500658750534058]
[1.384973168373108]
[0.5001684427261353]
[0.4399017095565796]
[12.648158073425293]
[0.7817060351371765]
[1.2063394784927368]
[6.8327250480651855]
[1.7235027551651]
[2.30641770362854]
[132.22035217285156]
[0.9701200127601624]
[0.8090855479240417]
[1.323187232017517]
[0.2641748785972595]
[3.191037654876709]
[1.3599375486373901]
[5.6066436767578125]
[1.7277718782424927]
[61.99671936035156]
[55.1956901550293]
[45.931034088134766]
[1.927785038948059]
[4.539633274078369]
[1.0580252408981323]
[3.6067099571228027]
[76.87946319580078]
[1.6298904418945312]
[21.989118576049805]
[0.010061846114695072]
[0.13325947523117065]
[2.321244478225708]
[1.2348264455795288]
[0.006472512613981962]
[0.04465498775243759]
[0.6587574481964111]
[1.3196415901184082]
[0.8519617319107056]
[9.194666862487793]
[58.00389099121094]
[1.0962014198303223]
[1.0278162956237793]
[42.68315505981445]
[0.8456822037696838]
[1.1526941061019897]
[4.000072479248047]
[57.390647888183594]
[0.5976939797401428]
[69.65200805664062]
[1.074103593826294]
[1.859812617301941]
[1.8205631971359253]
[2.3466947078704834]
[5.717645645141602]
[0.36206167936325073]
[2.908140182495117]
[4.103803634643555]
[1.9163298606872559]
[2.2163758277893066]
[1.0313427448272705]
[1.390639305114746]
[2.23122239112854]
[0.788667619228363]
[0.9388934373855591]
[2.2779626846313477]
[1.473887324333191]
[1.3899273872375488]
[1.6710107326507568]
[0.41980618238449097]
[0.9330505132675171]
[0.6363613605499268]
[0.009741692803800106]
[1.0287158489227295]
[0.6957564353942871]
[0.9311999678611755]
[1.2271522283554077]
[1.480086326599121]
[0.676848292350769]
[0.3331693708896637]
[5.3418049812316895]
[4.276219367980957]
[0.2280699610710144]
[0.012779852375388145]
[1.3348580598831177]
[0.3985680639743805]
[0.5869104266166687]
[1.337661862373352]
[2.131737470626831]
[0.4206901788711548]
[1.3374991416931152]
[1.4629828929901123]
[66.48481750488281]
[1.1461750268936157]
[1.1821571588516235]
[109.96697235107422]
[0.20175601541996002]
[27.936996459960938]
[0.4700336158275604]
[0.42631450295448303]
[0.06403850764036179]
[3.699769973754883]
[0.4837779998779297]
[0.029158759862184525]
[2.268911600112915]
[0.9782190918922424]
[1.329825758934021]
[0.012250465340912342]
[3.6455461978912354]
[0.9944664835929871]
[5.275444507598877]
[0.4050580561161041]
[1.2120977640151978]
[3.9422292709350586]
[0.876933753490448]
[1.4169700145721436]
[10.353158950805664]
[2.615546226501465]
[0.05139582231640816]
[0.6083144545555115]
[0.028471842408180237]
[0.5692773461341858]
[0.017171883955597878]
[0.36931636929512024]
[66.1537094116211]
[1.6561795473098755]
[0.42148715257644653]
[127.92095947265625]
[2.7257306575775146]
[0.013133116997778416]
[11.425882339477539]
[73.57949829101562]
[4.194032192230225]
[1.719210147857666]
[67.2793960571289]
[12.123936653137207]
[1.1021394729614258]
[6.949111461639404]
[1.5031538009643555]
[2.271657943725586]
[7.166895866394043]
[3.3403403759002686]
[0.2683217525482178]
[0.8169626593589783]
[0.5278298258781433]
[1.0840988159179688]
[1.2962241172790527]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.4325673282146454]
[2.490144729614258]
[1.3581520318984985]
[0.6220552325248718]
[2.4315009117126465]
[119.30206298828125]
[1.33408522605896]
[0.5818042159080505]
[0.7204735279083252]
[2.853688955307007]
[74.99433898925781]
[2.5508406162261963]
[75.01351928710938]
[1.316831111907959]
[1.243627905845642]
[0.0377652533352375]
[0.25664055347442627]
[5.027985095977783]
[0.14061672985553741]
[3.455867290496826]
[3.0228219032287598]
[92.9111557006836]
[2.6089322566986084]
[1.2775906324386597]
[1.2078737020492554]
[0.5679095983505249]
[1.0923858880996704]
[3.4316964149475098]
[23.11377716064453]
[1.8376634120941162]
[1.5141525268554688]
[17.289051055908203]
[1.3749001026153564]
[1.2985241413116455]
[5.66780948638916]
[82.99187469482422]
[0.00855629425495863]
[0.20697984099388123]
[2.562671422958374]
[0.6459803581237793]
[31.62310791015625]
[107.5821762084961]
[0.1786680370569229]
[174.50140380859375]
[96.26518249511719]
[4.285863876342773]
[1.534842848777771]
[2.36979079246521]
[55.01785659790039]
[2.9143996238708496]
[0.18399390578269958]
[10.602065086364746]
[2.7907521724700928]
[3.1607935428619385]
[5.055909633636475]
[0.1794409304857254]
[0.4646448791027069]
[41.40070724487305]
[5.851597309112549]
[0.05688488483428955]
[2.4862513542175293]
[0.3855675160884857]
[0.33990463614463806]
[4.091714859008789]
[4.558897972106934]
[0.3463574945926666]
[2.471440553665161]
[61.82624816894531]
[3.1078269481658936]
[2.449709892272949]
[1.0027457475662231]
[8.34907054901123]
[1.2897045612335205]
[16.888463973999023]
[88.87948608398438]
[6.107151508331299]
[0.6041676998138428]
[1.9434001445770264]
[0.25779110193252563]
[1.2438037395477295]
[1.4700299501419067]
[0.9101806879043579]
[1.0782060623168945]
[1.200297236442566]
[13.128403663635254]
[60.27463912963867]
[1.3937733173370361]
[1.157256007194519]
[1.630739688873291]
[5.939581394195557]
[0.5468234419822693]
[0.2780083119869232]
[10.033522605895996]
[0.6881372928619385]
[1.7144817113876343]
[2.566532611846924]
[2.6575140953063965]
[0.3551289439201355]
[0.004421985242515802]
[90.26469421386719]
[1.8140127658843994]
[0.14330370724201202]
[0.4241049885749817]
[3.573922634124756]
[0.7032797336578369]
[30.50714111328125]
[0.6036911606788635]
[1.2098368406295776]
[0.6430460214614868]
[55.794803619384766]
[3.7890186309814453]
[0.4396064281463623]
[56.02678680419922]
[0.3247741758823395]
[1.4815394878387451]
[4.848237991333008]
[1.302301287651062]
[8.278592109680176]
[0.8229881525039673]
[0.7832424640655518]
[0.31378763914108276]
[1.3475868701934814]
[0.018797628581523895]
[1.3520007133483887]
[6.021643161773682]
[1.089514970779419]
[0.9470670819282532]
[1.8438618183135986]
[3.458195447921753]
[2.1235716342926025]
[5.8892717361450195]
[1.351641058921814]
[4.704029083251953]
[10.188843727111816]
[1.4382649660110474]
[1.4292892217636108]
[28.935625076293945]
[2.200545310974121]
[73.3249740600586]
[2.012505292892456]
[0.451383501291275]
[3.527007818222046]
[0.19904035329818726]
[1.6292119026184082]
[0.6894478797912598]
[1.5271949768066406]
[0.01128439698368311]
[0.5449692010879517]
[0.507560670375824]
[58.100521087646484]
[0.4935624301433563]
[76.70501708984375]
[0.37926769256591797]
[1.6403671503067017]
[0.6625992059707642]
[1.0498747825622559]
[4.462785720825195]
[0.6806241869926453]
[1.2958900928497314]
[1.3792674541473389]
[1.3032699823379517]
[10.109999656677246]
[1.8110672235488892]
[1.4546966552734375]
[2.2949838638305664]
[2.211911678314209]
[0.1378953754901886]
[1.2115155458450317]
[50.22261047363281]
[56.57358932495117]
[60.28278732299805]
[9.08117389678955]
[2.9468834400177]
[3.2963995933532715]
[3.3621346950531006]
[1.2923985719680786]
[0.2532166540622711]
[1.152704119682312]
[55.23002624511719]
[0.38830825686454773]
[8.01938247680664]
[167.6361083984375]
[1.5091358423233032]
[6.301101207733154]
[0.28562602400779724]
[4.169680118560791]
[4.274644374847412]
[4.479668140411377]
[3.1741957664489746]
[0.34051278233528137]
[0.6067416667938232]
[3.082693099975586]
[0.9345566630363464]
[83.94732666015625]
[6.417170524597168]
[5.87332010269165]
[0.4306422770023346]
[3.152254581451416]
[1.598799705505371]
[0.6504502892494202]
[0.6487878561019897]
[0.38262832164764404]
[1.2816935777664185]
[0.45529183745384216]
[0.7014706134796143]
[1.2188427448272705]
[10.554582595825195]
[0.688466489315033]
[0.5579000115394592]
[3.188544511795044]
[0.6023489236831665]
[2.3944923877716064]
[4.168484687805176]
[1.233210563659668]
[2.590620756149292]
[0.4939975440502167]
[0.45427578687667847]
[0.4462062418460846]
[0.6305234432220459]
[81.1806869506836]
[1.8764058351516724]
[0.14546933770179749]
[3.0239651203155518]
[2.1508896350860596]
[0.08412564545869827]
[1.3961299657821655]
[19.735620498657227]
[0.3989366888999939]
[2.815915107727051]
[1.0283292531967163]
[0.5431125164031982]
[1.245356559753418]
[0.8219772577285767]
[1.020628809928894]
[0.007200011517852545]
[89.11174774169922]
[0.6556060314178467]
[0.01698385179042816]
[5.3310465812683105]
[2.1633853912353516]
[1.7934014797210693]
[1.8276124000549316]
[2.8675124645233154]
[0.1664041131734848]
[2.047907829284668]
[5.000381946563721]
[12.844500541687012]
[2.8567354679107666]
[0.735718309879303]
[3.104032039642334]
[8.950859069824219]
[2.441279649734497]
[1.1118292808532715]
[58.261512756347656]
[2.877652883529663]
[61.216304779052734]
[0.21668092906475067]
[54.889320373535156]
[3.6462557315826416]
[1.457213282585144]
[96.32194519042969]
[0.007897969335317612]
[0.7535551190376282]
[4.11848258972168]
[0.3407672941684723]
[4.428085803985596]
[3.356117010116577]
[0.708534836769104]
[70.96221923828125]
[43.605438232421875]
[1.5402348041534424]
[6.067781448364258]
[5.075923442840576]
[6.107724189758301]
[1.553620457649231]
[2.728375196456909]
[0.39672985672950745]
[0.8510283827781677]
[6.446564197540283]
[0.30898648500442505]
[0.6314195990562439]
[1.8778423070907593]
[2.378201961517334]
[0.015261990949511528]
[6.5109543800354]
[1.2345786094665527]
[1.5254638195037842]
[0.4743061065673828]
[0.00924583151936531]
[0.4641089141368866]
[137.25311279296875]
[56.053409576416016]
[0.6483776569366455]
[75.35334777832031]
[1.5748249292373657]
[1.1672056913375854]
[1.1282202005386353]
[1.7003592252731323]
[1.0111579895019531]
[0.4941386282444]
[0.05127580091357231]
[0.23622292280197144]
[3.296271562576294]
[9.79125690460205]
[0.3270878493785858]
[3.3044183254241943]
[80.49539184570312]
[6.348135471343994]
[3.953442335128784]
[16.89653968811035]
[0.18059200048446655]
[5.367539882659912]
[2.5713493824005127]
[1.288636326789856]
[55.36453628540039]
[0.0282016322016716]
[1.288859248161316]
[0.23174850642681122]
[0.4654349088668823]
[5.466637134552002]
[0.6880943179130554]
[0.3433029055595398]
[1.3670413494110107]
[0.2145196944475174]
[16.728988647460938]
[45.96664047241211]
[0.1778278350830078]
[1.6049827337265015]
[0.4359326958656311]
[0.3966667056083679]
[31.726755142211914]
[3.625279188156128]
[0.016820808872580528]
[52.236812591552734]
[1.5712838172912598]
[7.0827789306640625]
[60.15785217285156]
[1.7621378898620605]
[2.721348762512207]
[0.4699930250644684]
[4.1270952224731445]
[3.6662468910217285]
[43.2350959777832]
[78.4591064453125]
[54.5020637512207]
[2.9154326915740967]
[0.2438594102859497]
[1.7079731225967407]
[2.7597413063049316]
[1.7337740659713745]
[77.68315124511719]
[79.18424987792969]
[2.0348269939422607]
[0.028745116665959358]
[2.2713541984558105]
[0.2970399558544159]
[8.189568519592285]
[0.8341132998466492]
[4.486303806304932]
[47.54441833496094]
[3.1999030113220215]
[0.4068162441253662]
[0.0409930981695652]
[6.035958766937256]
[37.9942512512207]
[12.819160461425781]
[2.6065492630004883]
[2.3270933628082275]
[7.3685302734375]
[1.688000202178955]
[0.014611415565013885]
[0.08439486473798752]
[3.6622819900512695]
[54.51215744018555]
[47.502315521240234]
[1.15335214138031]
[0.460526704788208]
[0.9507063031196594]
[10.169551849365234]
[16.746171951293945]
[2.9057424068450928]
[5.692225456237793]
[0.5967725515365601]
[1.4847201108932495]
[21.05908966064453]
[0.1877051144838333]
[0.6334092020988464]
[2.242687940597534]
[5.994898796081543]
[0.3012807369232178]
[72.22648620605469]
[4.401856899261475]
[1.2199116945266724]
[2.9025533199310303]
[0.013365463353693485]
[5.278536319732666]
[0.8356084227561951]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.038420893251895905]
[18.399864196777344]
[10.383248329162598]
[0.3999740481376648]
[0.18793515861034393]
[0.5037028789520264]
[4.413844108581543]
[1.7377952337265015]
[1.4793514013290405]
[1.4441688060760498]
[52.76279830932617]
[2.969998359680176]
[0.04577568918466568]
[0.1762980967760086]
[0.28305548429489136]
[9.670032501220703]
[4.539568901062012]
[1.299088954925537]
[1.6670407056808472]
[3.403538465499878]
[9.067625045776367]
[2.477574348449707]
[0.29133614897727966]
[1.6351193189620972]
[0.4807121157646179]
[0.004645665641874075]
[53.711448669433594]
[0.5136840343475342]
[0.016934193670749664]
[0.7100738286972046]
[0.9293320178985596]
[0.20330552756786346]
[0.2630639970302582]
[2.2241721153259277]
[0.5507931709289551]
[0.8013251423835754]
[0.6802610158920288]
[2.462834119796753]
[10.020425796508789]
[1.8001067638397217]
[0.4948546588420868]
[0.35043489933013916]
[0.7362357974052429]
[1.1275221109390259]
[0.015343446284532547]
[1.00795578956604]
[0.001046924851834774]
[0.5892001390457153]
[67.66853332519531]
[0.06948693841695786]
[0.954110860824585]
[1.2415426969528198]
[66.06529998779297]
[0.03389640524983406]
[6.4887375831604]
[0.012607311829924583]
[0.5131197571754456]
[9.435518264770508]
[0.01776869036257267]
[0.2352069467306137]
[4.187608242034912]
[28.013944625854492]
[1.5185189247131348]
[1.7860350608825684]
[0.951467752456665]
[2.3580527305603027]
[1.567866563796997]
[1.0573980808258057]
[2.3630051612854004]
[8.960057258605957]
[0.807615339756012]
[1.467576026916504]
[57.943603515625]
[0.17714279890060425]
[2.1412906646728516]
[3.7879831790924072]
[0.01046560425311327]
[13.886248588562012]
[2.1516177654266357]
[2.2206318378448486]
[0.7479093670845032]
[8.928668022155762]
[0.402487576007843]
[3.0252716541290283]
[1.8548808097839355]
[49.783714294433594]
[53.752708435058594]
[1.5526771545410156]
[0.7112486362457275]
[1.4609473943710327]
[0.000955442781560123]
[3.6428098678588867]
[6.6627068519592285]
[2.1086695194244385]
[0.7155450582504272]
[0.2628951668739319]
[2.1764795780181885]
[2.401951551437378]
[23.67157554626465]
[1.5115219354629517]
[1.5585864782333374]
[0.020381903275847435]
[59.634620666503906]
[1.0404632091522217]
[3.7406089305877686]
[0.320090651512146]
[1.956234097480774]
[1.500056505203247]
[0.1882602870464325]
[76.89717102050781]
[0.577625572681427]
[1.627150297164917]
[28.409835815429688]
[0.4159597158432007]
[7.6176042556762695]
[0.01583458110690117]
[0.42829960584640503]
[0.6073121428489685]
[0.9081884622573853]
[0.4533032178878784]
[0.16333284974098206]
[3.4034292697906494]
[74.86544799804688]
[2.2486400604248047]
[1.1060998439788818]
[0.2587640583515167]
[76.51460266113281]
[1.5633430480957031]
[54.37690353393555]
[2.698794364929199]
[3.381098747253418]
[0.1943710893392563]
[7.93295431137085]
[74.71699523925781]
[0.7711164355278015]
[4.750042915344238]
[70.61649322509766]
[2.9950215816497803]
[30.396162033081055]
[1.4653139114379883]
[1.4799152612686157]
[1.0219401121139526]
[91.70547485351562]
[88.25201416015625]
[13.719831466674805]
[2.4261929988861084]
[1.8175169229507446]
[2.4846701622009277]
[0.5600083470344543]
[2.703190803527832]
[1.8523176908493042]
[0.7425650954246521]
[97.37918090820312]
[0.7199386358261108]
[0.576859712600708]
[0.04587936773896217]
[0.5305132865905762]
[6.264036655426025]
[0.08415064960718155]
[1.5572535991668701]
[0.07102559506893158]
[0.5551124215126038]
[0.6256766319274902]
[1.5357978343963623]
[0.22718873620033264]
[0.016685407608747482]
[78.7121353149414]
[0.9970468878746033]
[4.676113128662109]
[2.4127190113067627]
[5.708544731140137]
[3.151843309402466]
[1.836066722869873]
[3.4725210666656494]
[3.893383741378784]
[0.8253813982009888]
[4.3336005210876465]
[4.237603187561035]
[61.20785140991211]
[1.6449018716812134]
[67.21983337402344]
[17.788848876953125]
[3.7034401893615723]
[0.11144230514764786]
[9.164770126342773]
[1.9959700107574463]
[0.02194138616323471]
[0.30879658460617065]
[68.38536071777344]
[18.92941665649414]
[0.015900861471891403]
[0.7588130831718445]
[3.431356191635132]
[1.4597878456115723]
[0.0013558360515162349]
[57.61533737182617]
[7.977436542510986]
[0.04206419363617897]
[0.41874054074287415]
[0.7766514420509338]
[0.3543356955051422]
[0.6710580587387085]
[0.03109189309179783]
[4.275424003601074]
[1.584715723991394]
[1.2723758220672607]
[0.27572694420814514]
[5.599454402923584]
[0.4216656982898712]
[0.5505462288856506]
[0.6642665863037109]
[2.4073691368103027]
[1.9800506830215454]
[0.07330061495304108]
[0.07023635506629944]
[1.2742364406585693]
[0.35620537400245667]
[0.8389687538146973]
[0.499003529548645]
[0.8141278624534607]
[2.010098457336426]
[0.017448021098971367]
[0.5509793162345886]
[0.5550472140312195]
[5.40451192855835]
[0.007843045517802238]
[0.48027050495147705]
[16.622543334960938]
[0.4364178776741028]
[0.7695538997650146]
[0.007610434666275978]
[5.1074442863464355]
[0.7199345231056213]
[0.5092632174491882]
[0.26610755920410156]
[0.7070998549461365]
[0.3727562427520752]
[61.025203704833984]
[1.7217490673065186]
[0.010257069021463394]
[13.812503814697266]
[1.0935750007629395]
[25.10543441772461]
[0.1641380488872528]
[2.1714260578155518]
[2.961658000946045]
[17.580942153930664]
[10.930863380432129]
[26.397096633911133]
[0.3628517985343933]
[4.231820583343506]
[0.5395228266716003]
[0.5927668213844299]
[1.7309272289276123]
[54.429100036621094]
[2.337373733520508]
[0.20401924848556519]
[67.1175765991211]
[0.09823006391525269]
[0.8613567352294922]
[0.2658517360687256]
[2.199969530105591]
[3.151151418685913]
[0.20611952245235443]
[5.398046970367432]
[1.215505838394165]
[0.01779063418507576]
[2.59368896484375]
[63.53768539428711]
[0.3276362717151642]
[0.9367122054100037]
[0.0395800843834877]
[0.6931926012039185]
[1.102574110031128]
[0.4816302955150604]
[10.679322242736816]
[0.2877277731895447]
[0.5281347036361694]
[0.026257090270519257]
[2.4975321292877197]
[2.3367083072662354]
[2.1234445571899414]
[2.5881717205047607]
[0.5219131708145142]
[0.850430965423584]
[0.2733340561389923]
[3.185960292816162]
[6.092062950134277]
[0.3385506868362427]
[0.5194723010063171]
[3.389378070831299]
[2.3371264934539795]
[0.3499574661254883]
[0.41314029693603516]
[2.7129569053649902]
[71.29387664794922]
[0.2653595209121704]
[1.5043872594833374]
[3.1395630836486816]
[72.981201171875]
[1.0259720087051392]
[7.856116771697998]
[0.4329279363155365]
[0.0761195495724678]
[4.801337718963623]
[0.45187702775001526]
[11.96864128112793]
[2.7352237701416016]
[0.7020958662033081]
[3.0106189250946045]
[59.91261291503906]
[0.790713906288147]
[0.35481736063957214]
[1.1881521940231323]
[2.9959707260131836]
[3.164135694503784]
[0.4657648801803589]
[52.8574104309082]
[6.601235389709473]
[3.3326947689056396]
[8.809045791625977]
[0.47986331582069397]
[5.2124528884887695]
[0.7258028984069824]
[0.11014004796743393]
[1.1470485925674438]
[0.38503387570381165]
[27.545547485351562]
[48.778926849365234]
[2.0107028484344482]
[3.1172537803649902]
[1.6527128219604492]
[2.135627031326294]
[4.734138011932373]
[1.042280912399292]
[0.2211223542690277]
[0.6270685791969299]
[102.39715576171875]
[1.3021583557128906]
[0.17138755321502686]
[0.051857396960258484]
[0.925386905670166]
[0.26666614413261414]
[0.7073078155517578]
[136.44155883789062]
[0.5997443795204163]
[8.927740097045898]
[0.44479525089263916]
[2.2322494983673096]
[1.8699026107788086]
[1.1551823616027832]
[1.0509238243103027]
[3.0044476985931396]
[0.6613410711288452]
[3.4131293296813965]
[0.5070661306381226]
[0.07091759890317917]
[12.763187408447266]
[28.6408634185791]
[3.1702804565429688]
[1.2559967041015625]
[0.4746435880661011]
[0.46809250116348267]
[4.101632118225098]
[1.6953445672988892]
[21.372854232788086]
[2.0760717391967773]
[2.7386116981506348]
[0.2772563397884369]
[2.4758238792419434]
[0.03277845308184624]
[0.08871525526046753]
[58.753746032714844]
[0.5285736322402954]
[1.5976046323776245]
[1.1597405672073364]
[2.189236640930176]
[0.13497643172740936]
[0.4886022210121155]
[0.0007747747004032135]
[1.190455436706543]
[5.843555450439453]
[3.5542144775390625]
[5.886408805847168]
[0.06793547421693802]
[13.722972869873047]
[61.209007263183594]
[1.3892090320587158]
[0.013321909122169018]
[0.16265475749969482]
[49.81434631347656]
[0.4773978292942047]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[8.810701370239258]
[5.26356315612793]
[0.15184789896011353]
[0.9012231230735779]
[2.347285509109497]
[0.8672885298728943]
[0.07678289711475372]
[3.3250114917755127]
[32.822044372558594]
[0.00493723526597023]
[3.303523063659668]
[0.989206850528717]
[1.2700824737548828]
[2.2722764015197754]
[22.822776794433594]
[0.7788546085357666]
[30.074594497680664]
[54.39793014526367]
[2.1175413131713867]
[0.007972292602062225]
[1.2451646327972412]
[59.817508697509766]
[0.21565541625022888]
[91.64016723632812]
[0.3556332290172577]
[0.536507248878479]
[2.5675363540649414]
[1.2792912721633911]
[1.0771156549453735]
[3.7746365070343018]
[1.2319916486740112]
[5.652446269989014]
[2.722792863845825]
[0.31865784525871277]
[0.662100076675415]
[2.840770959854126]
[0.02395791932940483]
[48.536529541015625]
[1.3540027141571045]
[0.756935715675354]
[5.946659088134766]
[0.38529032468795776]
[0.05173921212553978]
[0.6391445398330688]
[3.551204204559326]
[0.00924986694008112]
[8.982515335083008]
[0.18580332398414612]
[4.028285503387451]
[5.703223705291748]
[0.7945508360862732]
[0.8195821642875671]
[2.5230562686920166]
[1.0578243732452393]
[0.23971155285835266]
[3.1616158485412598]
[0.0016113270539790392]
[0.3856317400932312]
[4.479682922363281]
[0.9247880578041077]
[3.1097207069396973]
[56.804290771484375]
[0.13419443368911743]
[4.152805328369141]
[0.45515894889831543]
[0.48835068941116333]
[0.5205889940261841]
[22.65105628967285]
[0.6828466653823853]
[0.2938291132450104]
[0.9106982350349426]
[16.11693572998047]
[2.1989128589630127]
[2.4146435260772705]
[77.22891235351562]
[0.313788503408432]
[54.906944274902344]
[4.802982330322266]
[74.57565307617188]
[55.20108413696289]
[28.743518829345703]
[3.6684327125549316]
[2.145432710647583]
[0.5296740531921387]
[1.8547172546386719]
[0.38920384645462036]
[0.22634369134902954]
[3.102654218673706]
[0.292690247297287]
[5.2627692222595215]
[27.198972702026367]
[3.2737762928009033]
[0.008635437116026878]
[2.5841948986053467]
[1.7088687419891357]
[1.5429246425628662]
[0.3212207853794098]
[1.6767560243606567]
[0.05206920579075813]
[0.6302396655082703]
[10.14843463897705]
[2.3730974197387695]
[5.045893669128418]
[0.41361287236213684]
[0.9948839545249939]
[1.5195062160491943]
[57.294071197509766]
[1.1768403053283691]
[2.200061082839966]
[12.7540283203125]
[53.918304443359375]
[2.98256778717041]
[2.1697850227355957]
[69.54971313476562]
[0.231101855635643]
[0.7559842467308044]
[0.04004797339439392]
[1.2261364459991455]
[0.3339657485485077]
[1.1096327304840088]
[3.7069122791290283]
[2.0087172985076904]
[1.2592865228652954]
[2.6905994415283203]
[0.5193319320678711]
[9.689214706420898]
[0.5714051723480225]
[48.2149658203125]
[2.074014186859131]
[52.72166061401367]
[0.6715379953384399]
[1.376749873161316]
[1.2993507385253906]
[0.6344437599182129]
[3.4009523391723633]
[29.959970474243164]
[0.4226219654083252]
[2.0637922286987305]
[0.2313287854194641]
[2.630436897277832]
[1.3606840372085571]
[1.043694019317627]
[0.16778701543807983]
[0.13623864948749542]
[1.6671490669250488]
[1.5852982997894287]
[0.4401392638683319]
[2.820857524871826]
[0.9042595624923706]
[3.394707679748535]
[1.6258665323257446]
[0.9421951770782471]
[0.003974427469074726]
[1.331723928451538]
[0.8114239573478699]
[0.6524715423583984]
[0.9658908843994141]
[2.6563587188720703]
[11.558907508850098]
[33.20314025878906]
[2.341750383377075]
[0.48809418082237244]
[1.4793128967285156]
[0.6366683840751648]
[41.879180908203125]
[1.6380441188812256]
[1.0719022750854492]
[0.00782970804721117]
[0.14188307523727417]
[1.0568588972091675]
[13.512616157531738]
[1.549065351486206]
[4.113672256469727]
[57.99053192138672]
[0.024281790480017662]
[60.149288177490234]
[53.160614013671875]
[3.5408408641815186]
[0.8892334699630737]
[46.2015495300293]
[0.22513645887374878]
[6.447000503540039]
[0.0637577623128891]
[4.190469741821289]
[5.392179489135742]
[5.099903106689453]
[2.6210055351257324]
[40.572933197021484]
[2.9777746200561523]
[9.589354515075684]
[3.8555753231048584]
[8.313693046569824]
[50.1984977722168]
[3.788972854614258]
[172.79443359375]
[57.65435028076172]
[4.12236213684082]
[0.42850959300994873]
[3.00376558303833]
[22.055940628051758]
[0.45982539653778076]
[1.0642145872116089]
[27.006698608398438]
[1.2008018493652344]
[6.250765323638916]
[3.7587151527404785]
[4.797113418579102]
[51.6697883605957]
[6.8436760902404785]
[3.244554042816162]
[3.5369837284088135]
[60.4636344909668]
[0.5590773224830627]
[2.5100929737091064]
[14.928680419921875]
[2.306182622909546]
[136.07444763183594]
[1.481345772743225]
[2.433453321456909]
[3.855926513671875]
[4.158863067626953]
[0.6159523725509644]
[1.9525294303894043]
[0.6388170719146729]
[1.502252459526062]
[0.432927668094635]
[6.313592910766602]
[4.047154903411865]
[59.626625061035156]
[2.7433347702026367]
[3.951827049255371]
[58.709171295166016]
[2.8177661895751953]
[1.2866485118865967]
[1.5259286165237427]
[2.3981711864471436]
[3.5720860958099365]
[53.497039794921875]
[2.313584566116333]
[1.0087250471115112]
[2.572317600250244]
[5.013049125671387]
[1.9188666343688965]
[24.01690101623535]
[42.19468688964844]
[1.55244779586792]
[0.5878840088844299]
[1.253331184387207]
[0.5637052059173584]
[0.07800743728876114]
[7.0932111740112305]
[0.1749812364578247]
[4.913617134094238]
[79.5280532836914]
[2.902463912963867]
[55.541996002197266]
[54.04983901977539]
[1.850409746170044]
[3.032165288925171]
[119.5827407836914]
[51.58794021606445]
[5.589444160461426]
[0.08204229176044464]
[0.39101532101631165]
[9.221822738647461]
[7.352876663208008]
[3.940718173980713]
[5.722238540649414]
[7.306840896606445]
[57.547359466552734]
[10.134836196899414]
[11.194445610046387]
[0.860622763633728]
[6.524355888366699]
[1.6605972051620483]
[0.9961744546890259]
[4.019168376922607]
[0.02140130288898945]
[10.610355377197266]
[0.9665128588676453]
[5.959132671356201]
[16.228239059448242]
[0.022526457905769348]
[0.5734922289848328]
[4.8031392097473145]
[5.0973005294799805]
[3.2973008155822754]
[2.8505163192749023]
[0.5847920775413513]
[5.535172939300537]
[2.269516706466675]
[2.0388343334198]
[225.8583984375]
[6.949820041656494]
[2.12394118309021]
[3.2088053226470947]
[2.7758820056915283]
[5.816784858703613]
[1.729949951171875]
[18.391311645507812]
[2.93914794921875]
[4.4661736488342285]
[0.8821343183517456]
[0.590549647808075]
[1.4371428489685059]
[1.2719545364379883]
[3.727586030960083]
[3.360370397567749]
[0.8072671294212341]
[1.2277376651763916]
[64.80724334716797]
[1.0887625217437744]
[0.04598309472203255]
[10.522209167480469]
[5.739058971405029]
[0.03841176629066467]
[1.386765956878662]
[12.610398292541504]
[2.4946794509887695]
[0.011741110123693943]
[1.2317841053009033]
[0.0365382619202137]
[0.16493649780750275]
[5.57206916809082]
[3.7190442085266113]
[71.4156265258789]
[0.3758746385574341]
[1.1444156169891357]
[0.026312027126550674]
[1.5656887292861938]
[72.70002746582031]
[1.3530495166778564]
[60.82376480102539]
[1.8043931722640991]
[1.2898253202438354]
[59.97465515136719]
[2.077810287475586]
[0.366444855928421]
[54.04403305053711]
[4.168354034423828]
[1.8440951108932495]
[2.4005210399627686]
[3.693875789642334]
[3.9841833114624023]
[65.4078598022461]
[4.655550003051758]
[50.340179443359375]
[17.09699058532715]
[2.7281508445739746]
[33.627742767333984]
[2.166701555252075]
[0.45449525117874146]
[0.2787612974643707]
[4.350037574768066]
[0.220309317111969]
[0.9120324850082397]
[5.88900899887085]
[3.368823289871216]
[0.1572774201631546]
[2.9240307807922363]
[0.2147073894739151]
[0.8895944356918335]
[3.0201218128204346]
[0.20618337392807007]
[0.01679018884897232]
[0.21070848405361176]
[80.84512329101562]
[5.645384311676025]
[5.690952301025391]
[51.871063232421875]
[0.5634952783584595]
[2.181605100631714]
[0.11206328123807907]
[0.5862288475036621]
[1.206890344619751]
[13.093160629272461]
[0.054786767810583115]
[4.275452136993408]
[0.3195853531360626]
[2.0045413970947266]
[70.38629150390625]
[52.68794250488281]
[1.3390213251113892]
[3.535027265548706]
[3.6933019161224365]
[2.39109206199646]
[3.196388006210327]
[0.281231164932251]
[2.435471296310425]
[0.3442123830318451]
[4.784185409545898]
[0.6215488314628601]
[59.97551727294922]
[3.5860166549682617]
[0.8806577324867249]
[0.3663579523563385]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.18300847709178925]
[56.954803466796875]
[50.88542556762695]
[95.57640838623047]
[44.889713287353516]
[5.543871879577637]
[54.718658447265625]
[6.311495780944824]
[0.11753232777118683]
[3.08076810836792]
[0.369434118270874]
[0.27963119745254517]
[11.222674369812012]
[50.361915588378906]
[0.05948329344391823]
[9.2687406539917]
[0.40956607460975647]
[6.302183628082275]
[4.684602737426758]
[0.00871915090829134]
[0.9966574907302856]
[9.915371894836426]
[10.917613983154297]
[4.190795421600342]
[2.8102471828460693]
[1.5661860704421997]
[4.506703853607178]
[45.51932144165039]
[0.006342404987663031]
[5.352424144744873]
[6.011653423309326]
[16.484331130981445]
[3.4068405628204346]
[0.8692399859428406]
[1.0187029838562012]
[2.5390775203704834]
[0.4276922941207886]
[0.23926925659179688]
[1.1382982730865479]
[0.011847248300909996]
[0.1804099678993225]
[0.17920762300491333]
[0.7868763208389282]
[2.095531940460205]
[0.9770853519439697]
[0.7401530742645264]
[0.10025525838136673]
[0.00911725964397192]
[3.3258016109466553]
[57.135719299316406]
[50.277984619140625]
[0.39829352498054504]
[2.9498627185821533]
[63.73881912231445]
[5.7288031578063965]
[1.4980770349502563]
[1.0771403312683105]
[104.10598754882812]
[8.082738876342773]
[0.9359290599822998]
[1.04070246219635]
[15.74604606628418]
[0.28269118070602417]
[0.6746665239334106]
[9.318502426147461]
[0.03485551103949547]
[0.6148949265480042]
[0.311657190322876]
[2.999467372894287]
[0.009071281179785728]
[1.0710257291793823]
[0.7708143591880798]
[1.2552415132522583]
[16.306888580322266]
[55.066375732421875]
[0.8059656023979187]
[1.5870649814605713]
[2.5720794200897217]
[0.3605567216873169]
[0.738736093044281]
[0.15291935205459595]
[1.8644213676452637]
[18.189699172973633]
[6.782159805297852]
[6.8465118408203125]
[0.7587413787841797]
[9.512866973876953]
[0.04681751877069473]
[1.7309670448303223]
[0.006995543371886015]
[0.011804647743701935]
[59.52882385253906]
[51.419769287109375]
[90.61673736572266]
[1.1040990352630615]
[0.9932671189308167]
[2.6326606273651123]
[5.845273971557617]
[12.125131607055664]
[61.53538131713867]
[1.6063541173934937]
[0.08626645803451538]
[3.177966594696045]
[3.1638565063476562]
[0.006327424664050341]
[0.6125718355178833]
[0.14843815565109253]
[1.2842659950256348]
[1.6384512186050415]
[2.0171096324920654]
[0.8434460163116455]
[81.8630142211914]
[0.6423129439353943]
[0.8729485869407654]
[0.9254503846168518]
[0.01638522930443287]
[7.6927809715271]
[0.15804927051067352]
[3.6655004024505615]
[1.2205220460891724]
[3.457434892654419]
[1.2513983249664307]
[1.1291126012802124]
[1.899684190750122]
[0.4987422823905945]
[5.301674842834473]
[0.6051732897758484]
[1.3799340724945068]
[0.2500826120376587]
[60.59172058105469]
[2.2491538524627686]
[60.3682861328125]
[0.14935117959976196]
[0.9754980206489563]
[0.6053915023803711]
[4.902867317199707]
[3.289212226867676]
[3.100553274154663]
[0.3858153522014618]
[0.018849743530154228]
[0.8210636973381042]
[2.329092502593994]
[3.2646331787109375]
[0.7715603113174438]
[74.83356475830078]
[1.856521725654602]
[1.922898530960083]
[3.658647060394287]
[1.6760896444320679]
[0.003165345871821046]
[0.01860003173351288]
[2.3993844985961914]
[0.35157856345176697]
[0.8019667863845825]
[0.01924857869744301]
[0.02602209523320198]
[0.24898242950439453]
[0.39824652671813965]
[0.7203679084777832]
[0.5269924402236938]
[1.9891301393508911]
[0.04794059321284294]
[0.19109663367271423]
[3.356625556945801]
[0.5117824673652649]
[0.009705781005322933]
[1.5545865297317505]
[0.7604226469993591]
[1.81980299949646]
[2.3086578845977783]
[55.379329681396484]
[1.1341369152069092]
[0.5645065903663635]
[13.695878982543945]
[0.8919358849525452]
[2.952669620513916]
[0.6824800372123718]
[2.830169439315796]
[6.037840366363525]
[10.099038124084473]
[0.41542622447013855]
[0.7915008664131165]
[0.43682506680488586]
[0.023108894005417824]
[99.38150024414062]
[93.40472412109375]
[3.010777473449707]
[3.7628583908081055]
[0.04106553643941879]
[0.48153385519981384]
[0.9936175346374512]
[2.8907244205474854]
[0.76884925365448]
[0.16903257369995117]
[51.5716552734375]
[0.12955746054649353]
[3.70808482170105]
[0.019176576286554337]
[74.23619842529297]
[3.031172513961792]
[0.14207249879837036]
[0.6255149245262146]
[4.188288688659668]
[68.57884979248047]
[4.682129383087158]
[4.4334516525268555]
[0.5929797887802124]
[2.6523237228393555]
[1.8388627767562866]
[5.193941593170166]
[0.5167513489723206]
[6.341580390930176]
[52.395877838134766]
[2.403130531311035]
[0.6181478500366211]
[0.5630542039871216]
[2.207674026489258]
[13.115389823913574]
[1.4728204011917114]
[0.31855857372283936]
[2.858203411102295]
[8.23168659210205]
[0.8626681566238403]
[0.4344541132450104]
[65.15205383300781]
[0.3939387798309326]
[0.013335096649825573]
[4.741210460662842]
[0.5239190459251404]
[1.5106229782104492]
[52.93113708496094]
[3.7367947101593018]
[0.59779953956604]
[22.44548797607422]
[48.770729064941406]
[0.00399754336103797]
[0.3150198459625244]
[0.5613998770713806]
[1.1680115461349487]
[0.6187984347343445]
[6.541496753692627]
[3.144045352935791]
[0.40801170468330383]
[0.03568330779671669]
[6.7732253074646]
[13.960659980773926]
[12.380831718444824]
[1.650987148284912]
[55.04082489013672]
[9.83782958984375]
[0.6364181637763977]
[1.7982558012008667]
[1.4862713813781738]
[0.36270081996917725]
[52.80274963378906]
[0.5081239938735962]
[43.652462005615234]
[2.5740854740142822]
[2.447634696960449]
[3.072791814804077]
[2.2191314697265625]
[4.058735370635986]
[0.988381564617157]
[1.07755708694458]
[170.1508026123047]
[0.40033069252967834]
[1.002150535583496]
[0.2849305272102356]
[7.139383316040039]
[49.379661560058594]
[0.10197403281927109]
[57.933189392089844]
[0.028820281848311424]
[0.004170457366853952]
[0.7346610426902771]
[8.941693305969238]
[6.415555953979492]
[1.6578336954116821]
[14.831694602966309]
[0.014833640307188034]
[0.46510952711105347]
[5.720120906829834]
[1.2825855016708374]
[8.431102752685547]
[7.9325127601623535]
[1.7680996656417847]
[0.37521034479141235]
[0.2831614315509796]
[0.9108378887176514]
[73.30036926269531]
[1.764807939529419]
[2.034193515777588]
[0.4032427966594696]
[2.692255973815918]
[0.2873397171497345]
[1.126716136932373]
[2.994713068008423]
[0.13311296701431274]
[0.06212380900979042]
[4.416393280029297]
[0.008992431685328484]
[0.41780754923820496]
[33.494136810302734]
[0.23061950504779816]
[1.3405060768127441]
[2.445589542388916]
[5.175062656402588]
[0.03132861480116844]
[0.851830244064331]
[65.27363586425781]
[2.313716411590576]
[2.1575140953063965]
[0.6941149830818176]
[0.01129666343331337]
[4.228484153747559]
[1.3263264894485474]
[1.3621994256973267]
[0.33802559971809387]
[54.999610900878906]
[0.20784389972686768]
[0.6758753061294556]
[1.6741054058074951]
[0.8650462627410889]
[1.4000979661941528]
[3.979421377182007]
[7.516843318939209]
[0.022150635719299316]
[1.5524593591690063]
[96.57113647460938]
[9.223169326782227]
[0.4363711178302765]
[0.06645295023918152]
[1.3479063510894775]
[0.3246382176876068]
[5.9207844734191895]
[4.416345119476318]
[1.7843645811080933]
[0.44582226872444153]
[0.843168318271637]
[0.748913049697876]
[1.572520136833191]
[62.05194854736328]
[0.8746184706687927]
[0.8735144734382629]
[5.404644012451172]
[3.720385789871216]
[59.01187515258789]
[0.8388416171073914]
[0.4749581813812256]
[1.0899357795715332]
[5.615489959716797]
[0.3585878014564514]
[0.32444632053375244]
[0.0005032146582379937]
[78.82109069824219]
[141.3026580810547]
[0.6523754596710205]
[179.6324462890625]
[0.11352326720952988]
[2.928434371948242]
[5.3625712394714355]
[2.8378679752349854]
[2.981698989868164]
[0.48824483156204224]
[29.547338485717773]
[54.13019943237305]
[1.9831336736679077]
[1.916832685470581]
[0.4897836744785309]
[2.926018714904785]
[1.2726000547409058]
[5.554773330688477]
[3.553262233734131]
[0.4771372973918915]
[74.37576293945312]
[0.4794473946094513]
[1.5731242895126343]
[0.6597690582275391]
[0.810781717300415]
[0.4150865077972412]
[1.1451165676116943]
[1.9284014701843262]
[15.533548355102539]
[65.16362762451172]
[1.2515451908111572]
[53.62027359008789]
[15.659664154052734]
[55.44499206542969]
[0.43935132026672363]
[0.9384291172027588]
[46.40309143066406]
[9.001130104064941]
[66.976806640625]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[6.734262466430664]
[9.154034614562988]
[17.530550003051758]
[0.18319593369960785]
[0.009505661204457283]
[0.41352394223213196]
[0.00938485935330391]
[13.685997009277344]
[2.9147799015045166]
[0.32415977120399475]
[52.63949203491211]
[1.426176905632019]
[2.931802988052368]
[53.77240753173828]
[0.08054519444704056]
[6.820061683654785]
[24.458873748779297]
[4.151970863342285]
[25.7869815826416]
[0.4956115484237671]
[0.19825313985347748]
[0.8877137899398804]
[6.0682878494262695]
[1.3626409769058228]
[2.2669146060943604]
[25.938264846801758]
[1.4205632209777832]
[0.19321130216121674]
[0.38396212458610535]
[2.4637656211853027]
[0.9384354948997498]
[0.4327917993068695]
[9.28268051147461]
[0.34655529260635376]
[0.35482552647590637]
[2.0703284740448]
[2.0551979541778564]
[8.386967658996582]
[0.1585330367088318]
[0.589195966720581]
[0.21709460020065308]
[1.3393946886062622]
[48.227684020996094]
[3.1441409587860107]
[158.2382354736328]
[56.576515197753906]
[1.8062912225723267]
[6.300966262817383]
[3.249481201171875]
[2.9457826614379883]
[5.21537971496582]
[13.877270698547363]
[2.631943941116333]
[3.104736089706421]
[0.4017183184623718]
[0.6526001691818237]
[2.7347846031188965]
[3.1610727310180664]
[3.4790399074554443]
[1.1909387111663818]
[0.033102817833423615]
[0.25029292702674866]
[1.495988368988037]
[5.605630397796631]
[9.928997993469238]
[0.6954910159111023]
[0.03707249462604523]
[12.925313949584961]
[0.32030609250068665]
[6.307209491729736]
[2.241001844406128]
[0.002370597794651985]
[5.1451191902160645]
[2.5831966400146484]
[1.0094953775405884]
[105.07714080810547]
[0.00780212227255106]
[0.17713014781475067]
[2.3941597938537598]
[1.0075836181640625]
[1.8576359748840332]
[0.06980324536561966]
[1.4303703308105469]
[12.13670539855957]
[54.060630798339844]
[51.305137634277344]
[2.821887493133545]
[1.2836036682128906]
[0.24334551393985748]
[3.6341559886932373]
[51.40483856201172]
[0.15607069432735443]
[0.016689831390976906]
[51.6796875]
[2.4144773483276367]
[0.9542073607444763]
[3.7303454875946045]
[0.14148256182670593]
[1.9440041780471802]
[0.5715222358703613]
[83.12157440185547]
[1.5638350248336792]
[4.638695240020752]
[2.4417924880981445]
[0.20095057785511017]
[0.15717099606990814]
[0.8682479858398438]
[7.543426036834717]
[14.76748275756836]
[2.417649030685425]
[1.5636703968048096]
[0.5933063626289368]
[0.2902645170688629]
[0.3676777780056]
[14.392826080322266]
[0.5584580898284912]
[0.5329411029815674]
[1.2015600204467773]
[221.29510498046875]
[88.50055694580078]
[4.819973945617676]
[1.3466720581054688]
[1.5653274059295654]
[4.797459602355957]
[4.422952651977539]
[0.6552766561508179]
[54.499122619628906]
[1.2426034212112427]
[51.744964599609375]
[1.53342604637146]
[1.624800205230713]
[9.56026554107666]
[2.0545101165771484]
[0.3855780363082886]
[5.286823272705078]
[1.4788681268692017]
[8.074641227722168]
[6.1915202140808105]
[0.3191107511520386]
[4.3843512535095215]
[0.35478878021240234]
[0.030900701880455017]
[77.4651107788086]
[3.5955190658569336]
[222.8011932373047]
[0.16193395853042603]
[4.622735023498535]
[1.5467288494110107]
[0.17274418473243713]
[9.454734802246094]
[157.34788513183594]
[0.16990232467651367]
[12.099539756774902]
[0.16537640988826752]
[0.4109945595264435]
[1.9153045415878296]
[4.362800121307373]
[1.2807964086532593]
[1.2695614099502563]
[4.967219352722168]
[2.463900327682495]
[9.742834091186523]
[1.0889978408813477]
[13.217759132385254]
[3.8900105953216553]
[6.915837287902832]
[62.08662414550781]
[0.02152111381292343]
[0.5520393252372742]
[19.183855056762695]
[0.9616912007331848]
[1.1147480010986328]
[4.682985305786133]
[13.01718521118164]
[92.9272232055664]
[2.1887786388397217]
[4.010383129119873]
[0.06669756770133972]
[2.0215489864349365]
[4.237503528594971]
[1.7678349018096924]
[12.113151550292969]
[0.185644268989563]
[7.422962665557861]
[1.1474838256835938]
[1.2941279411315918]
[0.011364473029971123]
[53.70197296142578]
[12.365673065185547]
[0.7939099073410034]
[0.5022211074829102]
[0.18989138305187225]
[0.854403555393219]
[1.9176149368286133]
[56.126068115234375]
[1.8599380254745483]
[7.856506824493408]
[3.5629351139068604]
[0.31253060698509216]
[0.18902218341827393]
[50.39821243286133]
[0.26215195655822754]
[0.6224324107170105]
[59.34974670410156]
[5.4803900718688965]
[0.24787814915180206]
[0.2587070167064667]
[6.1838297843933105]
[5.5545334815979]
[38.22394943237305]
[0.36578890681266785]
[7.252613544464111]
[9.475432395935059]
[2.8163299560546875]
[0.13172778487205505]
[61.963951110839844]
[5.634926795959473]
[8.120904922485352]
[21.87518310546875]
[0.44806969165802]
[1.85834538936615]
[5.976444721221924]
[2.6816461086273193]
[0.023450542241334915]
[61.42290496826172]
[2.7412712574005127]
[5.765256404876709]
[0.28218546509742737]
[56.391780853271484]
[2.3322930335998535]
[3.7139782905578613]
[50.14255905151367]
[0.1484784185886383]
[74.5768051147461]
[34.12425231933594]
[2.1214704513549805]
[0.43847358226776123]
[1.9920228719711304]
[0.17111654579639435]
[2.2254433631896973]
[2.178565740585327]
[0.16603386402130127]
[0.2336435765028]
[0.19279152154922485]
[3.014209508895874]
[67.29907989501953]
[22.37847900390625]
[56.73613357543945]
[0.755291759967804]
[13.471722602844238]
[0.32576507329940796]
[5.234798431396484]
[43.082427978515625]
[0.987876296043396]
[1.1667873859405518]
[30.61392593383789]
[8.055404663085938]
[42.110679626464844]
[10.508771896362305]
[30.612781524658203]
[0.16340166330337524]
[2.8058838844299316]
[1.8756911754608154]
[7.720937728881836]
[1.6979259252548218]
[0.00836996641010046]
[0.9702638387680054]
[212.40892028808594]
[2.145785331726074]
[2.5795984268188477]
[11.822144508361816]
[4.707001209259033]
[1.9851808547973633]
[0.012096473015844822]
[1.750473976135254]
[67.20845031738281]
[10.174301147460938]
[3.6124346256256104]
[0.8665246367454529]
[0.7380558252334595]
[13.267524719238281]
[1.8739447593688965]
[0.8172035813331604]
[3.2677440643310547]
[4.231281280517578]
[0.05799677222967148]
[16.771635055541992]
[2.656771183013916]
[10.089611053466797]
[5.881157875061035]
[6.596205234527588]
[2.902989149093628]
[0.9276883006095886]
[0.6186579465866089]
[3.5703375339508057]
[2.3364076614379883]
[3.6013803482055664]
[1.8555471897125244]
[0.43943050503730774]
[2.2306530475616455]
[18.260330200195312]
[2.6263227462768555]
[63.1339225769043]
[1.7805061340332031]
[0.23708665370941162]
[1.027964472770691]
[7.14715576171875]
[0.4796736538410187]
[0.4813230633735657]
[64.2990493774414]
[1.8435136079788208]
[1.3707417249679565]
[5.1673970222473145]
[0.08393757045269012]
[1.491602897644043]
[2.8501830101013184]
[0.5000666379928589]
[2.028686761856079]
[0.787828266620636]
[96.69445037841797]
[5.778677940368652]
[10.839877128601074]
[1.6551495790481567]
[59.534759521484375]
[3.2682840824127197]
[5.964289665222168]
[0.602222204208374]
[0.2648313641548157]
[1.6260385513305664]
[6.986860275268555]
[139.0679931640625]
[1.3836276531219482]
[0.8789951801300049]
[4.0919952392578125]
[2.3247268199920654]
[0.32315054535865784]
[88.128173828125]
[1.0434343814849854]
[1.4483747482299805]
[4.773428440093994]
[4.2376933097839355]
[48.072898864746094]
[0.47921648621559143]
[0.6907943487167358]
[2.2026925086975098]
[67.65522766113281]
[0.033753979951143265]
[52.854248046875]
[11.297551155090332]
[0.3718653917312622]
[1.1187282800674438]
[4.360551357269287]
[2.0481908321380615]
[92.61933898925781]
[2.2522735595703125]
[4.784794330596924]
[1.1255947351455688]
[0.5806829929351807]
[6.800225734710693]
[2.0852699279785156]
[5.723223686218262]
[4.84323787689209]
[3.2012882232666016]
[4.377367973327637]
[48.364131927490234]
[1.8207091093063354]
[0.2756201922893524]
[2.519289493560791]
[2.3060524463653564]
[0.661872386932373]
[0.7502455115318298]
[191.30882263183594]
[1.0740954875946045]
[2.6155688762664795]
[0.26076340675354004]
[0.2885623872280121]
[2.7154297828674316]
[1.608967900276184]
[3.586576223373413]
[11.30203628540039]
[0.6964214444160461]
[2.025219678878784]
[1.974632740020752]
[0.0570409819483757]
[12.145792007446289]
[6.69392204284668]
[55.19839859008789]
[2.9009814262390137]
[192.73638916015625]
[2.2666797637939453]
[0.443961501121521]
[4.874924182891846]
[3.4909772872924805]
[2.6618154048919678]
[0.39678114652633667]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.7460663318634033]
[2.4482192993164062]
[59.15102005004883]
[6.865242958068848]
[1.9466456174850464]
[2.3042962551116943]
[0.8207438588142395]
[137.0288543701172]
[0.6924414038658142]
[103.73625183105469]
[3.167160749435425]
[47.69749450683594]
[0.5899286866188049]
[2.550694227218628]
[2.8773586750030518]
[8.478533744812012]
[13.57300090789795]
[2.5872092247009277]
[4.751649379730225]
[1.428571343421936]
[2.5625710487365723]
[54.89418029785156]
[0.7243121266365051]
[0.6338420510292053]
[2.4931867122650146]
[44.91678237915039]
[7.203922271728516]
[59.23161315917969]
[41.1224479675293]
[66.28841400146484]
[4.380166530609131]
[4.910039901733398]
[0.2815987467765808]
[9.060805320739746]
[5.054564952850342]
[1.5737086534500122]
[0.4503544569015503]
[0.3864656388759613]
[2.9140987396240234]
[0.018273478373885155]
[49.062286376953125]
[6.509756088256836]
[4.211323261260986]
[0.23372727632522583]
[8.274449348449707]
[9.893657684326172]
[3.2919156551361084]
[0.17382760345935822]
[9.004725456237793]
[0.6777933239936829]
[0.8281089663505554]
[4.352932453155518]
[93.17110443115234]
[2.355947494506836]
[3.8143820762634277]
[0.5332052111625671]
[3.0837631225585938]
[5.899542808532715]
[1.7375881671905518]
[1.1129083633422852]
[1.5239977836608887]
[4.977586269378662]
[5.741025447845459]
[0.7505767345428467]
[1.9478932619094849]
[1.914469599723816]
[1.9066575765609741]
[37.3608283996582]
[0.4826653301715851]
[1.2272999286651611]
[2.8047776222229004]
[3.1987853050231934]
[2.001410722732544]
[2.793829917907715]
[0.20024973154067993]
[62.08824157714844]
[7.016359329223633]
[5.1099772453308105]
[0.636527955532074]
[1.0488101243972778]
[2.0337154865264893]
[1.971091866493225]
[0.21012060344219208]
[1.7344653606414795]
[2.016618251800537]
[3.0666379928588867]
[0.34540724754333496]
[2.869973659515381]
[9.440006256103516]
[0.8206467628479004]
[1.744574785232544]
[1.1373270750045776]
[1.678408145904541]
[0.508230984210968]
[0.7493045926094055]
[57.6702880859375]
[3.6397266387939453]
[1.722508430480957]
[1.367775321006775]
[0.23615816235542297]
[2.6160125732421875]
[1.497438907623291]
[8.77361011505127]
[0.454618901014328]
[48.754459381103516]
[1.012710690498352]
[6.0097455978393555]
[2.0582573413848877]
[0.46882522106170654]
[0.26626697182655334]
[0.42711031436920166]
[4.058908462524414]
[1.062827706336975]
[1.4982279539108276]
[0.2504900097846985]
[165.33372497558594]
[0.6819059252738953]
[1.4326127767562866]
[0.8306445479393005]
[0.4075106084346771]
[5.123958110809326]
[0.09018377959728241]
[0.46634936332702637]
[0.1464802771806717]
[2.0113182067871094]
[5.5850629806518555]
[0.4170818626880646]
[0.880339503288269]
[6.265954971313477]
[1.9493632316589355]
[2.885776996612549]
[1.838940143585205]
[0.37587395310401917]
[0.40505585074424744]
[25.071447372436523]
[1.8574200868606567]
[0.5881349444389343]
[1.0666404962539673]
[1.9182446002960205]
[1.726765751838684]
[1.1459360122680664]
[0.5319945216178894]
[25.8740291595459]
[56.624820709228516]
[2.371469259262085]
[0.3389095664024353]
[1.9572725296020508]
[0.2864905595779419]
[1.1727060079574585]
[4.562719345092773]
[5.976924419403076]
[53.295753479003906]
[0.23982158303260803]
[0.29745128750801086]
[3.404667615890503]
[0.14805297553539276]
[2.395803213119507]
[4.912038803100586]
[0.6083428263664246]
[2.6792659759521484]
[0.1714155077934265]
[1.7681961059570312]
[0.23855659365653992]
[1.1044780015945435]
[3.1607043743133545]
[6.58940315246582]
[3.170729875564575]
[55.690887451171875]
[0.14924459159374237]
[0.1331050992012024]
[0.9180105328559875]
[51.12266540527344]
[9.057502746582031]
[0.11810577660799026]
[0.9542508125305176]
[1.2681623697280884]
[0.19175589084625244]
[0.5730946063995361]
[2.3298420906066895]
[3.636807918548584]
[1.2598402500152588]
[5.690673351287842]
[0.3279469311237335]
[20.020427703857422]
[2.202761650085449]
[0.6639559864997864]
[3.9523813724517822]
[0.19808469712734222]
[1.3084396123886108]
[0.744270384311676]
[0.2889730930328369]
[0.38095447421073914]
[1.759933590888977]
[2.532057046890259]
[17.258060455322266]
[3.795422077178955]
[0.6114376187324524]
[187.99917602539062]
[0.5288822650909424]
[13.208597183227539]
[0.39009588956832886]
[2.8104517459869385]
[3.576071262359619]
[1.754703164100647]
[0.3213540315628052]
[2.1045725345611572]
[2.000866413116455]
[3.260739803314209]
[1.025730848312378]
[1.3513190746307373]
[2.9678988456726074]
[91.28337097167969]
[1.1390504837036133]
[80.84233093261719]
[0.111009381711483]
[0.6475114226341248]
[1.9255998134613037]
[0.9290986657142639]
[0.7935298681259155]
[2.054936408996582]
[3.3607490062713623]
[54.88136672973633]
[0.32023513317108154]
[54.04905700683594]
[0.3026452958583832]
[0.9192595481872559]
[13.28376579284668]
[1.0373969078063965]
[0.4078947901725769]
[1.3647727966308594]
[2.272688388824463]
[4.578739166259766]
[1.1673911809921265]
[1.1975096464157104]
[2.1429474353790283]
[10.16934871673584]
[4.467195510864258]
[3.3996241092681885]
[2.5034525394439697]
[3.2186837196350098]
[3.1002326011657715]
[0.4123884439468384]
[2.0074055194854736]
[1.9107720851898193]
[1.980546236038208]
[1.464323878288269]
[58.414276123046875]
[1.109575867652893]
[1.1587802171707153]
[8.894211769104004]
[1.4932998418807983]
[53.43069839477539]
[8.223671913146973]
[6.1450700759887695]
[0.9690277576446533]
[1.271849274635315]
[50.437320709228516]
[0.5937116146087646]
[0.6517347097396851]
[2.3059115409851074]
[67.60627746582031]
[0.1494915783405304]
[1.567306637763977]
[1.216509222984314]
[0.7108728885650635]
[5.502446174621582]
[3.294004440307617]
[6.343133449554443]
[1.8432419300079346]
[0.24040113389492035]
[2.8853631019592285]
[0.009231134317815304]
[94.43663024902344]
[0.1650869995355606]
[4.1196088790893555]
[83.31661987304688]
[1.9547919034957886]
[2.54966402053833]
[0.7038666009902954]
[0.937460720539093]
[3.0060641765594482]
[0.1438741534948349]
[3.1618664264678955]
[1.6301745176315308]
[2.0139353275299072]
[0.12040500342845917]
[2.9144179821014404]
[0.5179166197776794]
[0.5393802523612976]
[0.8621352314949036]
[54.228904724121094]
[0.7877330183982849]
[0.6266489028930664]
[1.2456227540969849]
[3.0580878257751465]
[1.192497968673706]
[0.32676202058792114]
[1.7961757183074951]
[0.05304098129272461]
[1.2180312871932983]
[0.511311948299408]
[2.0050766468048096]
[0.4377898871898651]
[2.4986090660095215]
[56.566585540771484]
[0.8572918176651001]
[0.8754265308380127]
[0.020204689353704453]
[0.37211912870407104]
[3.5043487548828125]
[0.14891333878040314]
[3.974196672439575]
[0.13019225001335144]
[0.836841881275177]
[2.950270891189575]
[53.65333938598633]
[53.93364334106445]
[1.3298232555389404]
[57.241188049316406]
[3.6888303756713867]
[1.8683111667633057]
[3.496917486190796]
[8.868908882141113]
[51.619850158691406]
[12.090489387512207]
[6.231393814086914]
[0.43466365337371826]
[0.176100954413414]
[4.352548122406006]
[0.9160163402557373]
[4.787567615509033]
[7.780329704284668]
[1.1019331216812134]
[2.7646384239196777]
[12.366142272949219]
[47.254764556884766]
[0.14237913489341736]
[2.846527099609375]
[0.27772676944732666]
[3.5508594512939453]
[10.599194526672363]
[0.16140590608119965]
[23.0794620513916]
[1.5726215839385986]
[1.593478798866272]
[4.1192474365234375]
[8.450662612915039]
[2.2951817512512207]
[1.2154440879821777]
[4.247753143310547]
[8.419842720031738]
[1.4832398891448975]
[2.1914267539978027]
[1.6920442581176758]
[86.24456024169922]
[0.48724356293678284]
[6.275336742401123]
[0.01001098845154047]
[31.243675231933594]
[0.9553231596946716]
[4.519157886505127]
[7.48715877532959]
[7.104333877563477]
[66.47125244140625]
[51.240604400634766]
[0.2185300588607788]
[0.43152961134910583]
[0.805538535118103]
[1.7390789985656738]
[8.447589874267578]
[6.453332901000977]
[1.615349292755127]
[0.12166070193052292]
[3.988853693008423]
[1.3058483600616455]
[8.035773277282715]
[0.19067737460136414]
[0.9215989708900452]
[1.0487006902694702]
[1.3945286273956299]
[0.06161627173423767]
[0.21648408472537994]
[1.802550196647644]
[0.395598828792572]
[20.75359344482422]
[6.696528434753418]
[197.8739776611328]
[0.12602797150611877]
[5.774517059326172]
[1.653398871421814]
[5.508152961730957]
[75.82247924804688]
[3.1330654621124268]
[0.8963046073913574]
[2.803898811340332]
[4.451930046081543]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.204171657562256]
[0.7247509956359863]
[3.2409563064575195]
[0.23240108788013458]
[4.271398067474365]
[12.435596466064453]
[1.9651318788528442]
[5.637370586395264]
[26.148632049560547]
[4.061605930328369]
[3.7148895263671875]
[2.741187334060669]
[64.91957092285156]
[2.2478888034820557]
[3.013017177581787]
[67.19792175292969]
[1.7694168090820312]
[0.3755394220352173]
[6.50233268737793]
[1.3463654518127441]
[2.1049675941467285]
[95.62133026123047]
[2.9738128185272217]
[23.065622329711914]
[27.739404678344727]
[0.5304610729217529]
[0.028182372450828552]
[1.6572470664978027]
[55.650020599365234]
[1.7030459642410278]
[16.965913772583008]
[92.50720977783203]
[1.424379825592041]
[8.13131332397461]
[2.5169315338134766]
[1.9074424505233765]
[1.988204002380371]
[0.385648638010025]
[213.0440673828125]
[2.0444092750549316]
[1.5188374519348145]
[0.4047645628452301]
[6.6143012046813965]
[3.919492244720459]
[5.599014759063721]
[59.283695220947266]
[5.851146697998047]
[2.3565478324890137]
[3.9262380599975586]
[4.562329292297363]
[2.8836801052093506]
[1.3827041387557983]
[48.7811393737793]
[0.5127879977226257]
[5.070070743560791]
[3.692673444747925]
[94.96162414550781]
[2.73024320602417]
[35.647369384765625]
[1.3380149602890015]
[1.0652403831481934]
[5.564112663269043]
[0.22648437321186066]
[0.13363416492938995]
[0.2904414236545563]
[9.698915481567383]
[0.1698247492313385]
[5.08309268951416]
[1.5689387321472168]
[0.8682245016098022]
[1.3887349367141724]
[0.5931432843208313]
[0.5268240571022034]
[0.4937587082386017]
[0.7915650010108948]
[0.6512135863304138]
[9.529919624328613]
[2.034546375274658]
[1.8859779834747314]
[0.6219013929367065]
[0.5367884635925293]
[7.3494110107421875]
[0.7090519666671753]
[1.774133324623108]
[2.741086006164551]
[0.09581241011619568]
[1.6905094385147095]
[2.401904344558716]
[0.9862722158432007]
[51.494529724121094]
[3.1334259510040283]
[0.12817217409610748]
[11.62411880493164]
[8.946165084838867]
[3.008646249771118]
[2.0786914825439453]
[0.359513521194458]
[0.9966199994087219]
[3.4358792304992676]
[54.25382995605469]
[0.020953485742211342]
[1.0308334827423096]
[1.0585999488830566]
[1.3954464197158813]
[0.29308056831359863]
[0.3216785788536072]
[0.1666344702243805]
[1.385658860206604]
[4.259593963623047]
[0.3353952467441559]
[0.7098652124404907]
[6.19052267074585]
[2.081514596939087]
[7.825927734375]
[4.356357574462891]
[0.6242441534996033]
[1.5749717950820923]
[0.7433809638023376]
[0.5958302021026611]
[3.4496166706085205]
[3.5480313301086426]
[0.604232132434845]
[1.436911940574646]
[0.3727424144744873]
[0.5644960999488831]
[0.7216304540634155]
[2.8277828693389893]
[2.3823020458221436]
[11.429108619689941]
[0.380769282579422]
[1.5375860929489136]
[1.6067509651184082]
[8.305407524108887]
[0.5394052863121033]
[20.621074676513672]
[1.473201870918274]
[2.733909845352173]
[80.65707397460938]
[0.6952049732208252]
[7.400113582611084]
[37.777645111083984]
[1.1397559642791748]
[0.9640330672264099]
[0.9843758344650269]
[50.09746551513672]
[9.112135887145996]
[1.0705407857894897]
[0.5655443072319031]
[0.019671553745865822]
[0.7017319202423096]
[6.291803359985352]
[2.881573438644409]
[0.013113674707710743]
[2.319657325744629]
[0.4428790211677551]
[13.860547065734863]
[2.88041615486145]
[2.4250032901763916]
[1.6681513786315918]
[0.2785356938838959]
[1.3881323337554932]
[0.49164488911628723]
[4.124504089355469]
[6.235807418823242]
[2.24150013923645]
[2.7916383743286133]
[1.4030760526657104]
[25.053077697753906]
[1.2783210277557373]
[2.360225200653076]
[220.17311096191406]
[76.03510284423828]
[0.4727306365966797]
[1.5525686740875244]
[0.4350969195365906]
[1.5871014595031738]
[2.7772152423858643]
[0.8873714208602905]
[3.490427255630493]
[1.7360970973968506]
[79.10586547851562]
[8.030240058898926]
[1.8840851783752441]
[2.9844510555267334]
[3.0528571605682373]
[2.383524179458618]
[0.8957040309906006]
[0.7478212714195251]
[2.1881415843963623]
[3.4388740062713623]
[0.4584546983242035]
[0.458428293466568]
[1.6297659873962402]
[2.2154884338378906]
[1.931419014930725]
[1.9604414701461792]
[1.3779470920562744]
[1.0692164897918701]
[0.8435045480728149]
[3.147151470184326]
[0.5444390177726746]
[6.324912071228027]
[0.3986903727054596]
[3.0735044479370117]
[3.7095131874084473]
[1.727840542793274]
[1.4199475049972534]
[10.788823127746582]
[0.8378157615661621]
[1.840175747871399]
[64.0310287475586]
[0.3259251117706299]
[1.6447683572769165]
[15.199056625366211]
[3.1856470108032227]
[4.176427841186523]
[0.9583059549331665]
[0.21956001222133636]
[0.6298477053642273]
[0.8190078139305115]
[42.04607391357422]
[1.261124849319458]
[0.3797248601913452]
[4.062250137329102]
[2.0123910903930664]
[0.10525567084550858]
[2.15696120262146]
[4.77863883972168]
[1.7424885034561157]
[2.382145643234253]
[50.3277473449707]
[2.445239543914795]
[0.3467289209365845]
[0.9551692008972168]
[51.99686050415039]
[7.107554912567139]
[96.1128158569336]
[0.6538850665092468]
[1.9330847263336182]
[0.4452672302722931]
[59.454280853271484]
[0.2291409820318222]
[4.37055778503418]
[2.644359827041626]
[1.0986006259918213]
[2.8948731422424316]
[1.4427005052566528]
[4.327401638031006]
[20.181133270263672]
[9.967609405517578]
[0.013286233879625797]
[3.0338122844696045]
[0.7078119516372681]
[62.611873626708984]
[10.397058486938477]
[37.931949615478516]
[1.2722123861312866]
[0.15751102566719055]
[3.353991985321045]
[4.257105827331543]
[1.1586517095565796]
[1.7925761938095093]
[0.03888063505291939]
[1.1159582138061523]
[2.0153326988220215]
[3.1201186180114746]
[3.4480786323547363]
[2.705723762512207]
[0.639854907989502]
[0.6682174801826477]
[1.7834651470184326]
[0.22121581435203552]
[0.18133029341697693]
[1.5640209913253784]
[0.5272037386894226]
[111.98666381835938]
[1.4340260028839111]
[1.3596246242523193]
[25.1546688079834]
[2.6471147537231445]
[29.1344051361084]
[1.0560401678085327]
[2.4910123348236084]
[2.065020799636841]
[37.63127517700195]
[1.325438380241394]
[1.3125512599945068]
[1.0778813362121582]
[1.5762845277786255]
[5.885556697845459]
[0.5329563617706299]
[1.3254913091659546]
[0.745737612247467]
[1.1789772510528564]
[0.8474187254905701]
[0.48083430528640747]
[5.0287580490112305]
[0.2935255169868469]
[8.047706604003906]
[1.86356782913208]
[2.0834310054779053]
[66.45758056640625]
[0.24117028713226318]
[0.40383684635162354]
[8.095037460327148]
[2.2270538806915283]
[52.328182220458984]
[1.174195408821106]
[3.270282030105591]
[43.71800231933594]
[0.5467134714126587]
[0.3304171860218048]
[0.9031333923339844]
[0.4377673268318176]
[40.74076843261719]
[21.199983596801758]
[4.972308158874512]
[5.1813740730285645]
[65.97290802001953]
[1.472682237625122]
[4.854360580444336]
[3.4818880558013916]
[0.1305660605430603]
[1.872388482093811]
[1.4304885864257812]
[1.7147880792617798]
[0.6670395731925964]
[0.9584625363349915]
[0.9183700680732727]
[3.2430922985076904]
[30.3736515045166]
[39.925506591796875]
[5.382626533508301]
[0.2932722568511963]
[0.1924925595521927]
[11.924856185913086]
[4.038265228271484]
[0.9858959913253784]
[211.65570068359375]
[0.12356819957494736]
[17.297916412353516]
[3.7898528575897217]
[3.0792860984802246]
[2.2269093990325928]
[3.08785343170166]
[3.5470573902130127]
[0.022060317918658257]
[56.601436614990234]
[95.4122543334961]
[5.32940673828125]
[1.5216326713562012]
[2.7622714042663574]
[0.5340699553489685]
[1.2604695558547974]
[0.6799744963645935]
[2.64937686920166]
[2.6901979446411133]
[5.940623760223389]
[11.270425796508789]
[0.2895430326461792]
[6.195728778839111]
[0.4242367446422577]
[1.1507208347320557]
[0.07385382056236267]
[175.9643096923828]
[0.36159199476242065]
[3.4111199378967285]
[0.38870835304260254]
[1.4868512153625488]
[8.360182762145996]
[0.6010059118270874]
[0.14719147980213165]
[2.741086959838867]
[24.067895889282227]
[56.45823669433594]
[1.5629217624664307]
[0.6569387316703796]
[3.3284997940063477]
[38.856414794921875]
[0.9119940400123596]
[3.2425436973571777]
[1.9417719841003418]
[0.10382825136184692]
[0.8934266567230225]
[2.828718662261963]
[0.3061729073524475]
[2.823040723800659]
[0.3493103086948395]
[1.1410801410675049]
[0.26712843775749207]
[1.4642093181610107]
[78.49854278564453]
[37.7097053527832]
[9.076216697692871]
[3.1344687938690186]
[0.23052042722702026]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.324492871761322]
[2.2163355350494385]
[0.6266400218009949]
[4.605436325073242]
[23.89095687866211]
[3.9374806880950928]
[0.530229389667511]
[0.15865060687065125]
[0.2584151327610016]
[4.7916340827941895]
[5.050931453704834]
[8.056824684143066]
[50.98820877075195]
[1.1708277463912964]
[4.72869873046875]
[4.126766681671143]
[1.1947789192199707]
[1.6042248010635376]
[2.2818503379821777]
[0.1764352023601532]
[52.8181266784668]
[2.7822234630584717]
[1.8741971254348755]
[23.69007110595703]
[1.295668363571167]
[1.1445765495300293]
[3.389119863510132]
[4.838857650756836]
[0.46215033531188965]
[7.166669845581055]
[1.0032567977905273]
[61.56924819946289]
[0.15355932712554932]
[2.278975009918213]
[55.32005310058594]
[64.43408203125]
[1.9677379131317139]
[3.276146173477173]
[4.867981910705566]
[0.9244731068611145]
[4.654155731201172]
[48.886138916015625]
[5.727358818054199]
[0.7764802575111389]
[42.01051330566406]
[3.3294055461883545]
[3.82889461517334]
[4.387289524078369]
[3.5857436656951904]
[0.08155109733343124]
[2.933626413345337]
[0.30159756541252136]
[5.0137939453125]
[42.255958557128906]
[2.0107786655426025]
[4.3607587814331055]
[5.713263034820557]
[5.273686408996582]
[0.1933497041463852]
[2.240842342376709]
[15.996844291687012]
[27.0095157623291]
[0.5576323866844177]
[0.01871587708592415]
[7.847105026245117]
[2.1098275184631348]
[66.05248260498047]
[38.190155029296875]
[1.5714346170425415]
[5.61209774017334]
[6.529453277587891]
[92.8480453491211]
[11.532693862915039]
[3.448697090148926]
[7.862936496734619]
[56.97441864013672]
[51.73859786987305]
[1.1590769290924072]
[6.168829441070557]
[7.339261531829834]
[0.32645633816719055]
[53.349308013916016]
[0.8806071281433105]
[1.742431640625]
[4.202131271362305]
[2.657992362976074]
[42.61268997192383]
[2.715822458267212]
[0.534130334854126]
[3.586672306060791]
[5.996776103973389]
[0.4936450719833374]
[1.173988699913025]
[1.7461028099060059]
[1.616408348083496]
[1.4264929294586182]
[47.79462432861328]
[0.5100976824760437]
[2.2304232120513916]
[0.47132018208503723]
[3.035865068435669]
[0.06922774761915207]
[12.4904203414917]
[0.33651837706565857]
[65.0942153930664]
[0.3298748731613159]
[0.39447715878486633]
[7.549554347991943]
[0.34800830483436584]
[10.797846794128418]
[1.782460331916809]
[2.7258989810943604]
[8.035584449768066]
[3.504979133605957]
[49.097530364990234]
[3.0498383045196533]
[11.061823844909668]
[3.622385025024414]
[0.27909940481185913]
[0.49512481689453125]
[7.739164352416992]
[67.0833511352539]
[1.8084626197814941]
[4.71060037612915]
[0.9759278893470764]
[4.897794723510742]
[1.0311622619628906]
[12.238434791564941]
[0.6680417060852051]
[1.2502192258834839]
[4.124586582183838]
[1.809278964996338]
[0.3684501349925995]
[1.3028126955032349]
[1.2539021968841553]
[0.35507437586784363]
[7.955738067626953]
[0.3507497310638428]
[1.451466679573059]
[4.364837169647217]
[1.500393033027649]
[0.6924212574958801]
[0.258553147315979]
[4.965316295623779]
[1.92435884475708]
[57.13642501831055]
[0.385528564453125]
[1.0077069997787476]
[3.811713218688965]
[18.8154239654541]
[0.8990810513496399]
[0.25215205550193787]
[0.6387308239936829]
[1.2792807817459106]
[1.548944115638733]
[1.9079126119613647]
[3.800048828125]
[37.28599548339844]
[2.598613977432251]
[0.20094838738441467]
[0.009276575408875942]
[0.9712322950363159]
[0.5801336169242859]
[3.3156368732452393]
[0.19074539840221405]
[3.726193904876709]
[6.350805282592773]
[57.32796859741211]
[4.156209945678711]
[6.188628673553467]
[0.3505459725856781]
[1.0084325075149536]
[54.148780822753906]
[1.6143590211868286]
[0.6423535943031311]
[3.0696845054626465]
[2.649601459503174]
[63.26407241821289]
[4.304164409637451]
[0.46143558621406555]
[0.6168093681335449]
[7.197616100311279]
[4.8668036460876465]
[0.9785469770431519]
[2.4469518661499023]
[3.5162265300750732]
[1.5323699712753296]
[58.268619537353516]
[1.2433290481567383]
[0.921287477016449]
[2.570709228515625]
[1.0615851879119873]
[0.816175639629364]
[0.7915496826171875]
[3.1720006465911865]
[0.2668576240539551]
[0.883645236492157]
[0.7031341791152954]
[10.213423728942871]
[0.2920598089694977]
[0.049672890454530716]
[117.0966567993164]
[2.293271541595459]
[0.8502618670463562]
[1.5351566076278687]
[73.6225814819336]
[2.4073359966278076]
[0.3384273648262024]
[70.67646789550781]
[2.4988245964050293]
[52.313812255859375]
[50.263607025146484]
[2.7221059799194336]
[217.02218627929688]
[0.14278843998908997]
[0.2625685930252075]
[35.90436935424805]
[6.219245433807373]
[3.8823318481445312]
[9.730053901672363]
[0.3552626669406891]
[5.250938892364502]
[0.4800552725791931]
[65.2270278930664]
[2.441401481628418]
[2.0987186431884766]
[10.18214225769043]
[0.8679062724113464]
[0.2234022319316864]
[11.891190528869629]
[3.3094937801361084]
[3.7071802616119385]
[3.32852840423584]
[0.04841630160808563]
[1.1655988693237305]
[2.6842010021209717]
[2.7053487300872803]
[1.424649715423584]
[3.831399917602539]
[0.9570582509040833]
[15.215357780456543]
[2.2234549522399902]
[1.1702574491500854]
[1.599605917930603]
[0.1842934936285019]
[1.4070026874542236]
[55.99429702758789]
[0.2827219069004059]
[0.6912732720375061]
[6.766475677490234]
[2.0748109817504883]
[1.1838070154190063]
[0.30323702096939087]
[1.5121945142745972]
[2.1456849575042725]
[1.8438658714294434]
[2.008087396621704]
[3.0895700454711914]
[193.69427490234375]
[2.150317907333374]
[0.5953323841094971]
[1.280744194984436]
[1.0001177787780762]
[3.617385149002075]
[2.9790844917297363]
[3.881251573562622]
[0.6594208478927612]
[52.91763687133789]
[43.1417350769043]
[7.839478015899658]
[1.3492943048477173]
[3.3415820598602295]
[77.60934448242188]
[1.5479888916015625]
[1.7804299592971802]
[1.0787330865859985]
[0.26257631182670593]
[50.83292007446289]
[2.0401811599731445]
[53.55587387084961]
[4.098271369934082]
[1.8164095878601074]
[0.2138141244649887]
[1.0291329622268677]
[1.8959860801696777]
[6.3169684410095215]
[1.5579872131347656]
[1.2981289625167847]
[3.449552536010742]
[4.044867038726807]
[1.5775777101516724]
[1.5751464366912842]
[5.443429470062256]
[1.2901806831359863]
[2.8606176376342773]
[0.8173101544380188]
[0.011095043271780014]
[45.2336540222168]
[1.706049919128418]
[2.2990405559539795]
[5.322840690612793]
[0.6778836250305176]
[1.6615536212921143]
[1.9530525207519531]
[0.2574824094772339]
[5.4230170249938965]
[0.11542320996522903]
[0.3204514682292938]
[3.0326156616210938]
[1.5368732213974]
[4.300136089324951]
[0.1912677139043808]
[3.7802436351776123]
[0.43397483229637146]
[88.4280776977539]
[2.3444173336029053]
[2.069639205932617]
[1.272577166557312]
[2.104968786239624]
[0.4971252381801605]
[4.249697685241699]
[0.6601462364196777]
[3.758236885070801]
[1.6762243509292603]
[0.7483043670654297]
[1.9270395040512085]
[0.4338977336883545]
[3.2742667198181152]
[30.58246612548828]
[2.544417381286621]
[2.019070863723755]
[1.9898698329925537]
[0.8750920295715332]
[3.667757034301758]
[0.15131059288978577]
[2.4984281063079834]
[1.9913874864578247]
[2.9087417125701904]
[3.4750494956970215]
[0.6253917813301086]
[1.4610096216201782]
[0.020696744322776794]
[0.21197564899921417]
[172.51766967773438]
[1.0483500957489014]
[30.20299530029297]
[2.3884408473968506]
[1.8434981107711792]
[1.730054497718811]
[0.5612966418266296]
[3.795750379562378]
[3.8688831329345703]
[1.0087193250656128]
[0.9975479245185852]
[0.664695143699646]
[0.6712449789047241]
[0.2843851149082184]
[0.5504820942878723]
[1.2687642574310303]
[60.65485763549805]
[1.9452742338180542]
[0.3398166596889496]
[2.854072332382202]
[0.947489321231842]
[3.1478357315063477]
[45.38863754272461]
[3.9018664360046387]
[12.089245796203613]
[1.7157015800476074]
[2.06704044342041]
[1.0815789699554443]
[0.315486878156662]
[3.084731101989746]
[1.6433916091918945]
[0.02921351045370102]
[0.4416083097457886]
[0.9056941270828247]
[0.27436643838882446]
[41.32004928588867]
[0.45418548583984375]
[0.5848967432975769]
[0.3510569632053375]
[0.5516761541366577]
[0.31844231486320496]
[1.111110806465149]
[2.2969295978546143]
[28.96148109436035]
[2.268085241317749]
[5.035144805908203]
[1.0527266263961792]
[2.6996896266937256]
[69.94329833984375]
[3.8937909603118896]
[0.276910662651062]
[3.6216442584991455]
[4.57578182220459]
[3.7815353870391846]
[0.229756698012352]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.2169904708862305]
[1.9468055963516235]
[0.24732454121112823]
[0.20188400149345398]
[2.362642526626587]
[24.332141876220703]
[2.0452539920806885]
[0.5124956369400024]
[9.987792015075684]
[87.36764526367188]
[2.3254430294036865]
[0.5061048269271851]
[4.302259922027588]
[51.00346755981445]
[0.2614864408969879]
[6.984170436859131]
[0.23523643612861633]
[0.4948655664920807]
[15.363826751708984]
[1.0732753276824951]
[1.047106146812439]
[2.8112823963165283]
[0.6484377980232239]
[3.7693285942077637]
[0.23228983581066132]
[4.723644733428955]
[1.1784104108810425]
[0.19358566403388977]
[2.091015577316284]
[1.197826623916626]
[0.24470846354961395]
[2.713836431503296]
[2.7762463092803955]
[1.5334997177124023]
[2.5138051509857178]
[1.7577415704727173]
[0.13597477972507477]
[0.3971706032752991]
[0.4013384282588959]
[1.4395480155944824]
[1.9430426359176636]
[3.5617313385009766]
[1.4520183801651]
[0.5718410015106201]
[0.5925002098083496]
[0.6930209994316101]
[0.0609448067843914]
[162.7449493408203]
[2.63637638092041]
[0.8102378249168396]
[0.3655369281768799]
[1.496679663658142]
[14.918609619140625]
[0.9662660360336304]
[3.152771234512329]
[3.660429000854492]
[0.7319087982177734]
[2.9219088554382324]
[1.3196204900741577]
[56.43617248535156]
[2.4083783626556396]
[1.7910723686218262]
[57.652198791503906]
[1.0182900428771973]
[51.81809997558594]
[0.38214111328125]
[0.7879910469055176]
[4.932835578918457]
[0.11540626734495163]
[0.3043869137763977]
[0.23319612443447113]
[1.6282655000686646]
[0.21509526669979095]
[0.08268072456121445]
[0.8917390704154968]
[0.6538134813308716]
[7.598286151885986]
[2.481180191040039]
[2.196169853210449]
[0.17930106818675995]
[3.378293752670288]
[40.73649597167969]
[0.012595522217452526]
[0.7957611680030823]
[43.89547348022461]
[1.783331274986267]
[1.2530726194381714]
[1.8943554162979126]
[3.885392665863037]
[7.5010905265808105]
[3.2799572944641113]
[1.2156182527542114]
[3.5368423461914062]
[2.886411190032959]
[0.20401635766029358]
[0.29889577627182007]
[1.3932883739471436]
[1.0367871522903442]
[2.467580556869507]
[3.8110687732696533]
[1.6953800916671753]
[0.25446024537086487]
[0.24092121422290802]
[0.3311070501804352]
[0.8904610276222229]
[10.333369255065918]
[2.304689884185791]
[13.283870697021484]
[96.57170867919922]
[0.7645564079284668]
[2.9560787677764893]
[57.307395935058594]
[0.2917785942554474]
[52.859676361083984]
[0.5035868287086487]
[21.386499404907227]
[2.448143482208252]
[11.001690864562988]
[0.1876571625471115]
[1.2739332914352417]
[5.023402214050293]
[3.4018585681915283]
[3.5522959232330322]
[0.1936214417219162]
[3.4022350311279297]
[92.42445373535156]
[3.4666194915771484]
[1.4467227458953857]
[1.1631039381027222]
[0.18446137011051178]
[3.7705576419830322]
[2.896225690841675]
[3.6239914894104004]
[1.9215806722640991]
[5.410402774810791]
[1.8615901470184326]
[1.2781176567077637]
[5.61721658706665]
[146.3043975830078]
[1.1218048334121704]
[2.7109029293060303]
[3.535754919052124]
[0.7513710856437683]
[3.0604546070098877]
[2.1074180603027344]
[0.3262503147125244]
[1.0843265056610107]
[1.499202013015747]
[2.261152744293213]
[1.2158663272857666]
[1.188183307647705]
[1.2521138191223145]
[0.25972995162010193]
[0.5641466379165649]
[1.7427363395690918]
[205.0531463623047]
[1.8630443811416626]
[3.2208147048950195]
[3.9298598766326904]
[0.3968009054660797]
[0.7752001881599426]
[0.877743661403656]
[6.231549263000488]
[0.1997108906507492]
[8.609516143798828]
[0.8068745136260986]
[3.709641456604004]
[6.266538619995117]
[1.4082345962524414]
[17.626319885253906]
[6.717163562774658]
[0.45548734068870544]
[44.36793899536133]
[0.5423911809921265]
[0.7533583045005798]
[56.977638244628906]
[1.032432198524475]
[0.07084644585847855]
[20.546897888183594]
[2.4457976818084717]
[3.9529178142547607]
[2.7611331939697266]
[5.72592830657959]
[1.8515321016311646]
[4.109804153442383]
[4.0409770011901855]
[10.07313060760498]
[0.4754522740840912]
[0.4645631015300751]
[0.4498843252658844]
[2.3523616790771484]
[0.8602254986763]
[0.2817632555961609]
[0.7377264499664307]
[0.1699962466955185]
[2.5710434913635254]
[49.71121597290039]
[31.502511978149414]
[3.9936087131500244]
[53.34837341308594]
[0.07234659790992737]
[4.369731426239014]
[0.9498712420463562]
[139.21160888671875]
[1.2014515399932861]
[1.2890257835388184]
[1.5090757608413696]
[2.019407272338867]
[2.020571231842041]
[2.7785491943359375]
[5.46335506439209]
[0.9735107421875]
[3.099856376647949]
[0.9537062048912048]
[40.75544738769531]
[3.4241678714752197]
[0.25297895073890686]
[4.847679615020752]
[32.296077728271484]
[5.43673038482666]
[0.8081926703453064]
[2.0420291423797607]
[0.2700628936290741]
[1.200538158416748]
[1.962324857711792]
[3.7672927379608154]
[2.025596857070923]
[52.41746520996094]
[4.425456523895264]
[2.1719024181365967]
[0.6049807071685791]
[221.69580078125]
[4.410283088684082]
[4.262537956237793]
[3.7779879570007324]
[0.29046812653541565]
[0.7910102009773254]
[4.408849716186523]
[0.5376274585723877]
[19.331287384033203]
[0.577162504196167]
[0.054425522685050964]
[2.102370500564575]
[2.797569513320923]
[4.968346118927002]
[3.036372661590576]
[66.2333755493164]
[4.377100944519043]
[0.366786390542984]
[0.748137354850769]
[0.30375149846076965]
[0.994697093963623]
[0.3173070549964905]
[2.6928491592407227]
[2.8627398014068604]
[0.7178298830986023]
[3.945669174194336]
[51.235679626464844]
[2.4690613746643066]
[2.6533167362213135]
[15.290209770202637]
[0.2956830561161041]
[1.1125643253326416]
[0.243402898311615]
[0.6753810048103333]
[1.4366949796676636]
[58.09477233886719]
[1.3465583324432373]
[0.5437880754470825]
[77.67060852050781]
[2.0046417713165283]
[4.175678253173828]
[4.203921794891357]
[6.805342197418213]
[0.6222999095916748]
[0.6163366436958313]
[1.858149528503418]
[0.2995224893093109]
[0.6065772175788879]
[1.4318827390670776]
[2.125272750854492]
[2.1052095890045166]
[0.4182412624359131]
[0.9865991473197937]
[4.615599632263184]
[1.6676961183547974]
[3.0423126220703125]
[4.479349136352539]
[2.6640465259552]
[60.11308670043945]
[0.5892221927642822]
[2.6335039138793945]
[1.8347581624984741]
[1.5128294229507446]
[6.377896308898926]
[57.94065475463867]
[3.0364692211151123]
[0.040716614574193954]
[0.3788374364376068]
[2.159721851348877]
[2.7577462196350098]
[0.16953013837337494]
[2.281182050704956]
[3.760310649871826]
[3.0803933143615723]
[92.24344635009766]
[4.937450408935547]
[0.615225076675415]
[0.02350430004298687]
[0.3199012279510498]
[1.1902872323989868]
[0.5762619376182556]
[0.03133949637413025]
[1.0971689224243164]
[60.36164093017578]
[0.1955416351556778]
[8.32274341583252]
[114.88603210449219]
[2.1767725944519043]
[0.4661835730075836]
[2.300419569015503]
[7.883841037750244]
[0.5272376537322998]
[0.5349441766738892]
[0.7347771525382996]
[0.6283562183380127]
[3.8097219467163086]
[2.7599802017211914]
[1.685928225517273]
[1.4394402503967285]
[1.2171261310577393]
[2.2529098987579346]
[2.2702810764312744]
[0.9277969598770142]
[2.042902946472168]
[4.210088729858398]
[0.3950381577014923]
[1.1386550664901733]
[2.0858001708984375]
[0.5625109076499939]
[0.7024190425872803]
[0.5143224000930786]
[81.83238983154297]
[0.18025492131710052]
[0.6228260397911072]
[1.9933342933654785]
[1.533890724182129]
[4.328552722930908]
[2.284450054168701]
[1.5016039609909058]
[1.7762222290039062]
[2.8675050735473633]
[0.45333579182624817]
[97.38800048828125]
[0.7446589469909668]
[0.43273666501045227]
[0.20209109783172607]
[56.04701614379883]
[0.02539696730673313]
[0.7539874911308289]
[6.109083652496338]
[1.687922477722168]
[0.8943822383880615]
[1.1865791082382202]
[15.392821311950684]
[3.8553307056427]
[6.593530178070068]
[4.962512969970703]
[1.051977276802063]
[1.5542885065078735]
[1.1487550735473633]
[3.3544857501983643]
[0.8991618156433105]
[0.2138124257326126]
[1.5883755683898926]
[1.3408111333847046]
[2.4417786598205566]
[99.09143829345703]
[0.48591533303260803]
[0.6862420439720154]
[67.77749633789062]
[0.7796154618263245]
[14.189452171325684]
[3.086726188659668]
[11.0300874710083]
[0.20255592465400696]
[99.17933654785156]
[1.4544601440429688]
[66.18592071533203]
[0.7197428345680237]
[12.755249977111816]
[0.21573993563652039]
[6.33847188949585]
[0.32750022411346436]
[2.2566542625427246]
[1.6758877038955688]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.14481163024902344]
[0.2578207552433014]
[0.4507710635662079]
[5.181107997894287]
[16.83460235595703]
[43.2429084777832]
[1.8320525884628296]
[1.9232326745986938]
[0.6291348338127136]
[1.9742907285690308]
[1.512977123260498]
[58.744380950927734]
[0.2077161967754364]
[4.6784749031066895]
[0.7310660481452942]
[1.8978909254074097]
[4.393528938293457]
[4.96331262588501]
[0.42171385884284973]
[0.7064163088798523]
[0.295808345079422]
[1.2615714073181152]
[0.6040133833885193]
[0.72760009765625]
[1.3827695846557617]
[1.2292648553848267]
[1.8650342226028442]
[178.9622802734375]
[2.4916810989379883]
[0.033304113894701004]
[3.816209077835083]
[1.7646960020065308]
[2.830429792404175]
[59.17857360839844]
[56.413368225097656]
[0.16759465634822845]
[0.619391143321991]
[6.409863471984863]
[1.148949146270752]
[0.2668926417827606]
[6.500403881072998]
[3.0817737579345703]
[3.860971450805664]
[10.225704193115234]
[6.082608222961426]
[2.2561347484588623]
[0.47486618161201477]
[1.3004940748214722]
[54.75343322753906]
[3.4966089725494385]
[0.15511684119701385]
[0.4829157888889313]
[9.56944465637207]
[38.6055793762207]
[2.5056378841400146]
[3.3021488189697266]
[22.003530502319336]
[0.1818617433309555]
[0.9512397050857544]
[9.02800464630127]
[1.1990418434143066]
[0.770810604095459]
[0.2886093854904175]
[1.852963924407959]
[0.15985380113124847]
[65.95996856689453]
[3.783867835998535]
[0.21625825762748718]
[1.6465779542922974]
[3.8515658378601074]
[1.2042938470840454]
[1.2156383991241455]
[3.1782987117767334]
[0.458591103553772]
[1.97994065284729]
[0.6241873502731323]
[0.19431452453136444]
[2.1841485500335693]
[1.3974199295043945]
[0.8117405772209167]
[0.6680099368095398]
[1.5687998533248901]
[145.49301147460938]
[7.037599563598633]
[0.9886142611503601]
[0.56370609998703]
[2.3059322834014893]
[3.9304137229919434]
[1.6683197021484375]
[1.0797046422958374]
[0.4426908791065216]
[0.3191227614879608]
[0.17411430180072784]
[3.1738405227661133]
[0.4184236228466034]
[13.027551651000977]
[2.313061237335205]
[55.072837829589844]
[1.7254284620285034]
[2.856985569000244]
[0.16046065092086792]
[2.943638801574707]
[2.4778425693511963]
[1.3334208726882935]
[11.49819564819336]
[0.4239671230316162]
[0.8310457468032837]
[13.818018913269043]
[62.578582763671875]
[91.1473617553711]
[0.777915894985199]
[7.846653938293457]
[1.0660223960876465]
[0.1569560170173645]
[4.483645439147949]
[1.1361699104309082]
[9.431685447692871]
[21.4685115814209]
[0.17055213451385498]
[0.1801874339580536]
[5.368509292602539]
[15.922679901123047]
[0.408353716135025]
[0.49324852228164673]
[0.18994460999965668]
[2.2651407718658447]
[52.936771392822266]
[4.020536422729492]
[4.795160293579102]
[0.1406746655702591]
[2.503272771835327]
[3.5425872802734375]
[0.390852689743042]
[2.1324143409729004]
[1.2634981870651245]
[1.7841339111328125]
[1.662988305091858]
[7.0651068687438965]
[3.317491054534912]
[0.4811458885669708]
[10.219362258911133]
[0.678692102432251]
[4.779651641845703]
[58.41276931762695]
[2.3651843070983887]
[0.9977874159812927]
[0.3668362498283386]
[6.3987812995910645]
[0.20301492512226105]
[0.5232132077217102]
[0.43092143535614014]
[0.5889251232147217]
[90.30899047851562]
[0.19768887758255005]
[2.2550840377807617]
[0.26361191272735596]
[2.9773683547973633]
[53.4888801574707]
[28.152891159057617]
[2.81900691986084]
[2.422295093536377]
[0.6419628262519836]
[9.20647144317627]
[3.5483005046844482]
[0.5712456703186035]
[47.781715393066406]
[0.957876443862915]
[1.0343683958053589]
[0.17011384665966034]
[1.4890732765197754]
[0.921436607837677]
[0.9992218017578125]
[0.36860138177871704]
[4.035740375518799]
[1.0012041330337524]
[5.484584808349609]
[61.1639518737793]
[0.18332421779632568]
[7.919461727142334]
[0.17061206698417664]
[0.14869056642055511]
[1.3074820041656494]
[0.15436023473739624]
[4.047125816345215]
[1.0929981470108032]
[1.6960194110870361]
[46.72352600097656]
[1.4974244832992554]
[0.9979016184806824]
[217.19500732421875]
[3.2578539848327637]
[0.15881285071372986]
[6.517619609832764]
[1.02926766872406]
[0.22633254528045654]
[0.3613010346889496]
[5.501739025115967]
[4.194958686828613]
[2.531949758529663]
[2.548006296157837]
[2.2610127925872803]
[2.4380364418029785]
[82.2728042602539]
[47.8809814453125]
[0.5509833693504333]
[101.20552062988281]
[1.9172481298446655]
[2.3582019805908203]
[3.525696039199829]
[4.2741594314575195]
[0.014561743475496769]
[0.08421936631202698]
[0.5383521914482117]
[220.6366729736328]
[2.0267655849456787]
[2.8319976329803467]
[4.336971759796143]
[13.379019737243652]
[0.6347551941871643]
[4.445731163024902]
[1.0680781602859497]
[4.218510150909424]
[0.6138076186180115]
[4.184535026550293]
[2.665609121322632]
[0.8794779777526855]
[2.135232448577881]
[2.680682897567749]
[2.8480188846588135]
[2.191718101501465]
[1.0190908908843994]
[0.8777918219566345]
[0.4279334247112274]
[1.2520102262496948]
[0.5832403898239136]
[1.3985567092895508]
[2.8362293243408203]
[1.889066219329834]
[3.378216028213501]
[3.024864435195923]
[51.36492156982422]
[1.0137044191360474]
[103.98046875]
[3.5759482383728027]
[0.8237940073013306]
[1.2419497966766357]
[2.895881414413452]
[1.7698713541030884]
[9.203956604003906]
[2.641232967376709]
[76.65875244140625]
[7.249675273895264]
[0.7536333203315735]
[2.5503149032592773]
[0.6720883250236511]
[6.842952251434326]
[4.122420787811279]
[1.3070571422576904]
[17.632217407226562]
[2.1462440490722656]
[55.0238037109375]
[1.77581787109375]
[0.4494246244430542]
[0.4285512864589691]
[0.21878959238529205]
[2.3975789546966553]
[5.071774959564209]
[0.620326578617096]
[3.302370071411133]
[5.454713344573975]
[14.721744537353516]
[0.8446782827377319]
[2.012646436691284]
[816.3764038085938]
[157.46859741210938]
[0.9463047981262207]
[116.27510833740234]
[12.881019592285156]
[0.7362943291664124]
[12.309825897216797]
[0.8332737684249878]
[9.793819427490234]
[11.164493560791016]
[1.2834843397140503]
[78.44696044921875]
[2.1996548175811768]
[7.726412296295166]
[5.802536487579346]
[0.8143898248672485]
[187.63352966308594]
[1.6715290546417236]
[6.876353740692139]
[4.312345027923584]
[4.327527046203613]
[98.54415130615234]
[8.715370178222656]
[2.997852087020874]
[7.7268548011779785]
[8.602884292602539]
[1.6506003141403198]
[8.333224296569824]
[0.9903908371925354]
[3.094513177871704]
[10.927689552307129]
[6.670446395874023]
[5.910197734832764]
[6.3729472160339355]
[0.6310082077980042]
[46.406036376953125]
[2.08260440826416]
[5.177048206329346]
[47.0665168762207]
[9.31063461303711]
[32.090335845947266]
[2.812635898590088]
[0.9026633501052856]
[3.208176612854004]
[0.49498507380485535]
[90.60135650634766]
[0.22419773042201996]
[2.58595609664917]
[0.1045772135257721]
[0.6175599694252014]
[45.18179702758789]
[58.21170425415039]
[0.42254626750946045]
[0.8725406527519226]
[0.4954597055912018]
[39.58259582519531]
[0.3714441955089569]
[7.114066123962402]
[0.629737138748169]
[3.2440807819366455]
[0.9617213606834412]
[5.447077751159668]
[9.7673921585083]
[0.24703681468963623]
[0.7181600332260132]
[61.353309631347656]
[6.192413806915283]
[191.17384338378906]
[40.83074188232422]
[1.0481265783309937]
[0.9957898855209351]
[0.34603744745254517]
[3.2584917545318604]
[0.41546860337257385]
[0.9272828102111816]
[10.392094612121582]
[4.099530220031738]
[0.40547215938568115]
[56.14152908325195]
[2.791402578353882]
[8.287603378295898]
[4.161968231201172]
[3.2778513431549072]
[25.024826049804688]
[2.2032365798950195]
[10.980783462524414]
[6.535454750061035]
[9.911829948425293]
[5.476034164428711]
[52.043174743652344]
[0.48160991072654724]
[4.7995805740356445]
[3.5931992530822754]
[2.9433059692382812]
[0.34729835391044617]
[11.111946105957031]
[2.5706405639648438]
[12.271903038024902]
[2.2035746574401855]
[2.3951828479766846]
[0.31712350249290466]
[0.9242477416992188]
[0.27530980110168457]
[3.419255018234253]
[3.218487024307251]
[0.3262626528739929]
[0.22616848349571228]
[1.116215705871582]
[8.684402465820312]
[0.8964307904243469]
[13.518389701843262]
[1.050226092338562]
[3.2012102603912354]
[3.964425563812256]
[0.287736713886261]
[51.278770446777344]
[1.6099270582199097]
[1.012852668762207]
[79.7470474243164]
[23.614294052124023]
[1.2696847915649414]
[1.480467677116394]
[1.3795900344848633]
[0.5320685505867004]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.5292222499847412]
[2.1586201190948486]
[5.279003143310547]
[4.617529392242432]
[2.5458929538726807]
[6.712362766265869]
[0.24342618882656097]
[1.720047950744629]
[45.07508850097656]
[5.674001693725586]
[55.08332824707031]
[1.5309985876083374]
[1.5120782852172852]
[4.6943464279174805]
[2.0190589427948]
[0.5059933662414551]
[0.3877605199813843]
[28.635602951049805]
[4.032362461090088]
[1.173926830291748]
[0.631723940372467]
[2.151108741760254]
[3.664043664932251]
[1.9854573011398315]
[5.505517959594727]
[1.286718487739563]
[3.5307979583740234]
[2.2170140743255615]
[0.4159180521965027]
[2.0749361515045166]
[1.730221152305603]
[50.900230407714844]
[3.2939047813415527]
[2.0039663314819336]
[0.2743617296218872]
[0.7946401238441467]
[3.2714321613311768]
[1.4478895664215088]
[1.3407375812530518]
[3.523843288421631]
[1.5016671419143677]
[2.472970962524414]
[62.00522994995117]
[1.9705554246902466]
[0.779207170009613]
[53.34538269042969]
[0.4828871488571167]
[4.147650241851807]
[0.4021517038345337]
[2.4047200679779053]
[4.395611763000488]
[2.9882071018218994]
[1.7809855937957764]
[1.6448689699172974]
[1.1202187538146973]
[0.422132670879364]
[3.8236420154571533]
[1.9052093029022217]
[1.560056447982788]
[0.6716468930244446]
[0.019664017483592033]
[142.1691436767578]
[1.162215232849121]
[1.6294249296188354]
[58.7832145690918]
[0.08866160362958908]
[0.5728392601013184]
[0.8207599520683289]
[1.598944902420044]
[3.94073486328125]
[2.590824842453003]
[1.9114457368850708]
[2.1324942111968994]
[4.285653591156006]
[2.682835102081299]
[56.38468933105469]
[53.50877380371094]
[3.2302544116973877]
[27.30072784423828]
[0.3614233434200287]
[0.0901581272482872]
[3.274454355239868]
[3.631955862045288]
[0.2819155752658844]
[20.09178924560547]
[82.28839874267578]
[0.14655230939388275]
[0.6851547360420227]
[0.22546985745429993]
[1.984041452407837]
[0.22277531027793884]
[0.8871331214904785]
[1.3387670516967773]
[1.4295713901519775]
[1.8897192478179932]
[0.5215402841567993]
[83.69642639160156]
[4.129531383514404]
[6.208117485046387]
[5.5382585525512695]
[3.2282485961914062]
[58.99992752075195]
[10.671734809875488]
[2.927083969116211]
[5.681206226348877]
[1.0709260702133179]
[2.310352087020874]
[10.913579940795898]
[6.567744255065918]
[1.401801586151123]
[2.8854610919952393]
[1.2668681144714355]
[1.0980620384216309]
[2.9425885677337646]
[1.1772923469543457]
[1.6797881126403809]
[3.68971586227417]
[11.696425437927246]
[5.945247650146484]
[2.473475456237793]
[6.883293628692627]
[67.06404876708984]
[1.3822953701019287]
[0.07644548267126083]
[1.0062756538391113]
[1.9067435264587402]
[0.3124745488166809]
[0.4886256158351898]
[54.19646453857422]
[136.93312072753906]
[0.3075212240219116]
[0.36243751645088196]
[0.10895882546901703]
[3.6551332473754883]
[1.914806842803955]
[1.790286660194397]
[0.44252073764801025]
[53.444705963134766]
[0.672874391078949]
[0.47893932461738586]
[0.43434303998947144]
[0.7634514570236206]
[3.9145071506500244]
[0.26562127470970154]
[1.444590449333191]
[1.983235478401184]
[48.79254913330078]
[200.6584014892578]
[2.3412744998931885]
[33.31698989868164]
[1.5430070161819458]
[0.492605060338974]
[7.851769924163818]
[2.576881170272827]
[4.553483486175537]
[6.838272571563721]
[5.606678485870361]
[0.9426624178886414]
[2.2445995807647705]
[1.3367799520492554]
[2.118490695953369]
[0.6321160197257996]
[5.539294242858887]
[8.923981666564941]
[2.2312698364257812]
[69.80496978759766]
[5.509507656097412]
[4.251877307891846]
[0.3463415801525116]
[87.57803344726562]
[295.1001281738281]
[0.5616257786750793]
[2.3295159339904785]
[5.117738723754883]
[0.9685626029968262]
[8.781749725341797]
[4.569659233093262]
[5.348699569702148]
[4.6853837966918945]
[99.99710083007812]
[0.5520761609077454]
[33.59056854248047]
[8.986742973327637]
[2.3741254806518555]
[5.1243133544921875]
[3.0135488510131836]
[49.280181884765625]
[4.232759475708008]
[5.005591869354248]
[1.3366793394088745]
[5.3317413330078125]
[3.4173812866210938]
[3.648832082748413]
[59.87320327758789]
[0.24263231456279755]
[0.5600935220718384]
[2.666041374206543]
[0.8054525256156921]
[0.4453331232070923]
[3.3105521202087402]
[3.3305554389953613]
[1.3247891664505005]
[0.21015624701976776]
[0.3289269208908081]
[1.639135479927063]
[0.024678315967321396]
[1.0922884941101074]
[0.8968039751052856]
[0.9930103421211243]
[3.463735342025757]
[3.8272461891174316]
[54.0916633605957]
[0.041001096367836]
[3.886469841003418]
[2.9639432430267334]
[0.34602585434913635]
[1.776404857635498]
[1.1244145631790161]
[78.99099731445312]
[0.9958630204200745]
[0.9471508860588074]
[0.3633340895175934]
[0.5732272863388062]
[0.45117881894111633]
[0.4729540944099426]
[1.3975812196731567]
[0.6979600787162781]
[0.7449226379394531]
[2.0840816497802734]
[0.3786465525627136]
[2.4156453609466553]
[2.2979207038879395]
[1.086368203163147]
[170.88409423828125]
[1.72584867477417]
[0.538706362247467]
[0.3866909444332123]
[0.2885306477546692]
[1.0407226085662842]
[6.437112331390381]
[35.444190979003906]
[0.9352294206619263]
[52.313812255859375]
[2.0103607177734375]
[2.3525280952453613]
[5.160160064697266]
[0.5884119868278503]
[3.420203924179077]
[0.7466720342636108]
[1.7765017747879028]
[1.3826186656951904]
[1.2604199647903442]
[0.7741424441337585]
[0.4803217649459839]
[4.690755367279053]
[1.735162615776062]
[0.3312748968601227]
[1.0915734767913818]
[1.9168422222137451]
[1.6667861938476562]
[0.16861478984355927]
[14.937233924865723]
[1.2413042783737183]
[0.29026979207992554]
[89.32598876953125]
[0.5092706680297852]
[1.1458297967910767]
[0.2642921507358551]
[2.0722882747650146]
[0.3471655547618866]
[0.6975595355033875]
[75.38013458251953]
[1.5130306482315063]
[0.443161278963089]
[170.2860870361328]
[1.7478611469268799]
[1.9423199892044067]
[3.198417901992798]
[0.3231675326824188]
[17.252267837524414]
[1.3073434829711914]
[52.56171798706055]
[2.171370506286621]
[1.4013121128082275]
[4.365633964538574]
[0.5145865678787231]
[4.494167327880859]
[4.367803573608398]
[0.09008342772722244]
[2.438183307647705]
[0.3908460736274719]
[6.151461601257324]
[1.380545973777771]
[19.392080307006836]
[99.35713195800781]
[0.3941444456577301]
[0.9565977454185486]
[38.31407165527344]
[11.690936088562012]
[0.2491704523563385]
[0.5877091288566589]
[5.3895745277404785]
[0.6558791995048523]
[13.063238143920898]
[4.012430191040039]
[9.584010124206543]
[2.308537006378174]
[3.801790475845337]
[5.763216018676758]
[0.5064254999160767]
[1.2939774990081787]
[120.33036804199219]
[0.44812285900115967]
[1.8947691917419434]
[5.204663276672363]
[0.43357086181640625]
[1.818699598312378]
[9.054802894592285]
[0.5069873929023743]
[5.998354434967041]
[7.092799186706543]
[2.161506414413452]
[58.49892044067383]
[0.6709875464439392]
[2.07755446434021]
[5.754693508148193]
[55.409690856933594]
[1.1306748390197754]
[0.4410012364387512]
[0.03815150633454323]
[0.0302846971899271]
[0.6971471309661865]
[1.1643166542053223]
[0.4334297180175781]
[1.111831784248352]
[0.986265242099762]
[1.8215124607086182]
[74.73530578613281]
[0.25867727398872375]
[0.5067597031593323]
[149.37136840820312]
[11.600050926208496]
[1.0531481504440308]
[2.441427707672119]
[0.044140204787254333]
[5.582879543304443]
[0.8842247724533081]
[13.862652778625488]
[0.05739709362387657]
[1.4765098094940186]
[0.781880259513855]
[60.27741622924805]
[4.233565807342529]
[1.3724617958068848]
[2.0119552612304688]
[1.3655860424041748]
[0.6984981298446655]
[0.042856570333242416]
[14.230472564697266]
[1.0716899633407593]
[59.17449188232422]
[1.3470871448516846]
[93.05155944824219]
[3.226609468460083]
[13.463327407836914]
[1.5637415647506714]
[0.250021755695343]
[0.6834514141082764]
[6.647815704345703]
[0.6825134754180908]
[0.5648252367973328]
[0.7544630169868469]
[1.6046137809753418]
[102.7149429321289]
[12.510432243347168]
[9.239374160766602]
[0.6559883952140808]
[0.028687912970781326]
[1.9913886785507202]
[3.110921621322632]
[1.5977810621261597]
[1.0396826267242432]
[0.5405892729759216]
[1.3842473030090332]
[32.003299713134766]
[0.5698168277740479]
[0.03973713517189026]
[76.04226684570312]
[2.8064026832580566]
[0.4408600628376007]
[2.6683449745178223]
[0.04125787690281868]
[46.74583053588867]
[0.6027681231498718]
[4.369836330413818]
[2.852177619934082]
[16.60466766357422]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.2484942078590393]
[0.28885123133659363]
[2.4638185501098633]
[3.9329988956451416]
[0.4093568027019501]
[0.39128074049949646]
[1.6633856296539307]
[0.2986074984073639]
[4.663011074066162]
[0.38110920786857605]
[1.6619640588760376]
[11.312335968017578]
[0.4069344699382782]
[4.428153991699219]
[188.0312957763672]
[3.5641720294952393]
[0.3671855032444]
[51.706329345703125]
[6.087972640991211]
[1.7484838962554932]
[0.5960668325424194]
[4.358806610107422]
[0.3254024386405945]
[2.987327814102173]
[1.5533398389816284]
[0.9858267903327942]
[40.967281341552734]
[2.9164998531341553]
[60.531333923339844]
[0.5971815586090088]
[0.8456337451934814]
[1.361029863357544]
[0.30307304859161377]
[0.9368179440498352]
[52.638343811035156]
[2.231297254562378]
[53.74626541137695]
[2.741878032684326]
[1.5571857690811157]
[2.3378772735595703]
[0.17181089520454407]
[3.6255457401275635]
[0.1908862441778183]
[3.6560797691345215]
[8.525426864624023]
[2.336547613143921]
[2.0582735538482666]
[2.2407915592193604]
[4.696392059326172]
[1.8637455701828003]
[3.7464537620544434]
[2.022026300430298]
[0.17108482122421265]
[0.0070426627062261105]
[3.248518943786621]
[0.18036173284053802]
[1.805894136428833]
[2.3328378200531006]
[1.514559268951416]
[0.23972032964229584]
[5.139230251312256]
[0.1781415492296219]
[0.9001894593238831]
[28.683273315429688]
[1.1716623306274414]
[56.21641540527344]
[16.208301544189453]
[0.2951186001300812]
[14.884346961975098]
[18.28095817565918]
[1.9004292488098145]
[0.20433270931243896]
[0.2214788794517517]
[7.067572593688965]
[1.1591275930404663]
[0.025009598582983017]
[0.13669976592063904]
[0.4379599094390869]
[9.560571670532227]
[2.404658794403076]
[1.0273452997207642]
[0.23104414343833923]
[1.588788628578186]
[0.03524022921919823]
[0.6386955976486206]
[4.70347261428833]
[1.5656248331069946]
[1.8979318141937256]
[0.13387665152549744]
[4.746301651000977]
[1.3963545560836792]
[0.38333290815353394]
[1.0944827795028687]
[0.6021517515182495]
[0.5078651309013367]
[0.49854815006256104]
[0.48984092473983765]
[54.54989242553711]
[3.00114107131958]
[0.21174569427967072]
[2.847358465194702]
[4.409280300140381]
[0.1757759153842926]
[2.710658311843872]
[0.20907148718833923]
[0.5579730272293091]
[0.17508819699287415]
[7.797730922698975]
[0.9353876709938049]
[0.6604922413825989]
[80.73504638671875]
[0.4790806174278259]
[6.2772603034973145]
[0.13421618938446045]
[0.5068483352661133]
[1.0069785118103027]
[2.307077169418335]
[0.01998233050107956]
[3.1959073543548584]
[0.48053333163261414]
[0.3289075791835785]
[0.022221699357032776]
[1.3412504196166992]
[17.866714477539062]
[4.373950481414795]
[0.010127294808626175]
[0.9241975545883179]
[0.46807655692100525]
[2.726486921310425]
[50.807498931884766]
[0.6612328886985779]
[1.3548811674118042]
[0.27544865012168884]
[2.6118533611297607]
[0.679124116897583]
[119.95346069335938]
[0.5112525224685669]
[4.670319557189941]
[1.9333124160766602]
[0.7048274278640747]
[2.2337775230407715]
[54.1512451171875]
[2.048142433166504]
[0.3735608160495758]
[11.208669662475586]
[0.3188246786594391]
[1.5800180435180664]
[1.0845705270767212]
[6.468747138977051]
[5.615634918212891]
[1.0321537256240845]
[26.57806968688965]
[7.6575446128845215]
[0.46890103816986084]
[0.24199730157852173]
[6.655620098114014]
[1.2086430788040161]
[12.206887245178223]
[2.6057562828063965]
[2.145015001296997]
[1.7938826084136963]
[185.9135284423828]
[76.38219451904297]
[51.94429016113281]
[0.26018133759498596]
[1.0813379287719727]
[3.8159537315368652]
[0.9098507761955261]
[8.407134056091309]
[1.1412583589553833]
[1.0207326412200928]
[1.7465356588363647]
[60.48274230957031]
[0.2802746295928955]
[4.576878547668457]
[47.556304931640625]
[2.4454450607299805]
[56.780311584472656]
[1.5521966218948364]
[7.424111366271973]
[9.40290641784668]
[1.3793259859085083]
[2.4529221057891846]
[0.46991732716560364]
[194.50880432128906]
[4.506260395050049]
[7.334904193878174]
[3.042034387588501]
[0.5213648676872253]
[227.30792236328125]
[1.7064257860183716]
[0.5508109331130981]
[0.18192657828330994]
[4.766043186187744]
[3.1407558917999268]
[82.42678833007812]
[73.22123718261719]
[1.7875176668167114]
[0.5353178977966309]
[68.54527282714844]
[0.8971677422523499]
[2.7485625743865967]
[1.1990330219268799]
[4.6539626121521]
[2.014979362487793]
[0.5287189483642578]
[4.115567684173584]
[6.731316089630127]
[0.018650459125638008]
[0.534950852394104]
[1.0126930475234985]
[6.629741191864014]
[3.7420663833618164]
[2.688746929168701]
[51.79726028442383]
[0.7828511595726013]
[0.5530497431755066]
[1.0564322471618652]
[13.226719856262207]
[0.4878086447715759]
[2.0611624717712402]
[3.115427017211914]
[75.61653900146484]
[1.1595125198364258]
[152.6820068359375]
[3.7941102981567383]
[0.17874032258987427]
[9.441300392150879]
[1.1429976224899292]
[0.654980480670929]
[218.69357299804688]
[0.5081200003623962]
[0.7975025177001953]
[2.065596580505371]
[0.6228492856025696]
[0.31602782011032104]
[5.112444877624512]
[2.6248724460601807]
[88.236572265625]
[0.24453236162662506]
[3.4526517391204834]
[1.8597512245178223]
[1.9080065488815308]
[4.182043075561523]
[4.687227249145508]
[1.7548333406448364]
[0.9844951629638672]
[0.4612146019935608]
[1.227352499961853]
[0.31660377979278564]
[51.260345458984375]
[1.7596582174301147]
[3.727437973022461]
[1.961715817451477]
[1.7144775390625]
[7.237793445587158]
[1.6677451133728027]
[1.8977439403533936]
[2.447916030883789]
[5.843538761138916]
[35.050750732421875]
[0.2561705410480499]
[0.9680891633033752]
[3.408371686935425]
[1.7447607517242432]
[48.4569206237793]
[0.3345368206501007]
[0.3990529179573059]
[0.24692223966121674]
[180.86593627929688]
[0.24809390306472778]
[0.376737505197525]
[68.6292724609375]
[0.5587928295135498]
[2.137897253036499]
[0.2919623553752899]
[224.31752014160156]
[115.72724914550781]
[6.355695724487305]
[1.2439627647399902]
[16.202856063842773]
[0.3611372113227844]
[10.0764799118042]
[0.5215209722518921]
[3.8745388984680176]
[1.309425950050354]
[0.4019565284252167]
[2.3212876319885254]
[3.149378776550293]
[1.4197415113449097]
[0.6494859457015991]
[4.319494724273682]
[1.3041410446166992]
[0.24292877316474915]
[2.8490712642669678]
[0.39836716651916504]
[0.5666380524635315]
[0.567838728427887]
[2.494802236557007]
[0.7957044839859009]
[0.4505119025707245]
[7.166215896606445]
[4.34849739074707]
[1.4109841585159302]
[0.8011842966079712]
[2.556903600692749]
[0.6502274870872498]
[3.019693613052368]
[7.519954204559326]
[8.637316703796387]
[0.0927337110042572]
[0.6087764501571655]
[0.12130676954984665]
[0.5655100345611572]
[0.6343134045600891]
[142.20993041992188]
[1.3401837348937988]
[0.22936882078647614]
[0.3878730535507202]
[0.43467697501182556]
[0.22410741448402405]
[219.3234405517578]
[2.89530873298645]
[0.9203046560287476]
[1.9516074657440186]
[0.3316446542739868]
[1.0597649812698364]
[3.422731637954712]
[1.94284987449646]
[0.8574081659317017]
[0.39600613713264465]
[5.03736686706543]
[0.8458924293518066]
[6.090090274810791]
[2.439284324645996]
[5.8817596435546875]
[2.3240413665771484]
[3.447235107421875]
[1.583052396774292]
[0.6032251715660095]
[0.9378105998039246]
[0.8346958756446838]
[59.42257308959961]
[5.26255989074707]
[2.5856692790985107]
[59.488338470458984]
[0.9216781854629517]
[102.73036193847656]
[1.3325552940368652]
[13.230652809143066]
[2.002143144607544]
[55.96932601928711]
[1.2333797216415405]
[4.162831783294678]
[0.30155259370803833]
[2.727041244506836]
[180.1996612548828]
[0.3670486509799957]
[2.9766488075256348]
[0.6473187208175659]
[0.3536429703235626]
[0.4797883927822113]
[58.591156005859375]
[0.29589271545410156]
[2.5585379600524902]
[7.250341892242432]
[1.7475897073745728]
[4.0488996505737305]
[6.768552303314209]
[2.6110808849334717]
[2.346647262573242]
[1.7737888097763062]
[2.833707332611084]
[0.429702490568161]
[4.799717903137207]
[0.29733383655548096]
[1.4234962463378906]
[1.0867904424667358]
[4.520578384399414]
[2.4154648780822754]
[1.5260004997253418]
[23.884260177612305]
[1.4209353923797607]
[1.5555111169815063]
[1.095526933670044]
[0.42387959361076355]
[1.8473730087280273]
[0.2590262293815613]
[0.5426357388496399]
[2.086089611053467]
[0.5095676779747009]
[4.415444850921631]
[31.12737274169922]
[0.9960940480232239]
[54.13810729980469]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.363311529159546]
[0.3738468587398529]
[0.4536924362182617]
[1.151099681854248]
[0.4921221137046814]
[73.0884017944336]
[0.4086291491985321]
[2.8558106422424316]
[0.9882895946502686]
[0.6526071429252625]
[1.1317386627197266]
[2.0218424797058105]
[1.1604350805282593]
[0.6767114996910095]
[1.0433493852615356]
[1.2975611686706543]
[2.9763851165771484]
[0.35710105299949646]
[167.41290283203125]
[49.571475982666016]
[0.7832295298576355]
[0.9994994401931763]
[3.403280735015869]
[0.2830338478088379]
[2.3377130031585693]
[0.16682599484920502]
[2.355973720550537]
[0.3753828704357147]
[2.323245048522949]
[1.1679325103759766]
[82.60336303710938]
[0.33178970217704773]
[1.0603749752044678]
[1.6108514070510864]
[1.901065707206726]
[3.698463201522827]
[0.6833747625350952]
[51.18308639526367]
[0.15700268745422363]
[54.99626541137695]
[69.50924682617188]
[2.229011297225952]
[4.161901473999023]
[4.142878532409668]
[0.22803956270217896]
[1.4487290382385254]
[0.26143956184387207]
[0.17381606996059418]
[2.5817763805389404]
[62.707454681396484]
[0.8630934953689575]
[1.704904317855835]
[5.727783679962158]
[2.8185787200927734]
[2.3343708515167236]
[0.19331732392311096]
[0.055240824818611145]
[44.395198822021484]
[3.3589861392974854]
[0.027185626327991486]
[3.566632032394409]
[3.6729986667633057]
[8.475577354431152]
[2.064316987991333]
[3.744124174118042]
[0.7094078063964844]
[3.1790337562561035]
[0.3182011842727661]
[2.157675266265869]
[0.400463342666626]
[100.29354858398438]
[0.23632782697677612]
[1.0586050748825073]
[0.4533678889274597]
[2.016464948654175]
[0.5410205721855164]
[0.3525485694408417]
[165.8700714111328]
[2.9878952503204346]
[3.662130117416382]
[0.805428683757782]
[10.474791526794434]
[0.8228997588157654]
[3.4769287109375]
[2.2576961517333984]
[2.6211671829223633]
[0.1553109884262085]
[62.352256774902344]
[0.5488777160644531]
[4.735931873321533]
[0.6075509190559387]
[0.7998314499855042]
[31.37600326538086]
[1.1818726062774658]
[5.775644302368164]
[1.6506577730178833]
[11.7094087600708]
[0.5478582978248596]
[16.168655395507812]
[0.6931100487709045]
[0.4918254017829895]
[2.962531805038452]
[2.0006020069122314]
[3.431428909301758]
[4.075428009033203]
[0.2680317759513855]
[3.2897915840148926]
[3.205416679382324]
[5.467688083648682]
[0.25666195154190063]
[48.1143913269043]
[4.220205307006836]
[2.7610299587249756]
[0.6067724823951721]
[20.43500328063965]
[1.5342507362365723]
[0.1784960776567459]
[1.3356409072875977]
[1.5820077657699585]
[3.785482168197632]
[1.2964242696762085]
[4.932823657989502]
[1.5912258625030518]
[2.8237667083740234]
[0.1737036556005478]
[3.897127389907837]
[79.04931640625]
[0.7206677794456482]
[1.7586982250213623]
[2.5693187713623047]
[1.3595844507217407]
[0.3485528230667114]
[2.01090669631958]
[2.025200605392456]
[90.09322357177734]
[61.02696228027344]
[0.23025919497013092]
[163.08969116210938]
[1.318312644958496]
[0.39317867159843445]
[3.8192660808563232]
[12.964293479919434]
[5.184986114501953]
[1.3867154121398926]
[11.426224708557129]
[0.7231665849685669]
[1.2785829305648804]
[4.002793788909912]
[1.7093144655227661]
[64.10636901855469]
[0.05853075906634331]
[1.9919756650924683]
[3.03779673576355]
[15.2395601272583]
[0.5063234567642212]
[0.3754321038722992]
[0.6351779103279114]
[1.3129827976226807]
[2.5479493141174316]
[3.381591558456421]
[0.84293532371521]
[11.515507698059082]
[3.0223093032836914]
[238.15478515625]
[0.7481750249862671]
[4.5180840492248535]
[0.7299718260765076]
[0.29923516511917114]
[9.107712745666504]
[0.8709204196929932]
[2.948671817779541]
[4.598776817321777]
[10.017632484436035]
[3.492464542388916]
[5.654958724975586]
[2.074711561203003]
[1.031904935836792]
[0.03520825505256653]
[0.25788986682891846]
[1.6925398111343384]
[0.944063127040863]
[0.9784817695617676]
[12.889681816101074]
[0.9336566925048828]
[10.395608901977539]
[95.68621826171875]
[1.7165194749832153]
[2.07297420501709]
[1.9404069185256958]
[60.790714263916016]
[1.9067683219909668]
[74.54887390136719]
[0.8300783038139343]
[0.6152873635292053]
[3.281558036804199]
[18.000152587890625]
[1.2936935424804688]
[96.8595962524414]
[0.2900879681110382]
[3.4844400882720947]
[0.8985515832901001]
[0.7996944189071655]
[46.262203216552734]
[4.537468433380127]
[1.1858811378479004]
[6.131184101104736]
[41.533363342285156]
[2.578362464904785]
[4.828874111175537]
[43.91941452026367]
[1.5785574913024902]
[7.608137130737305]
[4.818344593048096]
[6.4648261070251465]
[6.090844631195068]
[2.3338782787323]
[0.19400139153003693]
[43.15098190307617]
[3.489492416381836]
[0.5910016894340515]
[2.374777317047119]
[1.6940317153930664]
[1.8203940391540527]
[2.6161093711853027]
[0.27587735652923584]
[0.6501026153564453]
[47.9039192199707]
[60.86845397949219]
[0.46907874941825867]
[0.27543628215789795]
[0.28099021315574646]
[0.21047627925872803]
[13.198221206665039]
[9.725350379943848]
[38.169647216796875]
[0.25103577971458435]
[202.20045471191406]
[3.9065232276916504]
[2.885180711746216]
[1.3328843116760254]
[0.35407555103302]
[0.3355802595615387]
[3.8526599407196045]
[0.5329330563545227]
[0.3429103195667267]
[0.5476851463317871]
[0.6074655055999756]
[3.6990113258361816]
[0.48946651816368103]
[1.718146562576294]
[0.5733842253684998]
[12.505295753479004]
[5.886889457702637]
[2.8218777179718018]
[2.6427762508392334]
[0.6459923386573792]
[7.770017623901367]
[92.77883911132812]
[6.608283519744873]
[1.2898296117782593]
[0.5013095140457153]
[0.9034126400947571]
[3.6152377128601074]
[71.05401611328125]
[0.8846422433853149]
[183.9529266357422]
[85.46157836914062]
[5.081302165985107]
[0.5408405065536499]
[1.1526323556900024]
[3.3421924114227295]
[2.7295148372650146]
[4.145380973815918]
[2.1611173152923584]
[4.649805068969727]
[5.656564712524414]
[0.5685794949531555]
[0.7258281707763672]
[2.9260871410369873]
[10.67785930633545]
[0.9909209609031677]
[3.337688684463501]
[0.7059919834136963]
[0.8351566195487976]
[7.524526596069336]
[0.054269347339868546]
[0.7835338711738586]
[0.017816675826907158]
[0.6569194793701172]
[2.881535053253174]
[1.9063209295272827]
[2.7724220752716064]
[70.43891143798828]
[4.333410739898682]
[0.4129296541213989]
[2.2337746620178223]
[4.6281819343566895]
[0.8645662069320679]
[1.897470235824585]
[0.6149616837501526]
[7.952151298522949]
[1.964543342590332]
[1.1698898077011108]
[52.0790901184082]
[0.9249602556228638]
[5.448041915893555]
[0.01937853731215]
[0.6830662488937378]
[1.2417832612991333]
[12.414794921875]
[0.4702644348144531]
[6.399456977844238]
[0.2848924994468689]
[1.8442736864089966]
[1.8626617193222046]
[0.29631564021110535]
[0.6774348616600037]
[3.8256120681762695]
[4.603918075561523]
[0.0413789264857769]
[4.1832475662231445]
[0.5450159907341003]
[1.2084534168243408]
[0.4924986958503723]
[0.23619361221790314]
[126.51698303222656]
[0.746518611907959]
[1.1773369312286377]
[0.05366377905011177]
[0.33486637473106384]
[3.220367193222046]
[21.003385543823242]
[61.8818359375]
[147.1697998046875]
[0.7631438374519348]
[0.7013607025146484]
[4.29775857925415]
[0.18960517644882202]
[2.1321210861206055]
[62.24671936035156]
[0.07326144725084305]
[4.087873935699463]
[0.36678147315979004]
[1.7978023290634155]
[0.26947319507598877]
[2.5802721977233887]
[6.777378559112549]
[4.36356782913208]
[3.5319390296936035]
[0.35698238015174866]
[16.216182708740234]
[3.5616283416748047]
[8.243707656860352]
[4.3923845291137695]
[8.280667304992676]
[3.3146278858184814]
[0.49415311217308044]
[4.041163921356201]
[0.19254781305789948]
[0.3963242471218109]
[2.644127130508423]
[3.6211860179901123]
[5.843214511871338]
[0.17648738622665405]
[3.0165951251983643]
[0.3726723790168762]
[0.40646788477897644]
[0.029479095712304115]
[3.5906527042388916]
[0.2999972105026245]
[8.384228706359863]
[0.8265514969825745]
[0.15338197350502014]
[0.153915673494339]
[1.6078530550003052]
[0.37854573130607605]
[5.011455059051514]
[1.485377311706543]
[2.945924997329712]
[59.69160079956055]
[0.5553035140037537]
[1.8535118103027344]
[0.4933902323246002]
[14.513469696044922]
[0.46822917461395264]
[0.6310267448425293]
[56.328834533691406]
[0.35327503085136414]
[0.7053506970405579]
[121.01720428466797]
[112.09765625]
[2.125741958618164]
[50.890724182128906]
[2.7606611251831055]
[10.668478012084961]
[48.670650482177734]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.055105686187744]
[2.3704209327697754]
[64.3105697631836]
[5.8926591873168945]
[0.5040987133979797]
[3.346079111099243]
[5.618017196655273]
[0.23349592089653015]
[8.030353546142578]
[2.448791265487671]
[0.22650884091854095]
[0.9967412352561951]
[43.737937927246094]
[0.19959400594234467]
[63.325401306152344]
[39.258060455322266]
[1.901795506477356]
[0.2467324435710907]
[4.585381031036377]
[71.86878204345703]
[3.693488121032715]
[3.8646275997161865]
[0.24898786842823029]
[5.368108749389648]
[44.019283294677734]
[10.575641632080078]
[0.45422735810279846]
[46.045406341552734]
[0.1866617351770401]
[191.7291259765625]
[1.5545518398284912]
[0.43311184644699097]
[2.6096322536468506]
[0.39193248748779297]
[41.237037658691406]
[5.127783298492432]
[6.14750862121582]
[44.731842041015625]
[0.7145627737045288]
[2.9317398071289062]
[1.959043025970459]
[6.153965473175049]
[3.7131524085998535]
[7.896219253540039]
[3.850118398666382]
[21.96615219116211]
[6.214339733123779]
[27.7266902923584]
[0.03291436284780502]
[5.182662487030029]
[2.466588258743286]
[7.799315929412842]
[0.12752263247966766]
[3.3439388275146484]
[153.56581115722656]
[1.012905240058899]
[6.882796764373779]
[0.8624022006988525]
[1.8641767501831055]
[0.9956352710723877]
[2.3913309574127197]
[8.901398658752441]
[4.3188090324401855]
[1.5576390027999878]
[7.533282279968262]
[2.3803908824920654]
[1.5244473218917847]
[0.9900551438331604]
[2.7000627517700195]
[0.7280580401420593]
[0.34743160009384155]
[0.5874713659286499]
[0.13318274915218353]
[1.7088907957077026]
[1.2332478761672974]
[0.7395423054695129]
[0.8676766753196716]
[53.443443298339844]
[55.911930084228516]
[0.6077958941459656]
[0.7010497450828552]
[7.6613850593566895]
[0.4945557415485382]
[19.10930633544922]
[32.58091354370117]
[0.23016206920146942]
[52.55299758911133]
[43.6556510925293]
[2.764561176300049]
[4.172291278839111]
[295.0315856933594]
[2.8603851795196533]
[3.067065715789795]
[4.063357353210449]
[7.442265510559082]
[0.5540478229522705]
[0.6770557165145874]
[0.03574829176068306]
[2.7748260498046875]
[4.613709926605225]
[2.111529588699341]
[11.713048934936523]
[4.752120018005371]
[0.9411289691925049]
[0.6060183048248291]
[0.9059890508651733]
[1.478254795074463]
[6.3960747718811035]
[10.191991806030273]
[2.391964912414551]
[0.042061880230903625]
[8.205249786376953]
[1.0009260177612305]
[2.803011178970337]
[91.17713928222656]
[2.7080578804016113]
[5.1920881271362305]
[0.7185915112495422]
[72.39689636230469]
[0.8987424373626709]
[2.1828970909118652]
[1.5327740907669067]
[2.7534165382385254]
[3.8528435230255127]
[0.675798237323761]
[2.0324814319610596]
[9.080859184265137]
[0.36112526059150696]
[0.552727460861206]
[0.5730789303779602]
[0.3590160012245178]
[2.3676564693450928]
[0.8258041143417358]
[17.327238082885742]
[3.4889707565307617]
[1.0852028131484985]
[65.91183471679688]
[0.3275332748889923]
[0.7009192109107971]
[5.385358810424805]
[0.32339927554130554]
[3.1929144859313965]
[0.34264901280403137]
[0.6911266446113586]
[0.32127395272254944]
[6.80026912689209]
[0.6791638731956482]
[0.23326881229877472]
[26.2965145111084]
[0.5623023509979248]
[145.44082641601562]
[1.5130810737609863]
[4.091835975646973]
[2291.10791015625]
[1.527815341949463]
[4.533735752105713]
[6.182336330413818]
[67.21359252929688]
[5.1542510986328125]
[6.714557647705078]
[61.68537902832031]
[18.100034713745117]
[83.99673461914062]
[116.34639739990234]
[48.016998291015625]
[145.29006958007812]
[8.234149932861328]
[5.417111873626709]
[0.6725063920021057]
[19.112693786621094]
[30.090492248535156]
[31.51605796813965]
[2.9882214069366455]
[6.709594249725342]
[4.800997734069824]
[4.857108116149902]
[15.570263862609863]
[4.001371383666992]
[45.14983367919922]
[73.2208023071289]
[5.786708354949951]
[34.62443161010742]
[33.01280975341797]
[38.130130767822266]
[2.390425682067871]
[90.73597717285156]
[10.535487174987793]
[7.556829452514648]
[19.717212677001953]
[22.15584945678711]
[7.541820526123047]
[9.761157989501953]
[0.8476693630218506]
[59.74745559692383]
[5.544007778167725]
[17.915830612182617]
[7.434804916381836]
[1.8443751335144043]
[15.200323104858398]
[16.268957138061523]
[6.574865341186523]
[12.832287788391113]
[2.6522417068481445]
[73.87509155273438]
[9.886628150939941]
[13.532539367675781]
[15.816431045532227]
[15.243907928466797]
[40.83494186401367]
[10.361639022827148]
[4.693675994873047]
[62.804588317871094]
[16.29029083251953]
[1.867681622505188]
[13.188032150268555]
[51.11921310424805]
[9.62995719909668]
[12.577500343322754]
[87.48461151123047]
[16.653100967407227]
[43.80118179321289]
[0.9225645661354065]
[5.559357166290283]
[200.3373260498047]
[6.973466396331787]
[44.429649353027344]
[4.0836992263793945]
[1.424363613128662]
[5.262778282165527]
[7.152804374694824]
[4.070528507232666]
[11.525311470031738]
[50.58332061767578]
[3.106966972351074]
[7.730191707611084]
[0.15625956654548645]
[7.022290229797363]
[1.2877558469772339]
[6.096503257751465]
[1.8477555513381958]
[1.430326223373413]
[1051.985107421875]
[8.15075397491455]
[0.4550812244415283]
[5.60076904296875]
[68.87157440185547]
[12.400612831115723]
[1.2950297594070435]
[18.29259490966797]
[15.760941505432129]
[40.95780944824219]
[7.352147102355957]
[44.579124450683594]
[47.47584533691406]
[67.46870422363281]
[94.8691635131836]
[55.736576080322266]
[33.86455154418945]
[8.060240745544434]
[66.77557373046875]
[2.209545135498047]
[38.854637145996094]
[79.61701965332031]
[17.107040405273438]
[3.057539939880371]
[3.500997543334961]
[34.7263069152832]
[18.587257385253906]
[132.7405548095703]
[1205.21923828125]
[9.197031021118164]
[19.554214477539062]
[9.966639518737793]
[4.487639904022217]
[11.239102363586426]
[3.5383896827697754]
[5.114202499389648]
[9.139562606811523]
[16.95172691345215]
[71.8782730102539]
[0.5445080995559692]
[234.20603942871094]
[11.228533744812012]
[3.3441224098205566]
[4046.675537109375]
[17.582304000854492]
[2.3941757678985596]
[3.286804437637329]
[76.04419708251953]
[21.581979751586914]
[0.13837693631649017]
[34.581214904785156]
[22.873090744018555]
[227.50656127929688]
[60.136905670166016]
[8.386680603027344]
[13.96290397644043]
[80.81826782226562]
[59.23469161987305]
[0.8685673475265503]
[19.770198822021484]
[58.092529296875]
[146.4795379638672]
[30.309377670288086]
[9.492722511291504]
[32.27128601074219]
[26.21936798095703]
[27.467084884643555]
[31.813278198242188]
[10.1461763381958]
[18.947019577026367]
[1.1811416149139404]
[95.27430725097656]
[52.623966217041016]
[4.335492134094238]
[8.305580139160156]
[58.960487365722656]
[4.160909652709961]
[15.634522438049316]
[4.009941577911377]
[30.713254928588867]
[3.0949699878692627]
[38.28486251831055]
[14.065199851989746]
[25.0692195892334]
[23.759859085083008]
[6.896971225738525]
[4.078736782073975]
[1.9450030326843262]
[11.039112091064453]
[176.05455017089844]
[31.19744300842285]
[11.143505096435547]
[4.297035217285156]
[12.762642860412598]
[12.60851764678955]
[9.486937522888184]
[65.19820404052734]
[1.941098928451538]
[72.26763916015625]
[10.20235824584961]
[3.247213840484619]
[5.344635009765625]
[6.153233051300049]
[8.524757385253906]
[2.4854722023010254]
[2.8195834159851074]
[57.4872932434082]
[13.4411039352417]
[18.52722930908203]
[9.538436889648438]
[11.452201843261719]
[2.248007297515869]
[6.907445907592773]
[7.319741249084473]
[0.534479558467865]
[9.418663024902344]
[7.6122260093688965]
[2.3151917457580566]
[7.68505859375]
[1.8104215860366821]
[10.849398612976074]
[28.244653701782227]
[1.8824609518051147]
[2.1325228214263916]
[9.156637191772461]
[24.603036880493164]
[2.208833694458008]
[7.299636363983154]
[211.6235809326172]
[66.81940460205078]
[1.6735919713974]
[83.55328369140625]
[10.868948936462402]
[6.373134613037109]
[1.806033730506897]
[2.477773666381836]
[3.695859670639038]
[5.989116191864014]
[5.807053089141846]
[0.11905857175588608]
[4.579926013946533]
[91.9493179321289]
[2.1577272415161133]
[2.347972869873047]
[10.971410751342773]
[12.961853981018066]
[10.274391174316406]
[0.37430617213249207]
[2.2762670516967773]
[18.61683464050293]
[72.71694946289062]
[73.8813247680664]
[21.513063430786133]
[2.123286247253418]
[1.6390644311904907]
[12.81756591796875]
[9.330204010009766]
[9.070887565612793]
[3.9236130714416504]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[6.488880157470703]
[2.73543119430542]
[3.0371429920196533]
[26.7824649810791]
[68.0704116821289]
[7.0720415115356445]
[20.927656173706055]
[1.3287193775177002]
[0.9952602982521057]
[4.483813285827637]
[47.753875732421875]
[1.1728919744491577]
[176.2493896484375]
[1.7506762742996216]
[2.6834704875946045]
[1.0394848585128784]
[3.658520221710205]
[5.206748008728027]
[1.0847710371017456]
[49.789527893066406]
[16.65202522277832]
[4.156458854675293]
[7.630589485168457]
[2.071129560470581]
[1.0029704570770264]
[1.4065073728561401]
[2.116809606552124]
[1.0708180665969849]
[0.8026607036590576]
[5.4409685134887695]
[1.3491815328598022]
[5.104492664337158]
[8.534772872924805]
[9.791461944580078]
[6.050532817840576]
[2.0989644527435303]
[4.093844890594482]
[6.127112865447998]
[4.556056022644043]
[1.7313729524612427]
[4.66373872756958]
[64.66387176513672]
[17.341171264648438]
[24.700057983398438]
[10.41961669921875]
[1.1411166191101074]
[2.3812897205352783]
[0.8092054724693298]
[1.1968848705291748]
[75.30824279785156]
[3.711559534072876]
[1.6119537353515625]
[58.08049774169922]
[2.4650728702545166]
[0.7245497107505798]
[0.8208827972412109]
[0.09296445548534393]
[0.5832188725471497]
[1.1451115608215332]
[4.4287214279174805]
[3.2698917388916016]
[0.8227484822273254]
[2.0727226734161377]
[0.7126378417015076]
[9.269474029541016]
[4.026650905609131]
[6.6403913497924805]
[2.969412326812744]
[3.744913101196289]
[52.98414993286133]
[0.6648672223091125]
[4.329963684082031]
[222.97996520996094]
[85.69405364990234]
[3.990638017654419]
[4.442325115203857]
[11.141453742980957]
[2.5158960819244385]
[50.96366882324219]
[2.786797285079956]
[1.5120517015457153]
[0.5917462706565857]
[2.610198736190796]
[3.7325611114501953]
[4.907565593719482]
[1.5248117446899414]
[5.3059916496276855]
[1.5639156103134155]
[52.504154205322266]
[2.515141487121582]
[3.609886407852173]
[1.5879327058792114]
[77.68749237060547]
[0.6026291847229004]
[4.031115531921387]
[0.3833305239677429]
[0.5304743647575378]
[0.759457528591156]
[0.052190154790878296]
[2.132317543029785]
[71.1625747680664]
[1.5741595029830933]
[6.3971452713012695]
[4.888390064239502]
[0.7343498468399048]
[0.9674084186553955]
[7.0986552238464355]
[6.216643810272217]
[1.3156193494796753]
[2.2589755058288574]
[2.8074653148651123]
[1.5470209121704102]
[130.92282104492188]
[1.5897043943405151]
[0.825653612613678]
[0.8825907111167908]
[10.599969863891602]
[3.9231457710266113]
[193.24478149414062]
[2.6883788108825684]
[1.9640415906906128]
[2.280447006225586]
[0.9507598876953125]
[180.01309204101562]
[12.261432647705078]
[3.687549352645874]
[1.2513855695724487]
[0.12773707509040833]
[0.9091938138008118]
[58.54368209838867]
[0.6077495813369751]
[4.442306995391846]
[0.8329344391822815]
[1.2789559364318848]
[2.531076669692993]
[0.9251578450202942]
[67.35612487792969]
[112.76074981689453]
[1.8513702154159546]
[1.054091215133667]
[2.2929511070251465]
[3.1294240951538086]
[0.5946730971336365]
[57.49330139160156]
[0.388764888048172]
[1.857112169265747]
[0.5001838207244873]
[55.5511474609375]
[1.8133469820022583]
[3.9530279636383057]
[166.5749969482422]
[4.105465412139893]
[0.9267575740814209]
[0.7397292256355286]
[0.6156296730041504]
[46.97004699707031]
[2.9825692176818848]
[4.698510646820068]
[3.091756820678711]
[0.9140478372573853]
[3.5586228370666504]
[4.327844619750977]
[1.130661129951477]
[5.4141130447387695]
[0.6116765737533569]
[49.10734939575195]
[2.080226421356201]
[1.0327744483947754]
[5.041224479675293]
[55.0354118347168]
[53.430816650390625]
[4.692018032073975]
[3.2271227836608887]
[0.9757034778594971]
[1.0714468955993652]
[3.14157772064209]
[2.5038373470306396]
[1.848099708557129]
[0.5548924803733826]
[0.8736745715141296]
[0.3950418531894684]
[0.6831275820732117]
[1.4209403991699219]
[52.523292541503906]
[4.768433570861816]
[0.7203217148780823]
[2.967747211456299]
[0.5538803339004517]
[8955.349609375]
[3.885007619857788]
[1.881581425666809]
[14.016036033630371]
[20.629776000976562]
[64.97725677490234]
[44.38591003417969]
[23.20583724975586]
[89.33294677734375]
[38.7380256652832]
[57.657142639160156]
[94.78378295898438]
[8.717826843261719]
[5.597146511077881]
[14.448184967041016]
[73.27977752685547]
[13.356554985046387]
[12.883493423461914]
[81.3454818725586]
[161.62847900390625]
[44.90639114379883]
[120.53153991699219]
[8.821028709411621]
[141.38223266601562]
[1.5819202661514282]
[100.24240112304688]
[93.16339874267578]
[29.616439819335938]
[50.79092788696289]
[3.187601089477539]
[26.61162757873535]
[89.7479019165039]
[68.10874938964844]
[15.570592880249023]
[115.84386444091797]
[126.68003845214844]
[2.0717580318450928]
[54.48442840576172]
[31.951932907104492]
[69.74015808105469]
[205.90313720703125]
[16.997032165527344]
[47.367313385009766]
[6.232659339904785]
[89.00054931640625]
[44.64597702026367]
[6.6110334396362305]
[300.753662109375]
[17.58411407470703]
[7.906968593597412]
[81.0790786743164]
[68.30628204345703]
[64.12521362304688]
[8.732525825500488]
[16.190746307373047]
[13.881853103637695]
[18.160951614379883]
[93.48165893554688]
[12.012791633605957]
[4.953494071960449]
[61.20710372924805]
[13.768954277038574]
[41.21165084838867]
[20.29777717590332]
[0.45235633850097656]
[22.350191116333008]
[10.276633262634277]
[33.43047332763672]
[17.022384643554688]
[17.1368350982666]
[5.441156387329102]
[4.222843170166016]
[22.338430404663086]
[10.270978927612305]
[10.750572204589844]
[9.821440696716309]
[16.518400192260742]
[10.703512191772461]
[6.078725814819336]
[10.54104232788086]
[4.032876968383789]
[22.003623962402344]
[9.8789701461792]
[8.693530082702637]
[17.476591110229492]
[11.213683128356934]
[36.79014587402344]
[17.94927978515625]
[21.958715438842773]
[10.922699928283691]
[4.379746913909912]
[6.4231462478637695]
[13.284135818481445]
[2.885952949523926]
[4.5872063636779785]
[10.031983375549316]
[2.8637709617614746]
[3.057588815689087]
[0.4696650803089142]
[7.021429061889648]
[110.76598358154297]
[6.621126174926758]
[3.3893918991088867]
[20.204923629760742]
[2.7083547115325928]
[9.216684341430664]
[13.416794776916504]
[6.516465663909912]
[3.62577748298645]
[11.378552436828613]
[3.710507869720459]
[6.585697174072266]
[6.478480339050293]
[2.279935359954834]
[2.5056467056274414]
[11.535693168640137]
[2.574352741241455]
[64.3955307006836]
[12.467660903930664]
[0.809775173664093]
[2.2213921546936035]
[6.880904674530029]
[167.44110107421875]
[2.6682825088500977]
[2.0046310424804688]
[7.007525444030762]
[99.65956115722656]
[14.501852989196777]
[60.6993408203125]
[2.596876859664917]
[10.030376434326172]
[0.22237807512283325]
[10.684905052185059]
[2.1528899669647217]
[7.076547622680664]
[7.630861282348633]
[5.39739990234375]
[18.32262420654297]
[96.76712799072266]
[3.0520310401916504]
[14.44620132446289]
[2.1305367946624756]
[0.14083516597747803]
[88.38653564453125]
[2.558892011642456]
[9.172425270080566]
[7.329245090484619]
[5.738516330718994]
[1.8858277797698975]
[9.822344779968262]
[31.296419143676758]
[0.16520549356937408]
[3.530078411102295]
[6.5421671867370605]
[3.6305932998657227]
[4.94158935546875]
[139.31866455078125]
[1.7711515426635742]
[7.034942626953125]
[8.423399925231934]
[15.386884689331055]
[6.187591552734375]
[3.0613653659820557]
[1.9675281047821045]
[8.72006607055664]
[6.970132827758789]
[2.202517509460449]
[10.472058296203613]
[4.102560520172119]
[5.253748893737793]
[152.96185302734375]
[6.402154922485352]
[23.104141235351562]
[3.547053575515747]
[2.5738213062286377]
[4.656752586364746]
[3.361018657684326]
[3.915330171585083]
[2.462350368499756]
[9.380125045776367]
[4.047049522399902]
[110.9433822631836]
[5.023794174194336]
[5.145188808441162]
[7.909953594207764]
[2.045393466949463]
[13.946078300476074]
[2.9664080142974854]
[1.3464176654815674]
[1.701777696609497]
[3.085850238800049]
[5.3330278396606445]
[2.0686042308807373]
[2.676163911819458]
[1.503125786781311]
[1.430894136428833]
[78.97461700439453]
[57.80009841918945]
[3.7583818435668945]
[2.8628664016723633]
[3.5746452808380127]
[3.120084762573242]
[5.29306173324585]
[2532.783203125]
[4.024631977081299]
[7.841905117034912]
[8.291731834411621]
[0.23122179508209229]
[1.9160473346710205]
[4.842442512512207]
[4.94545841217041]
[9.653257369995117]
[19.44462776184082]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.9725472927093506]
[13.44288444519043]
[10.66175651550293]
[4.2276153564453125]
[22.237071990966797]
[26.023208618164062]
[22.986520767211914]
[4.602279186248779]
[20.577978134155273]
[4.089080333709717]
[1.6212023496627808]
[5.345184803009033]
[4.255558967590332]
[13.733421325683594]
[63.434471130371094]
[2.2728662490844727]
[4.038730621337891]
[3.1780028343200684]
[2.3038666248321533]
[41.78578567504883]
[13.892062187194824]
[10.843167304992676]
[3.4206316471099854]
[2.889521598815918]
[1.5334833860397339]
[4.517486095428467]
[12.207331657409668]
[5.316056728363037]
[1.6518255472183228]
[1.3071833848953247]
[2.711369514465332]
[6.081196308135986]
[8.889748573303223]
[1.3387600183486938]
[1.6510142087936401]
[9.071887016296387]
[2.1516573429107666]
[13.099316596984863]
[5.173780918121338]
[13.762934684753418]
[7.812415599822998]
[6.040581226348877]
[1.106359839439392]
[12.18899154663086]
[1.0109955072402954]
[2.7645885944366455]
[13.758384704589844]
[1.9214550256729126]
[5.470301628112793]
[0.8993784189224243]
[2.915452003479004]
[4.253361701965332]
[108.56124114990234]
[69.23161315917969]
[3.6551685333251953]
[1.2771104574203491]
[59.27629852294922]
[3.945322036743164]
[1.1288084983825684]
[9.886273384094238]
[3.916616916656494]
[9.724677085876465]
[5.296114921569824]
[110.76915740966797]
[0.8883662223815918]
[103.46114349365234]
[6.9578752517700195]
[5.0058183670043945]
[16.684709548950195]
[4.405754566192627]
[65.63214111328125]
[0.9768450856208801]
[36.7729606628418]
[1.0287014245986938]
[16.327529907226562]
[9.653955459594727]
[37.66685485839844]
[3.907059669494629]
[0.8974961042404175]
[0.8178218603134155]
[3.268618583679199]
[0.05045294761657715]
[1.009850025177002]
[1.5828077793121338]
[0.9660243988037109]
[1.8578838109970093]
[6.5763630867004395]
[4.976624011993408]
[3.8120415210723877]
[6.630338191986084]
[63.75113296508789]
[6.396050930023193]
[2.791916608810425]
[4.0310444831848145]
[5.651037693023682]
[0.838988721370697]
[20.536029815673828]
[0.679599404335022]
[9.472909927368164]
[22.275222778320312]
[2.622239589691162]
[8.320140838623047]
[2.135479211807251]
[4.189237594604492]
[4.347405910491943]
[109.45703887939453]
[2.4253830909729004]
[2.963984966278076]
[2.914090633392334]
[2.70169734954834]
[5.036369800567627]
[0.8088876605033875]
[5.139779567718506]
[2.28188157081604]
[2.8426706790924072]
[52.304439544677734]
[0.9391763806343079]
[4.276994705200195]
[0.8302428722381592]
[1.859218955039978]
[5.514594554901123]
[2.6305229663848877]
[0.7750009894371033]
[0.7387441992759705]
[10.63403606414795]
[1.8521205186843872]
[0.7088831067085266]
[928.6553344726562]
[117.53947448730469]
[4.316394805908203]
[4.1403350830078125]
[0.9085651636123657]
[0.9757081866264343]
[6.530369281768799]
[1.300508737564087]
[6.0914435386657715]
[1.8991817235946655]
[1.4886376857757568]
[1.2049731016159058]
[2.191133499145508]
[1.2735179662704468]
[1.2207324504852295]
[1.7856895923614502]
[4.551713943481445]
[1.0430958271026611]
[2.6473348140716553]
[3.213073492050171]
[2.519371509552002]
[1.4159339666366577]
[93.73611450195312]
[0.029900304973125458]
[2.3348169326782227]
[0.9368767738342285]
[1.1677942276000977]
[0.989745020866394]
[3.775338649749756]
[3.8970749378204346]
[14.128705024719238]
[1.1360031366348267]
[1.4287530183792114]
[5.213802337646484]
[9.55166244506836]
[6.05996036529541]
[2.8315045833587646]
[1.135543942451477]
[2.838705062866211]
[2.0829758644104004]
[0.8046809434890747]
[2.799530267715454]
[1.7289143800735474]
[1.5169954299926758]
[2.200467348098755]
[1.1464555263519287]
[74.33085632324219]
[0.8579180836677551]
[3.929638147354126]
[0.8449220061302185]
[2.0117855072021484]
[0.8412222862243652]
[0.718708872795105]
[3.5456905364990234]
[2.1673710346221924]
[5.7531585693359375]
[4.886991500854492]
[5.308019638061523]
[2.5045783519744873]
[0.8647147417068481]
[0.8809762001037598]
[3.535057306289673]
[3.084460735321045]
[0.9941855669021606]
[0.8692914843559265]
[1.1676886081695557]
[0.8347566723823547]
[0.931962251663208]
[1.9393012523651123]
[2.5278618335723877]
[0.9467986822128296]
[1.4130138158798218]
[5.00809907913208]
[0.9479207396507263]
[0.779712975025177]
[0.6830000281333923]
[0.7873270511627197]
[3.3604187965393066]
[0.666750967502594]
[2.6642632484436035]
[7.921384334564209]
[0.6770032644271851]
[1.0112736225128174]
[30.582624435424805]
[5.2851457595825195]
[6.799449920654297]
[0.7283245921134949]
[2.4291884899139404]
[1.0048325061798096]
[0.6563537120819092]
[7.682424545288086]
[9.967508316040039]
[2.346998453140259]
[0.7626850605010986]
[49.739356994628906]
[0.7539126873016357]
[70.47550964355469]
[0.6088678240776062]
[1.050946831703186]
[1.1429638862609863]
[15.06747055053711]
[0.7681477069854736]
[0.6552774310112]
[1.5628453493118286]
[1.5680108070373535]
[1.1614457368850708]
[4.038966178894043]
[0.726624608039856]
[0.7471193075180054]
[0.6015915870666504]
[2.142174005508423]
[0.776954174041748]
[1.1430232524871826]
[3.5751211643218994]
[0.6533494591712952]
[1.101976752281189]
[0.820334792137146]
[1.9576315879821777]
[82.53079223632812]
[0.6685987114906311]
[0.5089203119277954]
[1.064652442932129]
[4.231686115264893]
[2.8961009979248047]
[1.5593059062957764]
[0.7605206966400146]
[3.214916706085205]
[0.47813740372657776]
[4.0211381912231445]
[0.5772950053215027]
[0.8593591451644897]
[1.5489956140518188]
[3.3435487747192383]
[31.683757781982422]
[0.6612708568572998]
[0.5398516654968262]
[3.2643256187438965]
[1.3667221069335938]
[0.7497142553329468]
[1.0786411762237549]
[6.194656848907471]
[42.09657669067383]
[0.6445770859718323]
[1.9180374145507812]
[0.4655051827430725]
[13.436256408691406]
[1.711898684501648]
[1.9533458948135376]
[0.4978083372116089]
[1.7664315700531006]
[1.225663423538208]
[3.10723876953125]
[0.5933582186698914]
[0.7831233739852905]
[0.5771949887275696]
[2.0071213245391846]
[0.6309598684310913]
[0.6737068295478821]
[4.440921306610107]
[3.371894598007202]
[31.772289276123047]
[0.7977885603904724]
[66.4592056274414]
[0.5281776785850525]
[1.0482999086380005]
[3.604006767272949]
[1.8446540832519531]
[15.244215965270996]
[0.6589812636375427]
[3.092831611633301]
[0.646812915802002]
[0.5134891271591187]
[0.9269253015518188]
[0.8288246393203735]
[0.6767111420631409]
[0.6232976913452148]
[2.2030529975891113]
[0.7102310061454773]
[2.1045522689819336]
[8.210747718811035]
[2.3988914489746094]
[0.9257860779762268]
[0.5569886565208435]
[3.7353034019470215]
[6.005005359649658]
[0.7651349902153015]
[0.5519746541976929]
[2.157045841217041]
[0.5622668862342834]
[2.432873249053955]
[1.8028454780578613]
[0.730326771736145]
[0.6182067394256592]
[0.7495468258857727]
[0.8414396643638611]
[0.5041725039482117]
[0.5488747358322144]
[0.5608531832695007]
[2.849337100982666]
[1.3716429471969604]
[1.4053746461868286]
[0.6356704235076904]
[0.830699622631073]
[2.9748048782348633]
[0.7172462940216064]
[1.4164947271347046]
[5.945235729217529]
[0.7961752414703369]
[1.094159483909607]
[0.8282533288002014]
[0.9150853753089905]
[0.6799898743629456]
[0.55808424949646]
[267.40936279296875]
[2.900419235229492]
[0.8788807392120361]
[1.1161839962005615]
[0.841758131980896]
[0.8552948236465454]
[202.64048767089844]
[2.083674669265747]
[0.6362503170967102]
[0.8439822196960449]
[0.4103008508682251]
[0.6928343176841736]
[0.6542911529541016]
[1.6895464658737183]
[1.2938836812973022]
[1.7609447240829468]
[3.105133295059204]
[0.9836580753326416]
[3.261519193649292]
[0.603743314743042]
[4.415804862976074]
[0.4809563159942627]
[1.7284350395202637]
[0.5616991519927979]
[3.4434192180633545]
[0.8561273813247681]
[2.230721950531006]
[74.2558364868164]
[0.5909014344215393]
[1.4474897384643555]
[2.2318787574768066]
[4.712908744812012]
[1.8026143312454224]
[1.5398681163787842]
[5.3881402015686035]
[0.8345819711685181]
[1.0268104076385498]
[7.042928695678711]
[6.9996256828308105]
[2.1843137741088867]
[0.029440684244036674]
[1.4615979194641113]
[0.6905645728111267]
[0.720142126083374]
[1.1082115173339844]
[3.224813222885132]
[2.3864450454711914]
[0.6935155391693115]
[1.9214009046554565]
[1.042588233947754]
[8.307567596435547]
[1.1024043560028076]
[0.6989070773124695]
[0.8247969150543213]
[4.761638641357422]
[0.7333188056945801]
[1.4634443521499634]
[1.7516419887542725]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.1999576091766357]
[1.5112998485565186]
[1.949772596359253]
[1.638189673423767]
[1.9517831802368164]
[6.7484965324401855]
[2.0336978435516357]
[1.538218379020691]
[3.692307949066162]
[14.650839805603027]
[0.5955597162246704]
[1.470368504524231]
[1.005096435546875]
[0.9274082183837891]
[0.8393118977546692]
[0.9015988707542419]
[0.9345709085464478]
[2.1569063663482666]
[1.778670310974121]
[3.313302516937256]
[1.1056432723999023]
[1.4806698560714722]
[0.9058339595794678]
[2.3356902599334717]
[0.7467116713523865]
[0.43079808354377747]
[0.7209328413009644]
[0.9440675377845764]
[1.0186539888381958]
[0.9354640245437622]
[1.3730266094207764]
[0.026276176795363426]
[1.3951798677444458]
[1.2079732418060303]
[1.2139719724655151]
[0.48573586344718933]
[0.7214531898498535]
[56.0529899597168]
[2.8463945388793945]
[1.2819327116012573]
[2.3803977966308594]
[11.409981727600098]
[79.3189926147461]
[1.7266148328781128]
[4.483944892883301]
[0.587022602558136]
[0.460266649723053]
[0.37082889676094055]
[4.181027412414551]
[1.2239046096801758]
[0.624829113483429]
[0.6384939551353455]
[2.5894200801849365]
[1.141963005065918]
[0.6638654470443726]
[5.32852029800415]
[2.1416659355163574]
[51.506141662597656]
[1.2188736200332642]
[1.6594358682632446]
[3.038126230239868]
[1.987858772277832]
[17.216800689697266]
[0.45605382323265076]
[0.5578669905662537]
[5.274718761444092]
[2.199995994567871]
[2.2859513759613037]
[1.6942061185836792]
[3.6850979328155518]
[2.135481119155884]
[4.5148773193359375]
[0.6343812942504883]
[1.021823763847351]
[2.6165201663970947]
[0.5082352757453918]
[2.204488754272461]
[0.5193483829498291]
[1.3585621118545532]
[0.016689622774720192]
[0.5441771745681763]
[2.5030837059020996]
[4.839751243591309]
[212.16763305664062]
[0.4701896905899048]
[3.425877332687378]
[0.7427766919136047]
[0.9741700887680054]
[0.01897347718477249]
[0.9468879699707031]
[0.7139151096343994]
[1.2111907005310059]
[0.01854444108903408]
[0.9243417382240295]
[1.3186644315719604]
[0.688875675201416]
[0.5986580848693848]
[1.0038267374038696]
[0.6182568073272705]
[0.4204563498497009]
[3.5769083499908447]
[2.329793930053711]
[1.049182415008545]
[1.2054853439331055]
[62.11798858642578]
[2.9325881004333496]
[4.313948631286621]
[1.3317173719406128]
[0.9752286672592163]
[1.482358694076538]
[0.4619806408882141]
[1.8115211725234985]
[0.49555084109306335]
[1.6664313077926636]
[0.44770991802215576]
[3.2559685707092285]
[0.7170012593269348]
[2.0146842002868652]
[1.6520428657531738]
[0.35045886039733887]
[23.124818801879883]
[0.5126603841781616]
[3.0722711086273193]
[0.8895367383956909]
[1.0486836433410645]
[0.5252343416213989]
[0.7451678514480591]
[0.5616400241851807]
[0.6246370077133179]
[2.0459177494049072]
[0.5312662720680237]
[1.0896942615509033]
[6.254889965057373]
[2.124035358428955]
[2.8068463802337646]
[0.7867135405540466]
[0.4230891764163971]
[1.8935033082962036]
[1.2637330293655396]
[2.4618308544158936]
[0.9375422596931458]
[0.8152623176574707]
[1.026513695716858]
[0.013789060525596142]
[2.392894744873047]
[0.3628302812576294]
[1.6970148086547852]
[2.045839309692383]
[0.7212281227111816]
[0.6543194055557251]
[0.6723493337631226]
[1.1251461505889893]
[1.6029988527297974]
[0.5815668702125549]
[0.5948694944381714]
[0.6781564354896545]
[1753.88671875]
[66.97132873535156]
[1.2824963331222534]
[0.5070153474807739]
[7.955994129180908]
[0.5924325585365295]
[6.607614040374756]
[8.855867385864258]
[7.075985908508301]
[1.1449432373046875]
[0.7054088115692139]
[0.7476978302001953]
[18.188987731933594]
[5.041408061981201]
[8.649189949035645]
[20.82634925842285]
[3.3818857669830322]
[4.733881950378418]
[2.269110679626465]
[4.898580551147461]
[7.151095390319824]
[19.984943389892578]
[11.302718162536621]
[1.8233537673950195]
[2.282825231552124]
[0.5569770932197571]
[3.1953988075256348]
[2.9017539024353027]
[7.497060775756836]
[4.990528106689453]
[7.34617805480957]
[13.726815223693848]
[0.888724684715271]
[1.12545645236969]
[16.020584106445312]
[21.701967239379883]
[0.5105017423629761]
[9.504178047180176]
[9.343521118164062]
[2.6967828273773193]
[3.7209396362304688]
[0.549176037311554]
[3.2030344009399414]
[18.975446701049805]
[0.5362247228622437]
[1.2092061042785645]
[16.88741683959961]
[0.6767573356628418]
[20.451932907104492]
[1.3233590126037598]
[0.884501039981842]
[0.6655885577201843]
[11.513528823852539]
[1.3117986917495728]
[0.6832338571548462]
[11.446608543395996]
[0.6608985662460327]
