deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[16531.2578125]
[116562.8125]
[30813220.0]
[2253.26806640625]
[15930.8271484375]
[15963.7978515625]
[5927.98291015625]
[3214179.0]
[5750.8369140625]
[19333.0]
[15692.806640625]
[1038890.5]
[339246.59375]
[6778.18505859375]
[4355.6611328125]
[5646.88818359375]
[2609.3115234375]
[5758.890625]
[15373.1279296875]
[15353.8125]
[36791.08984375]
[1631.050048828125]
[6116.4267578125]
[1946.5496826171875]
[1624.393310546875]
[109589.7421875]
[10403.41015625]
[3885.7958984375]
[2565.68115234375]
[1017416.625]
[9655.3291015625]
[13547.02734375]
[319719.59375]
[2047.029052734375]
[9247.25390625]
[14578.0263671875]
[35008.796875]
[14624.517578125]
[5276.71923828125]
[14534.8134765625]
[1527.5328369140625]
[14593.705078125]
[104607.40625]
[104579.328125]
[5249.025390625]
[3645.83837890625]
[5733.92919921875]
[14540.603515625]
[2973848.75]
[4030.926513671875]
[17558.177734375]
[14485.0947265625]
[1506.575927734375]
[9760.3271484375]
[1802.3773193359375]
[2399.258544921875]
[965320.75]
[9035810.0]
[6194.57958984375]
[14240.31640625]
[956602.5625]
[5235.20263671875]
[27309724.0]
[5195.2373046875]
[4853.34326171875]
[1693.84814453125]
[4804.64453125]
[13292.33203125]
[25431798.0]
[4835.28759765625]
[12990.5859375]
[12910.8125]
[30863.095703125]
[11344.0771484375]
[279331.75]
[8719.3154296875]
[3569.352783203125]
[2133.37353515625]
[7883531.5]
[5449.12109375]
[12486.365234375]
[1340.8140869140625]
[1771.3751220703125]
[7984.10546875]
[12332.4150390625]
[4941.6083984375]
[12264.46484375]
[2505283.75]
[4501.365234375]
[1319.17919921875]
[4474.275390625]
[87094.5390625]
[12072.4697265625]
[809584.1875]
[3146.074462890625]
[2046.790771484375]
[7508.962890625]
[4250.6572265625]
[3006.73876953125]
[1653.9798583984375]
[1501.07177734375]
[771466.3125]
[3262.595703125]
[27518.61328125]
[11483.8203125]
[10118.861328125]
[11466.92578125]
[4606.447265625]
[1939.294189453125]
[7890.0068359375]
[11438.37890625]
[11394.4375]
[4185.95361328125]
[4111.2783203125]
[7183657.0]
[11353.486328125]
[1222.317138671875]
[11359.607421875]
[4077.962890625]
[21823390.0]
[81047.4140625]
[4868.06640625]
[11104.4228515625]
[4067.03662109375]
[1200.23681640625]
[11020.93359375]
[2256564.0]
[1860.8651123046875]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[3834.12939453125]
[10397.052734375]
[75124.4765625]
[10344.26171875]
[6534552.5]
[10284.8232421875]
[24703.44921875]
[4180.41259765625]
[3692.343505859375]
[10220.0498046875]
[4453.2314453125]
[3727.42431640625]
[19617814.0]
[1349.5584716796875]
[675581.6875]
[9986.86328125]
[218918.453125]
[6972.3662109375]
[9873.7333984375]
[2850.376953125]
[2638.622802734375]
[11966.009765625]
[9756.046875]
[3566.926025390625]
[70015.046875]
[9681.0927734375]
[9670.251953125]
[3541.30126953125]
[648143.625]
[1081.5699462890625]
[1428.4951171875]
[3512.9970703125]
conversion error
conversion error
[5800343.5]
[9156.3984375]
[3301.659423828125]
[65825.7109375]
[1246.1754150390625]
[1871883.25]
[2656.7314453125]
[1576.26513671875]
[3307.996826171875]
[8965.181640625]
[17388404.0]
[64531.76953125]
[8898.18359375]
[6027.05615234375]
[3893.28759765625]
[590783.75]
[10797.982421875]
[8736.0927734375]
[8710.009765625]
[3188.118408203125]
[6258.4423828125]
[7639.6357421875]
[3619.366455078125]
[20555.685546875]
[989.8181762695312]
[988.3423461914062]
[3142.255859375]
[2368.26611328125]
[8527.9658203125]
[187405.34375]
[3130.801513671875]
[8493.2978515625]
conversion error
conversion error
[5955.75390625]
[10060.4853515625]
[3606.66943359375]
[936.155029296875]
[2983.661865234375]
[1433.1873779296875]
[8073.19873046875]
[8037.32421875]
[15694746.0]
[7117.30615234375]
[7976.73828125]
[2933.0908203125]
[2919.55615234375]
[1407.44677734375]
[2856.984375]
[7835.81884765625]
[2885.474365234375]
[7791.41015625]
[5438.33056640625]
[172350.265625]
[4937433.0]
[524777.0625]
[3301.0244140625]
[7664.080078125]
[55761.26171875]
[7590.28955078125]
[518302.4375]
[7586.80615234375]
[2153.3203125]
[894.5253295898438]
[1181.2911376953125]
[2791.655029296875]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[14148856.0]
[7883.744140625]
[7123.64794921875]
[1295.9345703125]
[482859.625]
[590.067138671875]
[2613.1044921875]
[24078.689453125]
[6957.11328125]
[1277.22705078125]
[6909.9267578125]
[2581.1689453125]
[265.3750305175781]
[6868.83056640625]
[1440139.0]
[830.506591796875]
[50182.5390625]
[2554.613525390625]
[467036.15625]
[6761.22119140625]
[1985.3594970703125]
[2497.936767578125]
[1703.5714111328125]
[2491.90234375]
[5205.7333984375]
[6056.12890625]
[819.6203002929688]
[2522.7431640625]
[6714.962890625]
[6708.97119140625]
[2976.09375]
[2516.5966796875]
conversion error
conversion error
[1621.3377685546875]
[4665.7099609375]
[248.98565673828125]
[6372.7392578125]
[151.33274841308594]
[6394.1591796875]
[6382.33740234375]
[2032.280029296875]
[2396.0947265625]
[2394.9775390625]
[5735.84423828125]
[6363.39794921875]
[6359.48046875]
[15297.822265625]
[46725.65625]
[946.531005859375]
[6346.025390625]
[769.9824829101562]
[142912.75]
[2378.163818359375]
[21959.328125]
[2820.610595703125]
[46327.515625]
[1339797.125]
[5648.421875]
[435206.15625]
[2324.111572265625]
[6235.55126953125]
[6254.333984375]
[6246.11669921875]
[4898.92236328125]
[1005.9553833007812]
conversion error
conversion error
[11937697.0]
[5932.15234375]
[4712.13818359375]
[1498.2425537109375]
[140.36639404296875]
[887.3831787109375]
[42470.48828125]
[2643.980224609375]
[398174.25]
[2189.1494140625]
[2184.46484375]
[5724.45703125]
[228.18333435058594]
[2651.171875]
[1869.90673828125]
[5173.2685546875]
[5649.21044921875]
[1198234.25]
[489.5933837890625]
[5654.61767578125]
[3655604.5]
[2114.09423828125]
[2141.486083984375]
[5597.92578125]
[19501.025390625]
[2096.947265625]
[2126.6748046875]
[701.4885864257812]
[5508.962890625]
[5531.38134765625]
[1684.2027587890625]
[105.11280059814453]
conversion error
conversion error
[12449.580078125]
[5286.86376953125]
[5280.359375]
[1024.9736328125]
[1995.9879150390625]
[5229.47802734375]
[2027.90087890625]
[2472.130859375]
[5218.42578125]
[1752.4044189453125]
[357580.3125]
[2019.766357421875]
[665.6258544921875]
[6916.47998046875]
[212.96493530273438]
[1091850.125]
[99.48381805419922]
[18248.119140625]
[2001.827392578125]
[1332.25439453125]
[128.65310668945312]
[351795.375]
[37048.17578125]
[5191.59521484375]
[5183.93359375]
[4684.2763671875]
[1584.70654296875]
[658.0576782226562]
[448.11590576171875]
[2403.83056640625]
[4267.23486328125]
[4717.67626953125]
conversion error
conversion error
[11442.1259765625]
[78.11929321289062]
[108217.7265625]
[4138.24951171875]
[2314.2978515625]
[2318.822998046875]
[332291.375]
[5586.224609375]
[1885.9666748046875]
[1510.8046875]
[4902.34619140625]
[1883.2227783203125]
[4894.56103515625]
[1885.756591796875]
[3734.41162109375]
[828.3937377929688]
[4884.69091796875]
[329860.75]
[1880.05029296875]
[4475.86962890625]
[620.7374877929688]
[951.3895874023438]
[1871.917236328125]
[4852.345703125]
[17061.359375]
[1632.546142578125]
[4835.666015625]
[947.6668090820312]
[92.01649475097656]
[3089835.75]
[1855.0078125]
[1854.1854248046875]
conversion error
conversion error
[592.8618774414062]
[1780.72265625]
[100515.328125]
[590.7223510742188]
[72.89213562011719]
[4547.9716796875]
[4538.66552734375]
[4539.40966796875]
[902.3973388671875]
[95.05779266357422]
[1753.489990234375]
[2163.583251953125]
[4491.95361328125]
[3506.1982421875]
[897.984375]
[3863.890869140625]
[1154.1180419921875]
[1743.0118408203125]
[1741.41845703125]
[300902.25]
[8690831.0]
[4028.04931640625]
[73.4461441040039]
[86.10166931152344]
[15275.9423828125]
[762.95068359375]
[4283.21142578125]
[2054.4013671875]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[4241.087890625]
[1678.9012451171875]
[4210.22900390625]
[3944.884033203125]
conversion error
conversion error
[4035.687255859375]
[1607.6524658203125]
[1951.8817138671875]
[1047.7127685546875]
[3998.951904296875]
[264226.4375]
[1431.0791015625]
[2484289.0]
[1582.135498046875]
[1583.850341796875]
[3932.17041015625]
[1577.8070068359375]
[3253.274169921875]
[68.9666976928711]
[3889.77685546875]
[361.0395202636719]
[667.1328125]
[718.9117431640625]
[1559.4459228515625]
[3852.409912109375]
[66.05021667480469]
[173.01974487304688]
[1307.4102783203125]
[81904.9375]
[74.99136352539062]
[13551.6845703125]
[26432.171875]
[79.82063293457031]
[104.49274444580078]
[813.2684936523438]
[1538.643798828125]
[7265903.5]
[733649.8125]
[70.81627655029297]
[3600.553955078125]
[1464.4666748046875]
[776.2715454101562]
[941.443115234375]
[3515.621337890625]
[99.2302017211914]
[1440.2801513671875]
[224482.1875]
[6478991.5]
[2086971.375]
[619.5392456054688]
[1225.7489013671875]
[7311.9287109375]
[210606.5]
[21880.3515625]
[3187.91845703125]
[3245.893798828125]
[3815.33837890625]
[1361.549072265625]
[21111.376953125]
[1624.1512451171875]
[3169.028076171875]
[734.0154418945312]
[1776.272705078125]
[3142.08837890625]
[3138.130615234375]
[3127.511962890625]
[314.953125]
[61.6032600402832]
[59.3579216003418]
[19487.203125]
[1300.89697265625]
[703.4113159179688]
[2981.80224609375]
[476.77264404296875]
[74.79544830322266]
[1288.8968505859375]
[19303.998046875]
[2820.792724609375]
[817.8138427734375]
[1291.83642578125]
[55.21852493286133]
[69.7169189453125]
[5316746.0]
[181721.625]
[2925.7373046875]
[178897.0]
[6129.17578125]
[567.3651733398438]
[1171.486083984375]
[91.04290771484375]
[2846.960693359375]
[54.26652526855469]
[2829.7529296875]
[463.8146057128906]
[1118.276611328125]
[1469.1488037109375]
[1246.192626953125]
[290.2341613769531]
[2794.534912109375]
[2874.676513671875]
[1253.7451171875]
[1210.898193359375]
[53.20664978027344]
[1213.661865234375]
[1580.70361328125]
[1200.7872314453125]
[580.8209228515625]
[164.91275024414062]
[3214.35693359375]
[2667.470703125]
[49.915523529052734]
[2661.1552734375]
[140.50131225585938]
[49.39208984375]
[2650.104736328125]
[2660.4970703125]
[65.03103637695312]
[9336.2314453125]
[638.7490234375]
[85.06210327148438]
[59.87883758544922]
[2652.148193359375]
[1199.67529296875]
[435.3477478027344]
[1197.1033935546875]
[2652.914306640625]
[634.0110473632812]
[433.392578125]
[2574.472412109375]
[1190.6478271484375]
[490358.125]
[5503.525390625]
[1033.9622802734375]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[1148.6917724609375]
[545.5027465820312]
[1144.9532470703125]
[1176.4034423828125]
[993.5487670898438]
[103.93696594238281]
[2540.16064453125]
[1782.1578369140625]
[317.7256774902344]
[1333.7325439453125]
[2434.924560546875]
[44.89292526245117]
[717.333251953125]
[15872.42578125]
[55.9538688659668]
[2514.167236328125]
[401.4835205078125]
[151177.84375]
[2507.16943359375]
[2507.468017578125]
[6230.50732421875]
[397.52362060546875]
[46.030513763427734]
[435.8688659667969]
[1108.7218017578125]
[6020.52685546875]
[48532.08984375]
[584.2838745117188]
[1032.278564453125]
[1422.6865234375]
[181.43344116210938]
[2478.43701171875]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[5553.13330078125]
[48.33684158325195]
[21744.037109375]
[1060.077392578125]
[5322.31689453125]
[995.9771728515625]
[5195.97119140625]
[5132.4775390625]
[1361.3984375]
[78.80706024169922]
[4953.04736328125]
[5552.603515625]
[42.10017013549805]
[105.9628677368164]
[440066.625]
[1045.4749755859375]
[14766.1611328125]
[4631.62158203125]
[146.90309143066406]
[18170.970703125]
[141365.015625]
[4464.9755859375]
[4417.146484375]
[17386.93359375]
[4306.7626953125]
[4246.72802734375]
[16662.17578125]
[4120.78466796875]
[4056.399658203125]
[19995.16796875]
[3925.651611328125]
[31.901762008666992]
[134080.84375]
[63.09489440917969]
[1000.76220703125]
[173.91610717773438]
[2778.22900390625]
[16720.87890625]
[2050.97900390625]
[323.3838195800781]
[1260300.375]
[2146.588134765625]
[16052.4658203125]
[869.3125610351562]
[12891.79296875]
[3843.0927734375]
[983.8692016601562]
[1990.5228271484375]
[990.3152465820312]
[28.908262252807617]
[630.0079956054688]
[41149.703125]
[3029.547607421875]
[511.8301696777344]
[223.0255126953125]
[2184.688232421875]
[2182.778564453125]
[2950.56103515625]
[2937.064453125]
[2922.79345703125]
[972.3292846679688]
[29.597639083862305]
[2882.418701171875]
[2869.531494140625]
[13267.611328125]
[2100.183837890625]
[10823.5712890625]
[299.68035888671875]
[2690.132568359375]
[2669.634033203125]
[2649.48193359375]
[10423.6845703125]
[2606.7373046875]
[944.5858764648438]
[2564.2177734375]
[2544.706787109375]
[3020.771240234375]
[2507.027099609375]
[944.457275390625]
[12498.1796875]
[2451.78369140625]
[2431.859619140625]
[9566.486328125]
[32.44386291503906]
[2370.806884765625]
[9319.9638671875]
[220.1919403076172]
[106.09844970703125]
[12310.076171875]
[11177.9853515625]
[945.39404296875]
[26.631399154663086]
[8814.1728515625]
[2209.988037109375]
[2603.646484375]
[10423.6533203125]
[2094.662109375]
[2077.80078125]
[11850.474609375]
[2031.0311279296875]
[1856.135009765625]
[58.39604568481445]
[537.0399169921875]
[1111.182373046875]
[2576.25146484375]
[7833.6845703125]
[7788.26513671875]
[2029.9493408203125]
[341.2781982421875]
[1900.8399658203125]
[7597.3212890625]
[3345471.75]
[2258.587646484375]
[43.116859436035156]
[9208.2578125]
[766.1146850585938]
[55.82590866088867]
[8943.41796875]
[27.015928268432617]
[654.3881225585938]
[215.33453369140625]
[1809.9091796875]
[1801.5068359375]
[1792.7203369140625]
[1783.6715087890625]
[1774.44140625]
[8494.60546875]
[41.79267883300781]
[25.089059829711914]
[1684.78857421875]
[880.5803833007812]
[70.09996795654297]
[7891.9560546875]
[1858.9971923828125]
[1797.7991943359375]
[1136.0096435546875]
[1628.0780029296875]
[31.921653747558594]
[1614.76220703125]
[470.1058654785156]
[98.36634063720703]
[6271.162109375]
[6239.82373046875]
[50.987239837646484]
[1569.4976806640625]
[1847.9447021484375]
[39.11955642700195]
[1510.018798828125]
[6043.552734375]
[7263.068359375]
[7207.56640625]
[5913.33056640625]
[5858.564453125]
[5800.36328125]
[5739.34814453125]
[271.51678466796875]
[1432.3509521484375]
[122.8912124633789]
[6664.09619140625]
[5466.47314453125]
[1344.9102783203125]
[84.4963607788086]
[1766.4332275390625]
[5128.6962890625]
[1300.4451904296875]
[265.0403747558594]
[2709094.75]
[6009.375]
[1711.79736328125]
[1256.7542724609375]
[4878.86474609375]
[4845.3369140625]
[6672.6162109375]
[819724.5]
[1213.110595703125]
[4704.42041015625]
[4669.6083984375]
[1186.60400390625]
[1177.3887939453125]
[1670.094970703125]
[1160.7652587890625]
[80.33199310302734]
[479.0390625]
[1140.1866455078125]
[8238.2216796875]
[1128.5496826171875]
[1139.3330078125]
[792.86572265625]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1753.313720703125]
[1108.63330078125]
[1104.294921875]
[4306.02880859375]
[1068.9801025390625]
[1035.799560546875]
[1058.3743896484375]
[437.6387023925781]
[5669.62646484375]
[136.14247131347656]
[1040.264892578125]
[4054.3310546875]
[1031.214599609375]
[1537.96533203125]
[3998.10498046875]
[1016.2101440429688]
[74523.3515625]
[3937.1357421875]
[3914.67626953125]
[2729.706298828125]
[812.7734985351562]
[3844.8408203125]
[953.318359375]
[448.4461975097656]
[966.5035400390625]
[3757.066650390625]
[955.9347534179688]
[950.4612426757812]
[3690.748046875]
[771.0599365234375]
[228956.703125]
[23.680957794189453]
[1823.1595458984375]
[920.7064208984375]
[85.87225341796875]
[21.22872543334961]
[1038.39599609375]
[23.323406219482422]
[3440.117919921875]
[1031.6319580078125]
[4120.84814453125]
[1825.7767333984375]
[866.5851440429688]
[835.2747802734375]
[1506.85498046875]
[70501.546875]
[821.3068237304688]
[38.001705169677734]
[1510.0107421875]
[3944.956298828125]
[840.617431640625]
[2425.02978515625]
[834.2957763671875]
[794.4019775390625]
[217004.28125]
[1508.40283203125]
[824.2549438476562]
[1656.7618408203125]
[819.5030517578125]
[1641.0816650390625]
[3155.0693359375]
[811.074462890625]
[807.71923828125]
[804.35205078125]
[5087.3740234375]
[796.841552734375]
[1690.7958984375]
[436.9251708984375]
[61.190185546875]
[3583.79248046875]
[207141.984375]
[761.3408813476562]
[3546.52490234375]
[147.9332275390625]
[750.8350219726562]
[1449.2811279296875]
[744.0946044921875]
[2871.797119140625]
[737.0399169921875]
[5187.3349609375]
[2829.6328125]
[725.82763671875]
[2799.397705078125]
[717.4646606445312]
[713.181884765625]
[848.393798828125]
[705.0410766601562]
[297.6738586425781]
[295.97857666015625]
[772.8173217773438]
[3255.37841796875]
[686.144775390625]
[663.4598999023438]
[24.4341983795166]
[6826.16015625]
[1431.611572265625]
[668.68408203125]
[43.95957565307617]
[662.9324951171875]
[775.6141967773438]
[645.6542358398438]
[1743.9664306640625]
[35.90279006958008]
[2487.68310546875]
[635.6963500976562]
[410.23773193359375]
[1373.8238525390625]
[2998.261474609375]
[440.4981994628906]
[404.0687255859375]
[945.35888671875]
[2400.9443359375]
[1402.524169921875]
[610.4111938476562]
[2216.841552734375]
[6613.69873046875]
[27.930418014526367]
[1390.0068359375]
[612.7982788085938]
[33.51756286621094]
[1388.8555908203125]
[593.3615112304688]
[591.5971069335938]
[239.0173797607422]
[2287.077880859375]
[238.77374267578125]
[583.2958984375]
[4117.8125]
[2248.75634765625]
[76.30752563476562]
[673.0554809570312]
[568.5784912109375]
[2167.651611328125]
[1365.11279296875]
[1364.8807373046875]
[2130.421630859375]
[544.6671142578125]
[236.08438110351562]
[354.29644775390625]
[629.1468505859375]
[1366.0621337890625]
[529.891357421875]
[527.314697265625]
[2040.506103515625]
[521.4566650390625]
[518.2637939453125]
[1364.6751708984375]
[512.3255615234375]
[2417.688232421875]
[1971.79296875]
[2523.676513671875]
[1940.4136962890625]
[582.8075561523438]
[61750.453125]
[18.737638473510742]
[1348.102783203125]
[20.732524871826172]
[478.9594421386719]
[1846.8470458984375]
[473.7317199707031]
[456.236083984375]
[1812.9769287109375]
[20.32680320739746]
[462.4312438964844]
[47.16387176513672]
[451.5498962402344]
[449.01202392578125]
[72.1233901977539]
[558.4254760742188]
[19208.654296875]
[1700.6182861328125]
[761.4071655273438]
[815.892333984375]
[37.8740234375]
[2139.29541015625]
[413.35577392578125]
[549.263427734375]
[288.99609375]
[423.3282775878906]
[1630.2054443359375]
[419.3005065917969]
[1612.888427734375]
[1602.6534423828125]
[1020.1494750976562]
[519.2940063476562]
[1568.359375]
[401.6996154785156]
[1606.37939453125]
[395.6974182128906]
[747.41796875]
[390.59344482421875]
[1325.732666015625]
[386.1391296386719]
[1492.4840087890625]
[263.05560302734375]
[371.0559387207031]
[373.7923583984375]
[1442.9241943359375]
[4543.8017578125]
[1424.87890625]
[1414.9130859375]
[1581.63916015625]
[736.7597045898438]
[231.255859375]
[82.30534362792969]
[50.0492057800293]
[378.3013610839844]
[343.0367431640625]
[347.71258544921875]
[902.6132202148438]
[344.3028564453125]
[1276.274169921875]
[340.9643249511719]
[236.85443115234375]
[18.63036346435547]
[224.30804443359375]
[68.39818572998047]
[1302.414306640625]
[6029.681640625]
[1293.9876708984375]
[750.4932861328125]
[2022.3394775390625]
[1292.1451416015625]
[983.2457885742188]
[1589.1038818359375]
[1271.4124755859375]
[324.92791748046875]
[20.90265464782715]
[348.5496520996094]
[1245.5645751953125]
[319.1841735839844]
[317.6502685546875]
[1227.5909423828125]
[18.35933494567871]
[1213.40966796875]
[580.7440185546875]
[20.7199649810791]
[1263.057373046875]
[1262.83642578125]
[303.9042053222656]
[56219.9296875]
[1259.3760986328125]
[219.49249267578125]
[1448.6326904296875]
[1256.740478515625]
[5856.9716796875]
[296.4067687988281]
[295.4297790527344]
[1136.3182373046875]
[1130.4752197265625]
[398.6810302734375]
[1117.0538330078125]
[218.0457000732422]
[384.8246765136719]
[530572.0625]
[284.0726013183594]
[723.4119262695312]
[138.36093139648438]
[282.32867431640625]
[281.72613525390625]
[281.2387390136719]
[192.64376831054688]
[723.0173950195312]
[29.145286560058594]
[278.5599670410156]
[277.90484619140625]
[54.6874885559082]
[140.96176147460938]
[1058.4091796875]
[1054.768310546875]
[18.362777709960938]
[272.2427062988281]
[270.99554443359375]
[269.73150634765625]
[708.6068725585938]
[267.3160095214844]
[17.956296920776367]
[1374.1351318359375]
[1017.020263671875]
[42.9223747253418]
[1250.3436279296875]
[260.52520751953125]
[90.210205078125]
[16.903343200683594]
[988.0016479492188]
[4149.76318359375]
[254.40797424316406]
[1487.8028564453125]
[465.187255859375]
[269.4161376953125]
[707.0362548828125]
[495.1760559082031]
[250.08279418945312]
[49357.73046875]
[36.000484466552734]
[247.84449768066406]
[943.156005859375]
[17.486597061157227]
[935.2760009765625]
[261.55438232421875]
[86.28899383544922]
[736.2162475585938]
[213.21896362304688]
[913.62841796875]
[696.7860107421875]
[1147.93896484375]
[235.76219177246094]
[234.50997924804688]
[233.2591552734375]
[1092.7080078125]
[453.5239562988281]
[1164.72216796875]
[15796.6708984375]
[863.5183715820312]
[367.171875]
[712.423095703125]
[223.91567993164062]
[844.4761962890625]
[211.60018920898438]
[385.7471923828125]
[21.842815399169922]
[33.080753326416016]
[216.86257934570312]
[215.90423583984375]
[820.0262451171875]
[366.513427734375]
[1328.342529296875]
[807.1187744140625]
[1145.8082275390625]
[797.8618774414062]
[209.30628967285156]
[787.544921875]
[1461.2908935546875]
[960.4346923828125]
[203.6460418701172]
[202.27210998535156]
[1145.00439453125]
[1144.068603515625]
[60.372642517089844]
[47727.265625]
[1049.01708984375]
[196.15420532226562]
[380.5445251464844]
[133.64642333984375]
[194.13198852539062]
[729.9659423828125]
[726.6162719726562]
[705.1058349609375]
[4946.5908203125]
[17.792034149169922]
[712.3724975585938]
[28.773324966430664]
[703.021240234375]
[1135.0491943359375]
[185.33131408691406]
[18.727760314941406]
[697.5680541992188]
[1425.138427734375]
[185.03970336914062]
[1120.748291015625]
[692.1704711914062]
[176.10800170898438]
[14909.669921875]
[631.667724609375]
[174.28692626953125]
[691.3074951171875]
[350.87628173828125]
[1025.7412109375]
[4824.6123046875]
[670.4559936523438]
[667.8021850585938]
[139.1625213623047]
[694.8486938476562]
[2093.287353515625]
[1590.317138671875]
[142522.90625]
[196.4915008544922]
[52.356536865234375]
[171.96255493164062]
[647.625732421875]
[18.485963821411133]
[643.1707153320312]
[4731.71240234375]
[890.8468017578125]
[1102.18505859375]
[27.691694259643555]
[2163.421875]
[166.41659545898438]
[136560.65625]
[841.8007202148438]
[281.1873474121094]
[167.2308807373047]
[166.64947509765625]
[159.77255249023438]
[18.390933990478516]
[618.6744384765625]
[41.6051139831543]
[364.6533203125]
[66.5080337524414]
[759.3995361328125]
[2003.2060546875]
[593.6324462890625]
[1367.3074951171875]
[595.9765014648438]
[158.32115173339844]
[157.41082763671875]
[156.48081970214844]
[88.43170928955078]
[154.63705444335938]
[15.874889373779297]
[574.40771484375]
[192.7559356689453]
[1357.5411376953125]
[62.411563873291016]
[229.6485595703125]
[149.02694702148438]
[148.29054260253906]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[560.6229858398438]
[557.8441772460938]
[455.8185119628906]
[176.3925018310547]
[670.764892578125]
[672.5742797851562]
[550.5703125]
[144.4111785888672]
[192.66261291503906]
[142.6331787109375]
[1058.9085693359375]
[3653.031494140625]
[140.35775756835938]
[674.5888061523438]
[138.90640258789062]
[138.14584350585938]
[137.38121032714844]
[846.6883544921875]
[152.56655883789062]
[15.45345687866211]
[350.9095764160156]
[279.8370361328125]
[506.22808837890625]
[824.9586181640625]
[500.3067932128906]
[25.882070541381836]
[533.678466796875]
[1031.5135498046875]
[664.21875]
[15.773730278015137]
[4377.50830078125]
[828.470703125]
[1049.6370849609375]
[1281.5506591796875]
[127.3434829711914]
[22.591142654418945]
[483.3066101074219]
[129.7891845703125]
[185.14573669433594]
[476.6582946777344]
[127.81145477294922]
[470.8929443359375]
[467.30352783203125]
[124.88285064697266]
[123.77261352539062]
[980.1168823242188]
[452.0341491699219]
[120.63766479492188]
[15.213971138000488]
[41086.328125]
[155.22808837890625]
[117.22757720947266]
[650.660400390625]
[115.93630981445312]
[552.0736083984375]
[427.665283203125]
[40844.09375]
[634.4390869140625]
[112.88249969482422]
[999.6165771484375]
[134.7401580810547]
[25.07677459716797]
[615.6193237304688]
[410.2479248046875]
[1291.390625]
[24.973773956298828]
[17.10548210144043]
[413.414794921875]
[650.1287841796875]
[1456.671875]
[184.01385498046875]
[14.685681343078613]
[521.1551513671875]
[4185.7080078125]
[109.18218994140625]
[398.1432800292969]
[1279.14599609375]
[2260.8671875]
[391.7153015136719]
[815.94970703125]
[649.2523803710938]
[996.6121215820312]
[1230.6019287109375]
[3439.24755859375]
[104.80912017822266]
[104.4686050415039]
[18.845094680786133]
[16.172853469848633]
[376.3891906738281]
[636.2383422851562]
[3520.9287109375]
[15.181356430053711]
[370.53839111328125]
[368.6646423339844]
[100.5379409790039]
[50.359683990478516]
[968.93017578125]
[98.66395568847656]
[461.188720703125]
[641.3468627929688]
[16.9356632232666]
[94.62256622314453]
[361.0390319824219]
[93.80908203125]
[39260.82421875]
[144.0423126220703]
[352.30596923828125]
[97.80551147460938]
[14.590300559997559]
[96.89404296875]
[469.6399230957031]
[434.51409912109375]
[276.689697265625]
[94.79292297363281]
[94.30001068115234]
[334.42034912109375]
[4088.794677734375]
[1209.2032470703125]
[92.07675170898438]
[326.1139221191406]
[646.9305419921875]
[29.611040115356445]
[959.0499267578125]
[101.54891967773438]
[316.4004821777344]
[38.255184173583984]
[735.3700561523438]
[87.23782348632812]
[1421.7716064453125]
[394.11456298828125]
[304.73126220703125]
[89.52824401855469]
[311.7978210449219]
[88.2591781616211]
[14.832292556762695]
[86.89337921142578]
[571.3216552734375]
[7191.443359375]
[85.0328140258789]
[968.3339233398438]
[15.730945587158203]
[83.49005126953125]
[288.55023193359375]
[146.0431671142578]
[946.227783203125]
[3402.0849609375]
[281.44903564453125]
[80.356689453125]
[277.7225646972656]
[79.09062957763672]
[420.77288818359375]
[271.5523986816406]
[966.84619140625]
[1748.85791015625]
[75.96672058105469]
[75.43640899658203]
[1580.352294921875]
[260.30792236328125]
[426.03472900390625]
[423.08868408203125]
[71.58674621582031]
[70.7361068725586]
[297.0399169921875]
[2155.675537109375]
[69.68904113769531]
[245.9447021484375]
[4025.5556640625]
[294.55230712890625]
[143.27670288085938]
[7062.59814453125]
[251.7301025390625]
[69.79083251953125]
[69.36547088623047]
[33.45897674560547]
[608.0617065429688]
[68.12640380859375]
[359936.125]
[128.76100158691406]
[246.74468994140625]
[48.38108444213867]
[247.92820739746094]
[23.20943832397461]
[332.6972961425781]
[13.95382308959961]
[1175.8470458984375]
[14.227912902832031]
[33.613155364990234]
[67.77979278564453]
[320.2364807128906]
[22.626689910888672]
[897.7529907226562]
[74.2790298461914]
[916.9827270507812]
[1679.8583984375]
[615.3757934570312]
[16.236677169799805]
[371.3642272949219]
[35.0830192565918]
[404.81915283203125]
[254.90542602539062]
[253.49600219726562]
[30.306398391723633]
[71.58231353759766]
[71.0287857055664]
[610.2024536132812]
[69.94959259033203]
[13.738775253295898]
[14.756606101989746]
[21.4748477935791]
[240.2384796142578]
[3087.041259765625]
[313.5296936035156]
[236.42774963378906]
[576.20068359375]
[1444.8629150390625]
[65.43213653564453]
[605.55078125]
[228.1163330078125]
[75.5278549194336]
[22.807363510131836]
[62.87578201293945]
[296.6015930175781]
[360.2090148925781]
[298.35040283203125]
[897.4949951171875]
[61.29417419433594]
[61.050479888916016]
[64.89138793945312]
[29.298851013183594]
[1385.0736083984375]
[1034.3070068359375]
[63.42524719238281]
[63.027042388916016]
[62.59980010986328]
[390.1165771484375]
[210.5729522705078]
[60.856449127197266]
[383.4588623046875]
[59.419986724853516]
[204.11557006835938]
[1176.4820556640625]
[168.1085968017578]
[56.71391296386719]
[56.15787124633789]
[55.62105941772461]
[889.37548828125]
[55.3971061706543]
[888.9335327148438]
[29.637924194335938]
[53.5615348815918]
[53.225162506103516]
[102838.1484375]
[61.506385803222656]
[52.99241256713867]
[882.1533813476562]
[20.6203556060791]
[1992.5982666015625]
[602.689208984375]
[882.4473266601562]
[591.64306640625]
[599.749267578125]
[133.22105407714844]
[177.2945556640625]
[56.77223587036133]
[306.8398132324219]
[56.709171295166016]
[56.6217041015625]
[1097.40625]
[230.58815002441406]
[97.43366241455078]
[56.14254379272461]
[55.99159622192383]
[62.98751449584961]
[55.574493408203125]
[203.5479736328125]
[77.73710632324219]
[871.9921264648438]
[599.592529296875]
[53.88337707519531]
[53.55662536621094]
[68.68411254882812]
[31845.27734375]
[56.317256927490234]
[67.7775650024414]
[1003.8994750976562]
[727.1602172851562]
[190.66690063476562]
[547.2156982421875]
[51.779754638671875]
[10205.4677734375]
[186.5177001953125]
[194.62046813964844]
[97119.328125]
[54.1859016418457]
[1922.93212890625]
[1121.8050537109375]
[14.666202545166016]
[158.6924591064453]
[44.176513671875]
[13.53088665008545]
[54.09763717651367]
[20.026609420776367]
[189.7995147705078]
[573.0320434570312]
[53.722801208496094]
[165.4896697998047]
[2962.946533203125]
[439.7191467285156]
[3201.648681640625]
[53.11003112792969]
[291.354736328125]
[13.1148099899292]
[596.17626953125]
[224.6600799560547]
[285475.21875]
[26.820598602294922]
[18.997241973876953]
[191.58349609375]
[30.48291015625]
[123.11876678466797]
[5992.0537109375]
[1187.615478515625]
[56.34321594238281]
[209.27078247070312]
[59.531524658203125]
[208.85504150390625]
[58.98625946044922]
[274.39715576171875]
[2821.2646484375]
[57.96953201293945]
[8723.1611328125]
[201.6415557861328]
[200.13543701171875]
[285.2268371582031]
[2712.207275390625]
[55.750858306884766]
[1020.47509765625]
[192.73406982421875]
[120.14989471435547]
[14.639476776123047]
[54.001365661621094]
[545.9949340820312]
[186.64683532714844]
[185.32763671875]
[794.52734375]
[102.20768737792969]
[51.79304504394531]
[50.557498931884766]
[4339.47607421875]
[18.72869300842285]
[50.40888214111328]
[794.5537719726562]
[49.812950134277344]
[23.353410720825195]
[49.227352142333984]
[51.49647521972656]
[51.14320373535156]
[176.0606689453125]
[50.353816986083984]
[49.92710494995117]
[49.241539001464844]
[171.8109893798828]
[787.9258422851562]
[66.3143081665039]
[47.95499038696289]
[19.313623428344727]
[151.0524444580078]
[46.90061569213867]
[46.57389831542969]
[163.73016357421875]
[45.8766975402832]
[504.0528564453125]
[195.99771118164062]
[44.83710479736328]
[158.1560516357422]
[5415.162109375]
[1058.772705078125]
[315.553466796875]
[121.01966857910156]
[783.162353515625]
[42.861263275146484]
[727.847412109375]
[28.12759780883789]
[118.0414810180664]
[2772.527099609375]
[41.97642135620117]
[41.816463470458984]
[550.6531372070312]
[151.60992431640625]
[117.3685531616211]
[773.4647827148438]
[16.342960357666016]
[60.958106994628906]
[4239.53271484375]
[18.18393898010254]
[14.16427230834961]
[12.839354515075684]
[12.8860502243042]
[334.86187744140625]
[772.7127075195312]
[531.04052734375]
[41.512386322021484]
[12.566262245178223]
[40.938106536865234]
[145.67401123046875]
[1737.2327880859375]
[176.35165405273438]
[209.8883056640625]
[189.41671752929688]
[40.11450958251953]
[752.1136474609375]
[206.67201232910156]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[39.76103210449219]
[138.09658813476562]
[39.559303283691406]
[39.414432525634766]
[24.990251541137695]
[39.076168060302734]
[132.24713134765625]
[41.48041534423828]
[41.206851959228516]
[40.90483474731445]
[132.8191375732422]
[12.609045028686523]
[5511.4580078125]
[18.034879684448242]
[60.91835021972656]
[542.838134765625]
[540.37353515625]
[761.5289916992188]
[125.59142303466797]
[746.5750732421875]
[124.0315933227539]
[1102.9124755859375]
[880.3218994140625]
[37.193668365478516]
[17.875526428222656]
[120.22708892822266]
[756.9632568359375]
[36.28174591064453]
[207.70164489746094]
[2784.86474609375]
[536.64208984375]
[43.017189025878906]
[35.361270904541016]
[307.00921630859375]
[1392.4703369140625]
[755.6813354492188]
[2672.690673828125]
[167.53375244140625]
[12.323880195617676]
[38.14042663574219]
[12.523122787475586]
[169.55560302734375]
[20.616369247436523]
[115.71417236328125]
[265.5912170410156]
[114.44799041748047]
[38.15095138549805]
[37.94099044799805]
[38.30133819580078]
[37.459442138671875]
[854.373291015625]
[936.520751953125]
[108.68246459960938]
[36.460975646972656]
[1096.9573974609375]
[746.26806640625]
[458.0959777832031]
[148.28036499023438]
[1687.7462158203125]
[18.116783142089844]
[2492.1044921875]
[100.9666519165039]
[50.52267074584961]
[81.22512817382812]
[678.8517456054688]
[468.1994934082031]
[16.102596282958984]
[196.02874755859375]
[96.68794250488281]
[32.74067687988281]
[95.11617279052734]
[152.08811950683594]
[521.4695434570312]
[27.260595321655273]
[34.47825622558594]
[34.36042022705078]
[20.66925811767578]
[153.92147827148438]
[33.93671798706055]
[716.3597412109375]
[92.43638610839844]
[13.049832344055176]
[16.310075759887695]
[90.35362243652344]
[204.02621459960938]
[32.5269889831543]
[88.07211303710938]
[460.7411804199219]
[33.092281341552734]
[141.48992919921875]
[30.9608097076416]
[29.61687469482422]
[8603.033203125]
[83.25927734375]
[82.62898254394531]
[81.86328887939453]
[80.98465728759766]
[28.944133758544922]
[2797.6630859375]
[28.436338424682617]
[28.162607192993164]
[27.860605239868164]
[27.534645080566406]
[96.15604400634766]
[23.133684158325195]
[28.714384078979492]
[77.28640747070312]
[27.98589515686035]
[27.593793869018555]
[27.189668655395508]
[26.77728271484375]
[2590.6435546875]
[23.454557418823242]
[25.64258575439453]
[299.61041259765625]
[24.98119354248047]
[496.39996337890625]
[719.3015747070312]
[115.77264404296875]
[13.378952980041504]
[40.84181213378906]
[288.1063537597656]
[25.458494186401367]
[26687.4921875]
[11.951773643493652]
[150.09046936035156]
[973.9690551757812]
[23.21346664428711]
[78.29646301269531]
[12.078585624694824]
[711.6434936523438]
[111.84403991699219]
[26304.109375]
[59.573265075683594]
[22.905256271362305]
conversion error
conversion error
[47.487022399902344]
[22.053997039794922]
[25.844776153564453]
[19.880373001098633]
[70.57562255859375]
[47.59231948852539]
[12.040637016296387]
[121.28739166259766]
[11.964571952819824]
[25.5648193359375]
[189.42298889160156]
[103.85340881347656]
[25.374595642089844]
[691.3370971679688]
[277.67364501953125]
[25.17369842529297]
[24.995861053466797]
[66.57537841796875]
[24.53341293334961]
[65.67230224609375]
[141.86793518066406]
[78.01876068115234]
[23.522642135620117]
[1046.4547119140625]
[5014.3046875]
[19.581972122192383]
[20.51439666748047]
[137.30682373046875]
[246.0938720703125]
[5152.6533203125]
[101.03453826904297]
[245.52410888671875]
conversion error
conversion error
[294.1903076171875]
[914.7554931640625]
[800.926025390625]
[22.669485092163086]
[696.1409301757812]
[46.10804748535156]
[681.6968994140625]
[24.272666931152344]
[290.9766845703125]
[134.07052612304688]
[1600.4759521484375]
[18.11623764038086]
[118.53194427490234]
[93.16220092773438]
[80958.59375]
[59.468505859375]
[15.94073486328125]
[25.146499633789062]
[25541.705078125]
[62.223358154296875]
[26.624805450439453]
[26.816452026367188]
[17.391538619995117]
[729294.875]
[468.0917053222656]
[30.173107147216797]
[24.947412490844727]
[23.66558074951172]
[42.50999450683594]
[645.0653076171875]
[959.7341918945312]
[629.7722778320312]
conversion error
conversion error
[170.85658264160156]
[636.77880859375]
[196.6758270263672]
[44.706573486328125]
[147.59654235839844]
[46.23196792602539]
[475.6123046875]
[32.77496337890625]
[779.6978759765625]
[152.3536834716797]
[125.78497314453125]
[187.09185791015625]
[48.72917938232422]
[339.506591796875]
[924.5669555664062]
[443.9371337890625]
[290.83856201171875]
[459.5755920410156]
[139.73208618164062]
[260.8627624511719]
[45.73446273803711]
[460.3795166015625]
[44.97724533081055]
[42.88933563232422]
[4388.52734375]
[1786.7562255859375]
[558.6550903320312]
[41.08903503417969]
[12.7543363571167]
[4370.369140625]
[12.606200218200684]
[39.743953704833984]
conversion error
conversion error
[385.1510925292969]
[231.16896057128906]
[2194.047119140625]
[123.99413299560547]
[122.83363342285156]
[39.295169830322266]
[15.18066120147705]
[124.03514862060547]
[119.49620056152344]
[161259.328125]
[601.4689331054688]
[38.15657043457031]
[38.28792190551758]
[17.95159339904785]
[122.17927551269531]
[4219.24072265625]
[123.36652374267578]
[38.64265060424805]
[38.58054733276367]
[503.90606689453125]
[123.76374816894531]
[94.07937622070312]
[122.89391326904297]
[37.808223724365234]
[20.157779693603516]
[37.267086029052734]
[1932.8929443359375]
[35.45466232299805]
[118.49198913574219]
[1336.0802001953125]
[4218.37939453125]
[172.74632263183594]
conversion error
conversion error
[419.0301818847656]
[12.900801658630371]
[574.8010864257812]
[20.11265754699707]
[92.4393081665039]
[726.7606201171875]
[110.78250122070312]
[721.8623657226562]
[35.87770080566406]
[108.3490219116211]
[427.4831237792969]
[27.559337615966797]
[34.86982345581055]
[34.58246994018555]
[20.164756774902344]
[33.969364166259766]
[51.0543098449707]
[182.27015686035156]
[33.04879379272461]
[32.743621826171875]
[99.87217712402344]
[195.56072998046875]
[101.36241149902344]
[4824.9560546875]
[31.4917049407959]
[31.312284469604492]
[423.8390197753906]
[30.922107696533203]
[93.85201263427734]
[30.46735382080078]
[17.249895095825195]
[91.73918914794922]
conversion error
conversion error
[31.142553329467773]
[12.242132186889648]
[114.86175537109375]
[37.29783630371094]
[30.090984344482422]
[89.07868194580078]
[163.35450744628906]
[712.209228515625]
[29.03549575805664]
[86.46475219726562]
[114.80901336669922]
[85.06463623046875]
[398.3641662597656]
[15.922850608825684]
[29.235279083251953]
[25.94123077392578]
[410.3096923828125]
[81.24258422851562]
[68.95921325683594]
[15.851673126220703]
[28.86172866821289]
[79.00579833984375]
[26.19781494140625]
[11.595240592956543]
[218.45346069335938]
[422.07086181640625]
[282.70184326171875]
[419.922119140625]
[91.48980712890625]
[557.75830078125]
[114.15937805175781]
[265.9376525878906]
[394.48309326171875]
[75.2177734375]
[177.7255859375]
[27.35940170288086]
[27.282041549682617]
[557.371826171875]
[238.3417205810547]
[26.946081161499023]
[405.9105224609375]
[838.6221313476562]
[47892.5]
[26.675437927246094]
[26.728471755981445]
[72.0326919555664]
[89.22137451171875]
[71.79829406738281]
[25.685264587402344]
[34.274715423583984]
[26.16460418701172]
[26.010364532470703]
[253.0251007080078]
[251.43936157226562]
[25.8063907623291]
[544.5167846679688]
[69.22824096679688]
[24.45669937133789]
[240.02415466308594]
[23.895601272583008]
[97.26244354248047]
[812.070556640625]
[23.176664352416992]
[22.970165252685547]
[686.3135375976562]
[19.0362606048584]
[27.400413513183594]
[27.221899032592773]
[685.436279296875]
[23.27938461303711]
[1788.8226318359375]
[23.30499267578125]
[70.5580825805664]
[219.57981872558594]
[16.642419815063477]
[111.22467041015625]
[1606.7962646484375]
[212.34149169921875]
[214.08587646484375]
[535.43701171875]
[72.17028045654297]
[21.962295532226562]
[1971.21630859375]
[46482.9609375]
[797.8306274414062]
[31.245746612548828]
[21.97903060913086]
[21.97528076171875]
[12.67892837524414]
[22.017601013183594]
[21.979755401611328]
[94.95381927490234]
[127.55992889404297]
[21.766061782836914]
[3840.538330078125]
[11.53853988647461]
[504.0278625488281]
[24.22528839111328]
[22.886056900024414]
[22.824661254882812]
[18.387144088745117]
[213.94097900390625]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[472.67633056640625]
[1071.1624755859375]
[22.491910934448242]
[22.445688247680664]
[48.11033248901367]
[14672.8701171875]
[211.41929626464844]
[785.844970703125]
[11.373902320861816]
[2972.34521484375]
[70.00845336914062]
[22.007984161376953]
[21.88595962524414]
[362.39044189453125]
[21.598920822143555]
[69.05697631835938]
[68.38105010986328]
[20.9326114654541]
[82.3647232055664]
[20.396400451660156]
[14394.994140625]
[81.12439727783203]
[63.65951156616211]
[81.51422119140625]
[44330.57421875]
[780.4898681640625]
[20.838878631591797]
[1535.588623046875]
[20.815406799316406]
[157.21890258789062]
[90.93041229248047]
[43942.26953125]
[3651.14697265625]
[13964.09375]
[20.102628707885742]
[46.068397521972656]
[388.3901062011719]
[496.5185546875]
[3603.13720703125]
[113.42110443115234]
[68.10167694091797]
[507.9148864746094]
[490.6097412109375]
[22.326173782348633]
[459.4081726074219]
[22.420433044433594]
[22.422677993774414]
[151.35369873046875]
[22.34225845336914]
[108.3086166381836]
[11.6434326171875]
[22.18548011779785]
[378.8314208984375]
[22.034597396850586]
[105.36634826660156]
[384219.0]
[12523.8203125]
[256.21099853515625]
[109.2159652709961]
[28.678503036499023]
[85.78822326660156]
[30.209558486938477]
[374.1956787109375]
[94.64278411865234]
[11.36245346069336]
[59.04661560058594]
[138.8434600830078]
[472.4874267578125]
[102.41323852539062]
[119.4770736694336]
[11.63408088684082]
[27.992826461791992]
[35.21822738647461]
[90.20578002929688]
[35.156124114990234]
[475.03778076171875]
[34.92268371582031]
[76.87672424316406]
[27.253644943237305]
[255.1638641357422]
[28.111806869506836]
[744.6297607421875]
[38.95655822753906]
[101.63296508789062]
[33.98087692260742]
[470.091064453125]
[33.46060562133789]
[372.106689453125]
[53.227783203125]
[32.62454605102539]
[200.04861450195312]
[28945.72265625]
[96.83063507080078]
[12.866742134094238]
[32.563541412353516]
[364.8232727050781]
[31.78577423095703]
[87.90928649902344]
[94.2234878540039]
[95.77562713623047]
[12.337230682373047]
[92.1978530883789]
[30.176557540893555]
[413.9190979003906]
[96.45856475830078]
[197.20278930664062]
[112.13072967529297]
[364.2655334472656]
[87.18534851074219]
[291.5573425292969]
[25.811744689941406]
[27.996837615966797]
[84.3411636352539]
[48.78384780883789]
[27.262527465820312]
[186.02418518066406]
[50.454280853271484]
[80.38411712646484]
[79.52200317382812]
[78.51345825195312]
[118.0461196899414]
[117.87043762207031]
[3230.697509765625]
[25.917497634887695]
[27.390586853027344]
[3212.534423828125]
[71.75628662109375]
[101.88703918457031]
[25.466989517211914]
[144.65304565429688]
[425.4680480957031]
[449.643310546875]
[86.72697448730469]
[66.6945571899414]
[133.45297241210938]
[449.85614013671875]
[65.01908874511719]
[590.2959594726562]
[357.7035217285156]
[86.07449340820312]
[436.12542724609375]
[93.80461883544922]
[287.57940673828125]
[24.017351150512695]
[803.0941162109375]
[237.59835815429688]
[23.223970413208008]
[21.79874038696289]
[59.182823181152344]
[441.5277099609375]
[1431.4197998046875]
[21.680734634399414]
[21.411256790161133]
[443.1157531738281]
[21.857404708862305]
[21.570085525512695]
[85.43807983398438]
[20.998273849487305]
[20.714746475219727]
[42.9143180847168]
[191.49887084960938]
[72.61150360107422]
[30.690195083618164]
[19.44522476196289]
[55.345542907714844]
[18.987951278686523]
[19.301576614379883]
[3139.397216796875]
[71.99688720703125]
[29.846006393432617]
[17.895048141479492]
[131.3557891845703]
[3128.40625]
[17.835094451904297]
[450.59796142578125]
[10.824004173278809]
[350.4181213378906]
[53.285186767578125]
[17.427370071411133]
[3108.3427734375]
[17.26995086669922]
[17.18439483642578]
[17.081205368041992]
[52.138370513916016]
[427.41741943359375]
[247.98934936523438]
[17.674694061279297]
[428.5796203613281]
[38.56544494628906]
[310.9306335449219]
[17.218191146850586]
[419.2843322753906]
[423.34246826171875]
[63.698486328125]
[23.559053421020508]
[16.7332763671875]
[83.45079803466797]
[102.60900115966797]
[187.07847595214844]
[424.2646484375]
[16.408113479614258]
[341.6795654296875]
[912.0431518554688]
[96.09050750732422]
[3117.9853515625]
[98.9343032836914]
[13.558260917663574]
[417.79864501953125]
[250.41146850585938]
[420.1991271972656]
[17.865951538085938]
[16.543554306030273]
[48.45652389526367]
[48.246437072753906]
[9571.5009765625]
[69.28239440917969]
[39.77479553222656]
[414.6944580078125]
[18.289165496826172]
[49.69123077392578]
[18.23187828063965]
[15.717113494873047]
[81.1401596069336]
[17.97601890563965]
[112.51052856445312]
[17.818086624145508]
[17.73291015625]
[21.984575271606445]
[185.7137451171875]
[17.368637084960938]
[17.222885131835938]
[46.28709411621094]
[15.133332252502441]
[20.614423751831055]
[16.50373649597168]
[44.81513977050781]
[887.4330444335938]
[44.03178787231445]
[92665.6171875]
[273.9551696777344]
[16.11266326904297]
[51.90653991699219]
[45.53789138793945]
[82.26151275634766]
[337.0268859863281]
[46.328773498535156]
[17.13762664794922]
[20.017902374267578]
[22.054662704467773]
[434.3437805175781]
[10.793493270874023]
[418.79937744140625]
[11.698358535766602]
[48.955177307128906]
[405.23687744140625]
[82.16595458984375]
[67.32898712158203]
[418.7856140136719]
[19.018808364868164]
[172.16522216796875]
[136.04473876953125]
[18.987123489379883]
[46.8238639831543]
[15.073688507080078]
[2901.055908203125]
[404.58050537109375]
[88.3725357055664]
[127.76653289794922]
[19.132282257080078]
[44.653350830078125]
[335.4748840332031]
[414.7065734863281]
[17.941394805908203]
[12.004668235778809]
[94.09051513671875]
[87.13709259033203]
[1420.5306396484375]
[124.22606658935547]
[333.587158203125]
[42.41116714477539]
[92.69757843017578]
[17.116409301757812]
conversion error
conversion error
[44.4747428894043]
[80.02669525146484]
[2842.67529296875]
[943.827880859375]
[11.535623550415039]
[17.624526977539062]
[659.0801391601562]
[42.78421401977539]
[1460.04638671875]
[42.33985900878906]
[17.0094051361084]
[20.460620880126953]
[166.8242645263672]
[401.4133605957031]
[328.3399353027344]
[86.88239288330078]
[603.6644287109375]
[17.557493209838867]
[227.5562744140625]
[741.5792846679688]
[216.5101776123047]
[14.863885879516602]
[15.912616729736328]
[38.0577278137207]
[397.6659240722656]
[15.366225242614746]
[15.176949501037598]
[400.19757080078125]
[70.4670639038086]
[85.09971618652344]
[14.710433006286621]
[14.63840103149414]
conversion error
conversion error
[15.715576171875]
[14.676548957824707]
[15.439739227294922]
[18.446016311645508]
[352.810791015625]
[38.151100158691406]
[398.1431884765625]
[1248.6448974609375]
[14.589587211608887]
[85.47315216064453]
[258.56060791015625]
[323.3299560546875]
[36.834651947021484]
[202.8818817138672]
[64.24574279785156]
[85.63870239257812]
[13.600137710571289]
[36.161006927490234]
[13.333574295043945]
[13.1848783493042]
[13.023276329040527]
[35.453346252441406]
[12.68722915649414]
[120.04252624511719]
[914.091064453125]
[77.89778137207031]
[173.88583374023438]
[11.99915885925293]
[10.0443754196167]
[34.786827087402344]
[33.98542785644531]
[76.21516418457031]
[387.1732177734375]
[386.4452819824219]
[2671.406005859375]
[14.88318157196045]
[388.5755615234375]
[90.96678924560547]
[12.952113151550293]
[33.66720199584961]
[13.025997161865234]
[15.752408027648926]
[195.18252563476562]
[438.2518310546875]
[12.896293640136719]
[402.248046875]
[84.5650405883789]
[32.248565673828125]
[64.02655792236328]
[381.73406982421875]
[31.79446029663086]
[118.82428741455078]
[118.24320220947266]
[31.174785614013672]
[12.261251449584961]
[500.9622802734375]
[386.76788330078125]
[188.10421752929688]
[30.246572494506836]
[64.00042724609375]
[9.837013244628906]
[897.5675048828125]
[171.2877197265625]
[11.592931747436523]
[118.30781555175781]
[12.663105010986328]
[28.974937438964844]
[69.27672576904297]
[1392.3583984375]
[12.453398704528809]
[319.9219055175781]
[12.402901649475098]
[12.34832763671875]
[383.0504150390625]
[395.1238708496094]
[313.96575927734375]
[18.885578155517578]
[577.020263671875]
[14.919926643371582]
[2158.669921875]
[47.88877868652344]
[11.863947868347168]
[30.56877899169922]
[9914.7587890625]
[181.52317810058594]
[11.634078025817871]
[17.372472763061523]
[11.474876403808594]
[76.69609069824219]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[82.35749816894531]
[375.8617248535156]
[95.27278137207031]
[30.786331176757812]
[169.9319305419922]
[61.81143569946289]
[34.545127868652344]
[12.05550765991211]
[1176.290771484375]
[62.707435607910156]
[2699.130615234375]
[78.38485717773438]
[47.2901611328125]
[32.56636428833008]
[14.32967758178711]
[13.946717262268066]
[67.61283874511719]
[115.955810546875]
[18.847970962524414]
[372.151123046875]
[308.5301513671875]
[167.32632446289062]
[12.750388145446777]
[29.029592514038086]
[28.747041702270508]
[13.970027923583984]
[112.70939636230469]
[20.246566772460938]
[11.079201698303223]
[15.583735466003418]
[247.05194091796875]
[1239.1644287109375]
[124.36648559570312]
[13.028393745422363]
[26.54019546508789]
[106.36372375488281]
[26.164752960205078]
[308.6009521484375]
[370.23199462890625]
[29.246623992919922]
[80.29049682617188]
[28.684066772460938]
[10.003762245178223]
[28.008621215820312]
[9.87898063659668]
[13.682709693908691]
[244.30477905273438]
[50.404701232910156]
[246.3035888671875]
[865.3021850585938]
[166.16233825683594]
[25.642436981201172]
[13.248400688171387]
[561.0154418945312]
[9.663871765136719]
[12.993557929992676]
[24.419506072998047]
[9.628484725952148]
[75.07726287841797]
[366.2476806640625]
[92.83882141113281]
[80.38944244384766]
[105.3139877319336]
[23.040719985961914]
[60.82301712036133]
[22.72710418701172]
[360.7998352050781]
[12.155141830444336]
[363.0235900878906]
[11.986949920654297]
[98523.8125]
[86.54695129394531]
[559.57080078125]
[1150.3382568359375]
[24.205961227416992]
[2653.59814453125]
[12.360355377197266]
[195.2723846435547]
[13.811190605163574]
[361.4438781738281]
[13.727351188659668]
[364.29266357421875]
[598.87255859375]
[13.534799575805664]
[13.446303367614746]
[9251.544921875]
[13.225927352905273]
[1091.48681640625]
[10.884660720825195]
[113.84492492675781]
[30.082002639770508]
[12.681693077087402]
[29.952577590942383]
[12.329319953918457]
[73.98963165283203]
[11.92506217956543]
[18.7727108001709]
[36.616539001464844]
[165.5009307861328]
[11.113316535949707]
[10.915048599243164]
[10.709360122680664]
[18.496036529541016]
[199.49090576171875]
[357.6235656738281]
[1142.6072998046875]
[10.99792194366455]
[1082.6270751953125]
[44.16233444213867]
[30.742420196533203]
[10.516462326049805]
[770.361083984375]
[12.142169952392578]
[349.4912414550781]
[163.2798309326172]
[91.23590850830078]
[10.032313346862793]
[76.59262084960938]
[75.72200012207031]
[18.103649139404297]
[9.998836517333984]
[90.7253646850586]
[1069.38330078125]
[18.33489990234375]
[147.85911560058594]
[27.793169021606445]
[18.135595321655273]
[1594.32421875]
[10.23076343536377]
[359.5914001464844]
[26.58132553100586]
[17.063398361206055]
[57.259246826171875]
[9.43603229522705]
[359.7554016113281]
[16.907590866088867]
[11.37759017944336]
[1043.532470703125]
[22.992372512817383]
[27.9433650970459]
[12.122981071472168]
[298.0323181152344]
[12.665169715881348]
[1575.344482421875]
[15.194798469543457]
[343.58245849609375]
[26.711137771606445]
[109.49054718017578]
[13.513697624206543]
[10.981159210205078]
[25.920509338378906]
[108.6228256225586]
[338.42657470703125]
[75.225341796875]
[25.07354164123535]
[10.72761344909668]
[145.52947998046875]
[440.5369567871094]
[10.537013053894043]
[18.464887619018555]
[10.376230239868164]
[10.271496772766113]
[56.38910675048828]
[71.4872055053711]
[23.544797897338867]
[23.385770797729492]
[435.37872314453125]
[10.946154594421387]
[25.638877868652344]
[14.382834434509277]
[360.328857421875]
[1133.4364013671875]
[24.520954132080078]
[158.05606079101562]
[10.613625526428223]
[10.559661865234375]
[233.35086059570312]
[1539.2896728515625]
[56.176551818847656]
[10.493303298950195]
[10.250073432922363]
[1075.835205078125]
[22.731191635131836]
[22.569299697875977]
[9.960704803466797]
[105.92481231689453]
[21.906850814819336]
[9.664188385009766]
[9.53991413116455]
[11.894774436950684]
[819.170166015625]
[16.665258407592773]
[72.41588592529297]
[8.962069511413574]
[72.74345397949219]
[20.420316696166992]
[56.222904205322266]
[2505.43603515625]
[14.849148750305176]
conversion error
conversion error
[279205.09375]
[10.231531143188477]
[9.161364555358887]
[32.070072174072266]
[11.481633186340332]
[156.18170166015625]
[178.84312438964844]
[12.86014175415039]
[73.32205963134766]
[436.3824157714844]
[175.1729278564453]
[30.601421356201172]
[14.642556190490723]
[89.54496002197266]
[291.92242431640625]
[44.606693267822266]
[661.7341918945312]
[15.020116806030273]
[1096.2186279296875]
[44.07720184326172]
[58.84634780883789]
[14.481271743774414]
[83.45953369140625]
[41.71665954589844]
[40.742103576660156]
[2466.0615234375]
[13.24807357788086]
[233.7039031982422]
[12.918920516967773]
[328.0614929199219]
[93.39139556884766]
[539.2224731445312]
conversion error
conversion error
[12.98957633972168]
[145.3094940185547]
[590.4968872070312]
[59.43544006347656]
[1164.9989013671875]
[2544.289794921875]
[12.445781707763672]
[8.74448299407959]
[12.2919921875]
[34.125125885009766]
[371.884765625]
[33.691226959228516]
[33.377689361572266]
[11.760348320007324]
[88.43892669677734]
[11.503596305847168]
[58.277896881103516]
[365.7842712402344]
[38.155784606933594]
[75.92782592773438]
[288.25177001953125]
[14.378387451171875]
[211.79200744628906]
[58.62423324584961]
[29.47476577758789]
[58.24492645263672]
[10.517067909240723]
[2485.51220703125]
[72.84988403320312]
[8.435906410217285]
[10.297441482543945]
[21.687990188598633]
conversion error
conversion error
[226.01043701171875]
[73.94690704345703]
[30.856971740722656]
[9.673291206359863]
[11.037059783935547]
[8.307021141052246]
[1246.6685791015625]
[11.120268821716309]
[57.95451736450195]
[57.022403717041016]
[11.133845329284668]
[286.36669921875]
[15.576915740966797]
[29.82579803466797]
[1113.58544921875]
[69.18644714355469]
[11.077016830444336]
[11.135856628417969]
[57.64789581298828]
[792.0873413085938]
[2442.70751953125]
[28.314958572387695]
[778.1097412109375]
[1551.3941650390625]
[33.92672348022461]
[281.67333984375]
[556.8816528320312]
[11.19884967803955]
[22.668956756591797]
[105.14912414550781]
[11.085862159729004]
[58452.6953125]
conversion error
conversion error
[12.184462547302246]
[39.04133605957031]
[55.774784088134766]
[101.80057525634766]
[13.221325874328613]
[88.0810317993164]
[321.1962890625]
[184.5216827392578]
[17.562545776367188]
[242.03660583496094]
[10.014787673950195]
[15.181118965148926]
[15.410422325134277]
[67.7087631225586]
[41.406192779541016]
[15.880331039428711]
[16.567598342895508]
[1159.2750244140625]
[278.84698486328125]
[320.2953796386719]
[1802.93994140625]
[134.5271453857422]
[315.229248046875]
[16.392410278320312]
[16.376317977905273]
[42.260555267333984]
[16.067222595214844]
[479.0796203613281]
[315.2729187011719]
[274.6356506347656]
[42.50619125366211]
[8.267406463623047]
conversion error
conversion error
[81.12456512451172]
[40.103485107421875]
[15.334673881530762]
[281.1841125488281]
[64.63655853271484]
[18.416675567626953]
[662.2568969726562]
[307.53875732421875]
[310.34320068359375]
[14.095897674560547]
[8.660107612609863]
[306.4085388183594]
[60.50090408325195]
[13.691512107849121]
[68.2444076538086]
[20.013338088989258]
[132.74624633789062]
[232.75189208984375]
[13.359227180480957]
[13.262114524841309]
[68.23460388183594]
[55.31414031982422]
[99.0070571899414]
[472.30718994140625]
[407.36395263671875]
[12.949545860290527]
[12.473884582519531]
[310.08526611328125]
[156555.296875]
[10.776411056518555]
[891.3258056640625]
[11.663352966308594]
[14.157761573791504]
[33.992950439453125]
[97.86267852783203]
[616.0374755859375]
[289.1444396972656]
[477.0398864746094]
[399.95660400390625]
[45.19440841674805]
[70.81361389160156]
[551.000732421875]
[13.712421417236328]
[141.84835815429688]
[995.2994384765625]
[99.00093078613281]
[14.593794822692871]
[437.5332336425781]
[41.683773040771484]
[14.487845420837402]
[14.380126953125]
[2303.789306640625]
[11.801641464233398]
[335.11480712890625]
[81.32304382324219]
[334.7693786621094]
[179.30470275878906]
[13.524924278259277]
[102.84867095947266]
[275.1686096191406]
[206.64852905273438]
[13.630436897277832]
[11.741715431213379]
[28.16814613342285]
[13.998625755310059]
[13.893525123596191]
[735.9716186523438]
[13.633942604064941]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[38.1558723449707]
[53.521427154541016]
[37.47181701660156]
[12.962120056152344]
[12.763513565063477]
[53.16252517700195]
[140.4560546875]
[35.60478591918945]
[72.00841522216797]
[31.014394760131836]
[11.917070388793945]
[2191.89794921875]
[11.750149726867676]
[96.63329315185547]
[360.750244140625]
[1137.78125]
[96.90118408203125]
[11.383617401123047]
[168.46856689453125]
[67.78410339355469]
[38.333248138427734]
[11.196708679199219]
[11.16274642944336]
[321.76617431640625]
[87.76622772216797]
[11.00855827331543]
[13.388655662536621]
[65.0405044555664]
[52.723548889160156]
[94.45330810546875]
[29.877769470214844]
[29.544597625732422]
[27.48348617553711]
[7.872325897216797]
[14.16107177734375]
[131.8271484375]
[41.647605895996094]
[27.56546401977539]
[438.0014343261719]
[13.236688613891602]
[11.78464126586914]
[65.701904296875]
[4159.982421875]
[94.67281341552734]
[11.764832496643066]
[16.480466842651367]
[87.03424835205078]
[11.475528717041016]
[25.883153915405273]
[31.733989715576172]
[8.347663879394531]
[266.6839904785156]
[25.266679763793945]
[167.5483856201172]
[10.960257530212402]
[24.664777755737305]
[10.581965446472168]
[322.854248046875]
[24.047195434570312]
[11.264060020446777]
[65.26235961914062]
[386.1273498535156]
[574.0042724609375]
[275.3686218261719]
[9.843320846557617]
[65.41127014160156]
[20.47661018371582]
[23.524124145507812]
[40.396583557128906]
[17.086524963378906]
[7.303486347198486]
[199.2415771484375]
[344.3877868652344]
[8.607865333557129]
[19.771160125732422]
[23.0131778717041]
[4105.3623046875]
[8.234270095825195]
[8.158537864685059]
[2176.644775390625]
[1095.839111328125]
[40.78537368774414]
[319.34002685546875]
[50.9780387878418]
[12.530247688293457]
[306.9022216796875]
[25.076810836791992]
[451.469482421875]
[23.313547134399414]
[15.129197120666504]
[7.691863536834717]
[29.634716033935547]
[15.200469017028809]
[85.52562713623047]
[8.162914276123047]
[8.144569396972656]
[24.96993637084961]
[8.069952964782715]
[50.929508209228516]
[9.4473295211792]
[7.921536922454834]
[291.46038818359375]
[7.803072452545166]
[369.7208557128906]
[92.0126724243164]
[16.311525344848633]
[16.27698516845703]
[7.492059230804443]
[7.412624359130859]
[261.2957458496094]
[84.85769653320312]
[7.171630382537842]
[131.49794006347656]
[64.10563659667969]
[289.0242919921875]
[131.37416076660156]
[549.0150146484375]
[7.101327419281006]
[21.567890167236328]
[21.450544357299805]
[21.19086265563965]
[256.97430419921875]
[20.494230270385742]
[6.75811767578125]
[7.353653430938721]
[1336.1856689453125]
[290.0630187988281]
[130.2501678466797]
[292.6536865234375]
[19.46638298034668]
[19.187898635864258]
[194.42269897460938]
[7.29356575012207]
[10.971636772155762]
[130.6857452392578]
[7.249067783355713]
[67.2978744506836]
[18.10440444946289]
[17.913698196411133]
[66.87134552001953]
[17.446321487426758]
[320.3290710449219]
[285.5741271972656]
[8.771056175231934]
[10.124281883239746]
[107.83671569824219]
[49.274776458740234]
[7.532758712768555]
[12638.1728515625]
[651.819580078125]
[63.526580810546875]
[128.91244506835938]
[1638.7996826171875]
[7.118758678436279]
[285.3066101074219]
[24.536821365356445]
[36.563358306884766]
[62.78547286987305]
[8.470804214477539]
[66.12049865722656]
[56.30215835571289]
[8.556279182434082]
[877.5596313476562]
[7.477855682373047]
[186.76316833496094]
[282.2046813964844]
[24.415630340576172]
[127.65193176269531]
[15.657243728637695]
[253.1730499267578]
[277.2261962890625]
[9.045456886291504]
[434.0087585449219]
[36.72173309326172]
[62.14067840576172]
[18.100666046142578]
[48.1552734375]
[170.33819580078125]
[48.865692138671875]
[275.06671142578125]
[21.629426956176758]
[17.298419952392578]
[271.3646545410156]
[8.640840530395508]
[238.29783630371094]
[8.470586776733398]
[87.14453887939453]
[75.00408172607422]
[270.8507995605469]
[12.678044319152832]
[41.61061477661133]
[24.280725479125977]
[62.214813232421875]
[86.33856201171875]
[17.126779556274414]
[250.0111541748047]
[547.117431640625]
[61.64613723754883]
[97.6569595336914]
[88.02265930175781]
[277.0259704589844]
[125.61949157714844]
[8.984349250793457]
[219.3840789794922]
[15.862957000732422]
[8.857683181762695]
[296.1561279296875]
[166.01751708984375]
[65.54411315917969]
[2005.669677734375]
[3144.9189453125]
[87.9948959350586]
[53.4307861328125]
[187.1685028076172]
[16.821958541870117]
[12622.7578125]
[9.576593399047852]
[7.861123085021973]
[38.32530212402344]
[6.847660541534424]
[18.582374572753906]
[260.8560485839844]
[18.301006317138672]
[7.300341606140137]
[17.70052719116211]
[10.117875099182129]
[61.200172424316406]
[123.31430053710938]
[9.642468452453613]
[9.472100257873535]
[7.287559986114502]
[35.6109733581543]
[14.848560333251953]
[8.563535690307617]
[47.4180793762207]
[179.5464324951172]
[181.38539123535156]
[65.56048583984375]
[414.2303771972656]
[15.842822074890137]
[8.429722785949707]
[533.8952026367188]
[9.060508728027344]
[297.14215087890625]
[185.5537109375]
[532.5635375976562]
[102.07673645019531]
[38.114376068115234]
[6.975545883178711]
[12.837121963500977]
[86.50819396972656]
[77.81748962402344]
[282.68017578125]
[47.07240676879883]
[38.0018310546875]
[179.45556640625]
[9.435232162475586]
[37.54847717285156]
[64.28411865234375]
[13.434064865112305]
[37.70960998535156]
[11.829362869262695]
[65.35411834716797]
[4173.068359375]
[8.686600685119629]
[12.664690017700195]
[8.5672607421875]
[46.203575134277344]
[122.09922790527344]
[8.893643379211426]
[85.57547760009766]
[12.158935546875]
[16.91372299194336]
[411.3350830078125]
[7.901020526885986]
[149.1248016357422]
[11.959895133972168]
[12513.259765625]
[119.418701171875]
[122.19091796875]
[60.409481048583984]
[7.20378303527832]
[119.27120971679688]
[8.580107688903809]
[7.049185752868652]
[36.205509185791016]
[8.634773254394531]
[46.095298767089844]
[32.1268196105957]
[60.40753936767578]
[59.51747131347656]
[102.2540054321289]
[26.213890075683594]
[15.21171760559082]
[9.645990371704102]
[9.556983947753906]
[280.94708251953125]
[17.26217269897461]
[82.20635986328125]
[12.4972505569458]
[8.977622985839844]
[13.011770248413086]
[988.2181396484375]
[246.30728149414062]
[8.354026794433594]
[269.8143615722656]
[803.4202270507812]
[11.345791816711426]
[14.387057304382324]
[290.9265441894531]
[158.09371948242188]
[629.7728881835938]
[247.2393341064453]
[7.089444160461426]
[10.131604194641113]
[147.76504516601562]
[15.081351280212402]
[7.515208721160889]
[6.718741416931152]
[245.27955627441406]
[14.978738784790039]
[407.0994567871094]
[7.740972518920898]
[247.2220916748047]
[7.7372612953186035]
[160.57879638671875]
[12.360956192016602]
[7.5893120765686035]
[84.2123794555664]
[147.02996826171875]
[7.279947280883789]
[16.176572799682617]
[621.1962280273438]
[45.93632888793945]
[242.31007385253906]
[75.96353912353516]
[532.3502807617188]
[58.37458038330078]
[12.277430534362793]
[12.138126373291016]
[8.38546371459961]
[263.9493408203125]
[13.216914176940918]
[45.70903778076172]
[531.2855224609375]
[10.766031265258789]
[36.328128814697266]
[34.90205383300781]
conversion error
conversion error
[6.491573333740234]
[70.3613510131836]
[116.91471862792969]
[58.010498046875]
[83.91340637207031]
[51.093849182128906]
[271.62786865234375]
[30.955568313598633]
[120483.1171875]
[6.7419843673706055]
[31.458696365356445]
[361.2460021972656]
[33.957950592041016]
[60.2330322265625]
[38.580291748046875]
[11.988338470458984]
[812.63916015625]
[18.00104331970215]
[276.2972412109375]
[3061.412109375]
[47.606807708740234]
[15.419939994812012]
[8.290403366088867]
[60.967132568359375]
[10.976767539978027]
[125.9603042602539]
[23.426773071289062]
[92.60811614990234]
[264.7649841308594]
[63.83218765258789]
[8.237113952636719]
[11.423243522644043]
[279.34661865234375]
[23.42285919189453]
[79185.5078125]
[763.3983764648438]
[25.276409149169922]
[991.7090454101562]
[86.2459945678711]
[41.81438446044922]
[6.188861846923828]
[40.193328857421875]
[14.205545425415039]
[168.94696044921875]
[611.5068359375]
[42.02790069580078]
[15.398730278015137]
[249.99234008789062]
[80.17396545410156]
[15.06148910522461]
[1178.39306640625]
[329.9832458496094]
[241.28701782226562]
[15.507014274597168]
[15.498958587646484]
[16.549203872680664]
[44.866127014160156]
[162.04742431640625]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[240.20750427246094]
[71.97969055175781]
[40.14314270019531]
[171.28558349609375]
[224.0337371826172]
[83.81623077392578]
[157.2784423828125]
[204.60238647460938]
[171.3424835205078]
[58.812442779541016]
[63.24441909790039]
[10.38305377960205]
[1576.3260498046875]
[222.54067993164062]
[17.474533081054688]
[37.36808776855469]
[8098.21826171875]
[62.843841552734375]
[62.76787185668945]
[10.514944076538086]
[58.949588775634766]
[1428.860107421875]
[16.450578689575195]
[58.5883903503418]
[58.39070129394531]
[14.083003044128418]
[176.22531127929688]
[20166.62890625]
[88.13111114501953]
[6.039417266845703]
[238.71470642089844]
[250.45730590820312]
[1854.8668212890625]
[6.791494369506836]
[57.51344680786133]
[118.09603881835938]
[20.318899154663086]
[20.514911651611328]
[20.745859146118164]
[237.14369201660156]
[575.3182983398438]
[5.850478649139404]
[83.00443267822266]
[28.578195571899414]
[616.1691284179688]
[19.949121475219727]
[241.69566345214844]
[50.887535095214844]
[38.44648742675781]
[262.5902099609375]
[58.03453063964844]
[5.764667510986328]
[58.730064392089844]
[42.458702087402344]
[293.2288513183594]
[15.406429290771484]
[37.841129302978516]
[14.243419647216797]
[150.06776428222656]
[5.715928554534912]
[5.857648849487305]
[12.060441017150879]
[402.9253845214844]
[7.544132232666016]
[462.8388366699219]
[174.1735382080078]
[240.78172302246094]
[25.530996322631836]
[41.47407150268555]
[53.01968765258789]
[12.607609748840332]
[5.547464370727539]
[240.39266967773438]
[8.684198379516602]
[8.572650909423828]
[301.1993103027344]
[241.8170928955078]
[8.263792991638184]
[82.39949035644531]
[818.7113037109375]
[57.93191909790039]
[7.968752861022949]
[22.0275936126709]
[1908.9212646484375]
[1626.4541015625]
[144.7663116455078]
[7.642812728881836]
[57.7581901550293]
[170.83587646484375]
[20.031898498535156]
[5.479940891265869]
[236.71902465820312]
[234.65269470214844]
[392.93109130859375]
[7.189838886260986]
[19.81937599182129]
[1802.5743408203125]
[235.5873565673828]
[24.834104537963867]
[76.27623748779297]
[44.15715789794922]
[80.88640594482422]
[207.9539794921875]
[460.1769104003906]
[61.014347076416016]
[7.189409255981445]
[49.900367736816406]
[12.169965744018555]
[56.73970031738281]
[7.369384288787842]
[252.64852905273438]
[386.0930480957031]
[17.082962036132812]
[1647.58642578125]
[48.970272064208984]
[253.10952758789062]
[8.680011749267578]
[1634.23193359375]
[5.898899078369141]
[250.22853088378906]
[590.9774169921875]
[1652.52392578125]
[27.50438690185547]
[1169.7403564453125]
[198.03985595703125]
[7.903865814208984]
[27.298776626586914]
[7.8471527099609375]
[6.828546047210693]
[249.33279418945312]
[223.03880310058594]
[16.25813865661621]
[74.92150115966797]
[7.502575874328613]
conversion error
conversion error
[139.3838653564453]
[8.898999214172363]
[219.5585479736328]
[41.984737396240234]
[16.26392364501953]
[111.0846939086914]
[244.7536163330078]
[99.26915740966797]
[7.586436748504639]
[15.388099670410156]
[7.5415472984313965]
[14.94288444519043]
[6.0047287940979]
[243.9915771484375]
[54.54291915893555]
[17.059171676635742]
[54.896324157714844]
[903.8515625]
[13.549295425415039]
[43.369667053222656]
[6.9895219802856445]
[110.18185424804688]
[276.7327575683594]
[10.543272972106934]
[373.6398010253906]
[12.9902925491333]
[200.5338134765625]
[5.371392726898193]
[6.609123706817627]
[135.29083251953125]
[55.1607780456543]
[161.5996856689453]
conversion error
conversion error
[454.5281982421875]
[6.659435272216797]
[6.607434272766113]
[6.53712272644043]
[13.4674072265625]
[227.7051239013672]
[73.8429183959961]
[211.03341674804688]
[226.31422424316406]
[13.392829895019531]
[128.26942443847656]
[13.66838264465332]
[5.807235240936279]
[943.7666625976562]
[59.47377395629883]
[642.2584838867188]
[5.935556411743164]
[5.906198501586914]
[5.856759548187256]
[44.04475021362305]
[5.182923793792725]
[284.7813415527344]
[42.777523040771484]
[622.629150390625]
[42.742942810058594]
[12.843664169311523]
[54.42180252075195]
[154.1699676513672]
[265.68975830078125]
[6.245464324951172]
[35.936912536621094]
[34.76840591430664]
conversion error
conversion error
[12.467495918273926]
[7.59698486328125]
[107.6315689086914]
[12.375282287597656]
[8.649731636047363]
[289.8896789550781]
[8.581347465515137]
[31.236997604370117]
[441.3915710449219]
[58.242713928222656]
[75.39542388916016]
[12.330082893371582]
[8.869599342346191]
[24.463062286376953]
[8.80807876586914]
[237.1631317138672]
[11.5083646774292]
[140.55282592773438]
[1376.456298828125]
[922.934326171875]
[1740.2659912109375]
[75.6565933227539]
[9.872161865234375]
[7.938502788543701]
[134.68968200683594]
[317.5437927246094]
[157.04510498046875]
[289.9599609375]
[7.311749458312988]
[7.202688694000244]
[51.36354446411133]
[9.186659812927246]
conversion error
conversion error
[51.21552658081055]
[52.86338424682617]
[74.5682144165039]
[26.656494140625]
[14.417402267456055]
[231.51910400390625]
[7.128856182098389]
[9.174068450927734]
[41.98212814331055]
[5.0767717361450195]
[16.989389419555664]
[6.079465389251709]
[8.394194602966309]
[6.861242294311523]
[6.77947998046875]
[13.293667793273926]
[545.9046020507812]
[1692.8203125]
[220.97531127929688]
[104.40039825439453]
[8.915828704833984]
[6.239302158355713]
[6.1578688621521]
[6.053980827331543]
[878.9238891601562]
[73.56484985351562]
[5.304973602294922]
[60.319515228271484]
[5.758273124694824]
[41.08466720581055]
[36.79802322387695]
[193.2484893798828]
conversion error
conversion error
[8.3133544921875]
[58.127403259277344]
[6.18492317199707]
[347.1513977050781]
[7.0940752029418945]
[192.86012268066406]
[704.375244140625]
[4.887962818145752]
[226.66775512695312]
[716.1478881835938]
[12.128975868225098]
[28.908845901489258]
[104.21858215332031]
[833.0226440429688]
[305.08441162109375]
[193.43238830566406]
[6.068973541259766]
[10.027085304260254]
[413.6868896484375]
[134.05499267578125]
[6.9471354484558105]
[6.73701286315918]
[12.885174751281738]
[588.0737915039062]
[57.7379035949707]
[1296.19580078125]
[72.06580352783203]
[102.20320129394531]
[6.446195125579834]
[5.058831691741943]
[430.1071472167969]
[59.4552001953125]
conversion error
conversion error
[6146.5283203125]
[6.943887233734131]
[11.923977851867676]
[12.60339641571045]
[147.11183166503906]
[214.70541381835938]
[51.669124603271484]
[70.82877349853516]
[6.798690319061279]
[5.07072114944458]
[51.81192398071289]
[5.620609283447266]
[6.71995735168457]
[215.8275909423828]
[40.93110656738281]
[4.750667572021484]
[56.55567932128906]
[71.14655303955078]
[6.4601216316223145]
[5.3584699630737305]
[72.19654083251953]
[46.813724517822266]
[159.02618408203125]
[411.19769287109375]
[5.531241416931152]
[6.417489528656006]
[1892.715576171875]
[5.747691631317139]
[69.3515853881836]
[832.6386108398438]
[535.2808837890625]
[1303.725341796875]
conversion error
conversion error
[217.7335205078125]
[168.25701904296875]
[488.99737548828125]
[23.091093063354492]
[29.784740447998047]
[8.611132621765137]
[6.66970157623291]
[21.387422561645508]
[5.939975738525391]
[6.651545524597168]
[220.24925231933594]
[1330.4371337890625]
[16.58465003967285]
[70.98359680175781]
[212.1382293701172]
[35.06135940551758]
[9.794178009033203]
[6.378375053405762]
[4.983788013458252]
[7.0385050773620605]
[13.793583869934082]
[815.723388671875]
[146.82858276367188]
[13.644608497619629]
[5.777280330657959]
[99.54289245605469]
[408.9999084472656]
[4.747551441192627]
[5.4574995040893555]
[23.2828311920166]
[1269.3955078125]
[5.712002754211426]
conversion error
conversion error
[217.59542846679688]
[130.0741424560547]
[5.982137680053711]
[1520.8956298828125]
[87.95979309082031]
[69.67474365234375]
[330.4737243652344]
[21.22482681274414]
[6.270990371704102]
[55.93505859375]
[1001.24560546875]
[476.65411376953125]
[4.719947338104248]
[6.715582370758057]
[6.740967273712158]
[54514.953125]
[19.74999237060547]
[69.0562515258789]
[50.937374114990234]
[7.575171947479248]
[11.015952110290527]
[8.063526153564453]
[8.207308769226074]
[69.75204467773438]
[1779.2418212890625]
[112.35083770751953]
[16.477876663208008]
[42.882049560546875]
[43.001502990722656]
[155.09317016601562]
[31.734407424926758]
[1853.0316162109375]
conversion error
conversion error
[221.96922302246094]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[19.736007690429688]
[268.21771240234375]
[35.39183044433594]
[216.0976104736328]
[152.41571044921875]
[19.77252960205078]
[10.236160278320312]
[1867.9549560546875]
[940.4398193359375]
[179.8331298828125]
[1185.54443359375]
[262.2153625488281]
[19.2609920501709]
[9.733880043029785]
[54.0439453125]
[9.556087493896484]
[68.16801452636719]
[16.804275512695312]
[9.091484069824219]
[406.0991516113281]
[15.241429328918457]
[214.58404541015625]
[78.86618041992188]
[1846.0604248046875]
[7.687067985534668]
[213.7957763671875]
[247.61016845703125]
[55.445281982421875]
[4.621134281158447]
[6.8680548667907715]
[248.4310760498047]
conversion error
conversion error
[6.8069233894348145]
[27.491064071655273]
[54.30690002441406]
[1811.022705078125]
[10.095438003540039]
[1147.263427734375]
[76.35978698730469]
[53.98524475097656]
[77.16851806640625]
[6.063749313354492]
[16.030725479125977]
[8.384764671325684]
[42.54182434082031]
[217.88433837890625]
[240.09861755371094]
[54.43028259277344]
[203.6885528564453]
[6.112246036529541]
[54.26911926269531]
[108.03589630126953]
[6.001389026641846]
[1318.51513671875]
[252.73086547851562]
[75.35462188720703]
[53.808570861816406]
[7.181923866271973]
[13.418580055236816]
[364.669921875]
[10602.5849609375]
[5.837286472320557]
[11.559798240661621]
[5.841394424438477]
conversion error
conversion error
[154.1705322265625]
[6.071016788482666]
[10621.9912109375]
[4.402597427368164]
[5.967193126678467]
[65.80178833007812]
[29.4432315826416]
[221.17315673828125]
[83.93791961669922]
[51.192657470703125]
[7.002416610717773]
[12.858509063720703]
[621.8846435546875]
[143.4902801513672]
[5.961055755615234]
[209.22503662109375]
[131.1127166748047]
[7.532889366149902]
[97.1896743774414]
[1245.1502685546875]
[510.49188232421875]
[268.1167907714844]
[7.554073333740234]
[49.7479248046875]
[12.675806045532227]
[11.231145858764648]
[787.14501953125]
[96.6335678100586]
[6.028346538543701]
[7.265233039855957]
[4.628938674926758]
[33.124656677246094]
[12.578778266906738]
[39.7430305480957]
[33.11094665527344]
[122.08073425292969]
[215.5543212890625]
[166.16839599609375]
[199.26937866210938]
[7.160395622253418]
[14.820603370666504]
[68.10647583007812]
[42.713218688964844]
[495.48675537109375]
[66.8321304321289]
[39.46952819824219]
[54.92928695678711]
[54.8869743347168]
[56.825801849365234]
[4.53452730178833]
[6.868196487426758]
[10.041964530944824]
[9.707087516784668]
[5.2570648193359375]
[318.8788757324219]
[180.25096130371094]
[8.418663024902344]
[6.609544277191162]
[164.08843994140625]
[7.667054653167725]
[6.4755449295043945]
[138.4054718017578]
[47.9056282043457]
[6.2516632080078125]
[4.3363118171691895]
[1510.459228515625]
[7.139901638031006]
[5.146218299865723]
[484.8514099121094]
[86.66937255859375]
[53.717491149902344]
[28.312541961669922]
[53.52840805053711]
[66.62248229980469]
[482.39202880859375]
[5.923062801361084]
[6.090790271759033]
[158.65673828125]
[5.6983113288879395]
[38.25870895385742]
[65.81135559082031]
[12.836721420288086]
[203.4563446044922]
[5.284472465515137]
[47.241207122802734]
[5.547346115112305]
[38.684513092041016]
[4.956093788146973]
[4.829212665557861]
[47.47239685058594]
[4.756505966186523]
[4.686379432678223]
[47.55034255981445]
[12.135910987854004]
[38.564735412597656]
[4.383905410766602]
[4.6671295166015625]
[12.247547149658203]
[77.1493148803711]
[4.119860649108887]
[744.3722534179688]
[31.17119789123535]
[4.175268173217773]
[4.090458869934082]
[30.160194396972656]
[60.22686004638672]
[47.17088317871094]
[251.11676025390625]
[199.99685668945312]
[32.37667465209961]
[1099.034423828125]
[26.8166446685791]
[4.180655002593994]
[172.91078186035156]
[199.40574645996094]
[4.553750514984131]
[46.41472244262695]
[172.68824768066406]
[91.76353454589844]
[198.2660369873047]
[55.07383346557617]
[25.612009048461914]
[4.705060005187988]
[20.7146053314209]
[4.6152143478393555]
[37.59852600097656]
[10.9036283493042]
[19.141481399536133]
[92.19161224365234]
[199.5140380859375]
[65.00579071044922]
[1464.256591796875]
[5.516188144683838]
[52.44877624511719]
[6.685336112976074]
[6.7097487449646]
[12.548300743103027]
[84.73521423339844]
[190.5058135986328]
[2183.3740234375]
[5.093853950500488]
[6.510921001434326]
[1115.8955078125]
[5570.01708984375]
[3170.72802734375]
[150.3303680419922]
[6.3085455894470215]
[6.256584644317627]
[145.369140625]
[37.595035552978516]
[64.73197174072266]
[5.569826126098633]
[5.937412738800049]
[150.4908905029297]
[193.59242248535156]
[163.27210998535156]
[4.806072235107422]
[713.3677978515625]
[52.03245162963867]
[192.74331665039062]
[83.47032928466797]
[146.59420776367188]
[5.546066761016846]
[62.51332092285156]
[19.577472686767578]
[5.383407115936279]
[1333.6949462890625]
[62.31404113769531]
[8.642483711242676]
[146.9626007080078]
[43.996482849121094]
[51.519676208496094]
[6.202471733093262]
[160.58590698242188]
[6.373344898223877]
[61.8930549621582]
[26.167837142944336]
[4.00681734085083]
[5.264045238494873]
[39.210289001464844]
[288.67401123046875]
[6.3875885009765625]
[6.327493190765381]
[6.234295845031738]
[57.11455535888672]
[4.817044258117676]
[63.32838439941406]
[20.06380844116211]
[31.947647094726562]
[5.792768955230713]
[4.50773286819458]
[1081.0526123046875]
[5.2925705909729]
[286.3065185546875]
[1081.9183349609375]
[62.931724548339844]
[16.42901039123535]
[4.741655349731445]
[662.7135009765625]
[50.596221923828125]
[60.24082946777344]
[86.75003814697266]
[36.015235900878906]
[12.02920150756836]
[3.598936080932617]
[31.076339721679688]
[81.70025634765625]
[38.21070861816406]
[6.236138820648193]
[4.214243412017822]
[390.64971923828125]
[85.83956146240234]
[123.41082000732422]
[6.237290859222412]
[2.900118350982666]
[124.61257934570312]
[6.1827545166015625]
[4.2640910148620605]
[185.4321746826172]
[5.890947341918945]
[43.596649169921875]
[36.23204040527344]
[3.892443895339966]
[685.34716796875]
[4.557283401489258]
[43.582969665527344]
[679.9462280273438]
[155.28533935546875]
[15.391551971435547]
[1347.1923828125]
[42.7531852722168]
[11.523998260498047]
[154.33148193359375]
[50.102577209472656]
[439.2441711425781]
[70.50028991699219]
[3.701429843902588]
[117.25457763671875]
[139.3529052734375]
[4.8880510330200195]
[59.441322326660156]
[120.89213562011719]
[3.9335033893585205]
[59.3601188659668]
[1331.858154296875]
[5.2869791984558105]
[5.424138069152832]
[181.18301391601562]
[11.64004135131836]
[30.350893020629883]
[4.039051055908203]
[5.592016696929932]
[18.198375701904297]
[426.8819580078125]
[424.1695251464844]
[58.77838897705078]
conversion error
conversion error
[6.291172981262207]
[271.6083068847656]
[830.7681274414062]
[5056.67626953125]
[11.710616111755371]
[176.3608856201172]
[135.3706512451172]
[175.86231994628906]
[35.3420524597168]
[48.7978515625]
[6.584948539733887]
[4.873217582702637]
[29.805288314819336]
[49.000885009765625]
[1206.30224609375]
[263.21826171875]
[10.196208953857422]
[631.7601318359375]
[6.123804092407227]
[55.5541877746582]
[6.428078651428223]
[8.340697288513184]
[3.8580682277679443]
[6.189789295196533]
[175.96450805664062]
[113.85851287841797]
[1855.3779296875]
[4.3087263107299805]
[167.7069854736328]
[10.0668363571167]
[12.478240966796875]
[172.2388916015625]
conversion error
conversion error
[15.2742919921875]
[36.563941955566406]
[4.748617649078369]
[6.050963878631592]
[170.4776611328125]
[5.885079860687256]
[215.5000457763672]
[139.54934692382812]
[25.413022994995117]
[60.60187530517578]
[5.592376232147217]
[5.473639965057373]
[6.463486194610596]
[20.372621536254883]
[9.396076202392578]
[39.803165435791016]
[171.91969299316406]
[165.51528930664062]
[4.545279026031494]
[28.474016189575195]
[5.384439468383789]
[60.302467346191406]
[169.34884643554688]
[76.65258026123047]
[354.6922302246094]
[126.38713836669922]
[39.95374298095703]
[163.83978271484375]
[5.288376331329346]
[22.8944034576416]
[109.66961669921875]
[5.411666393280029]
conversion error
conversion error
[54.256866455078125]
[5.131744384765625]
[35.74382400512695]
[5.939642906188965]
[120.81094360351562]
[5.774152755737305]
[36010.13671875]
[169.77352905273438]
[11.158997535705566]
[5.730566501617432]
[34.763633728027344]
[42.12369155883789]
[8.284659385681152]
[215.23341369628906]
[3.391894817352295]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[160.74009704589844]
[27.898508071899414]
[96.61332702636719]
[45.901206970214844]
[29.8177547454834]
[175.4259796142578]
[31.1209774017334]
[49.80681228637695]
[47.935401916503906]
[52.59504318237305]
[9.5474214553833]
[367.8731994628906]
[208.79345703125]
[104.64105224609375]
[185.54994201660156]
[2908.2060546875]
[44.97745132446289]
conversion error
conversion error
[18.67996597290039]
[188.78256225585938]
[157.453369140625]
[241.93505859375]
[55.11076736450195]
[15.839302062988281]
[15.254131317138672]
[105.2580795288086]
[26.28472137451172]
[8.759696006774902]
[27.47796058654785]
[7.123578071594238]
[7.011742115020752]
[54.72966003417969]
[22.439678192138672]
[187.75558471679688]
[48.05405807495117]
[9.279535293579102]
[586.5951538085938]
[9.337876319885254]
[6.449501991271973]
[74.44221496582031]
[27.821260452270508]
[281.4853820800781]
[6.075753688812256]
[70.3846206665039]
[18.3583984375]
[1642.1329345703125]
[5.632369518280029]
[649.253173828125]
[1838.9515380859375]
[369.2332763671875]
conversion error
conversion error
[5219.59033203125]
[616.5118408203125]
[182.56710815429688]
[10.76086711883545]
[23.50678253173828]
[3.2788970470428467]
[45.555381774902344]
[6.179232120513916]
[45.85025405883789]
[6.380297660827637]
[6.434932231903076]
[6.448082447052002]
[396.0318603515625]
[165.19451904296875]
[10.227733612060547]
[6.308345317840576]
[6.212726593017578]
[153.0519561767578]
[13.658613204956055]
[325.5556945800781]
[182.75955200195312]
[5.736792087554932]
[38.84407043457031]
[7.963322162628174]
[316.87762451171875]
[83.67294311523438]
[7.104794502258301]
[4.9844465255737305]
[44.269649505615234]
[5.9625372886657715]
[6.277988433837891]
[116.0026626586914]
conversion error
conversion error
[4.803189277648926]
[43.88459396362305]
[1205.7928466796875]
[62.77626037597656]
[137.14297485351562]
[6.029064178466797]
[76.0033187866211]
[4.300401210784912]
[174.65896606445312]
[145.02110290527344]
[210.24923706054688]
[4.061153888702393]
[3.995025873184204]
[5.263073921203613]
[527.0049438476562]
[181.7269287109375]
[4.930136203765869]
[24.957109451293945]
[204.8047637939453]
[34.34893035888672]
[178.84893798828125]
[26.559938430786133]
[3.916165828704834]
[485.8288269042969]
[114.21924591064453]
[91.23980712890625]
[90.54037475585938]
[43.39476013183594]
[141.71710205078125]
[158.13455200195312]
[184.5586395263672]
[90.21449279785156]
conversion error
conversion error
[8.35842514038086]
[172.60931396484375]
[23.298389434814453]
[4.4023823738098145]
[42.744163513183594]
[132.34329223632812]
[601.1769409179688]
[43.290550231933594]
[27.68436050415039]
[138.7826690673828]
[21.433664321899414]
[81.16215515136719]
[1476.41259765625]
[5401.25244140625]
[1459.4073486328125]
[33.446353912353516]
[5.458302021026611]
[32.956642150878906]
[454.4993896484375]
[5.831876754760742]
[5.891163349151611]
[1095.72900390625]
[167.783203125]
[50.9702262878418]
[53.662200927734375]
[196.0614776611328]
[24.256641387939453]
[1068.72802734375]
[111.39603424072266]
[32.58837127685547]
[7.979965686798096]
[53.740013122558594]
conversion error
conversion error
[278.4657287597656]
[4.000460624694824]
[3.809804916381836]
[32.343753814697266]
[167.77117919921875]
[42.9040412902832]
[6.093870639801025]
[12.69518756866455]
[1034.4090576171875]
[8.380102157592773]
[108.93379211425781]
[11911.4150390625]
[121.20625305175781]
[81.30042266845703]
[31.633495330810547]
[3.377284288406372]
[2051.24951171875]
[40.101654052734375]
[7.877437591552734]
[39.52891159057617]
[8.312158584594727]
[6.0610880851745605]
[57.21259689331055]
[4.504490852355957]
[41.14936828613281]
[5.902431011199951]
[83.50963592529297]
[39.37564468383789]
[1084.2923583984375]
[84.33666229248047]
[5.673353672027588]
[1364.9267578125]
conversion error
[5.7830939292907715]
[83.111083984375]
[4.452195644378662]
[56.958343505859375]
[47.393184661865234]
[82.86004638671875]
[1072.853271484375]
[8.184731483459473]
[171.5877685546875]
[301.7049560546875]
[16.69866943359375]
[317.84930419921875]
[383.3832092285156]
[4.739160537719727]
[4.671567916870117]
[7.047153472900391]
[2112.654541015625]
[443.8317565917969]
[22.330114364624023]
[163.5563507080078]
[15.945727348327637]
[4334.43115234375]
[7.1094536781311035]
[182.57421875]
[677.19873046875]
[38.514251708984375]
[330.9920959472656]
[80.22000885009766]
[118.93266296386719]
[5.009353160858154]
[144.2943878173828]
[8.046823501586914]
[31.365734100341797]
[39.598236083984375]
[108.98374938964844]
[123.50596618652344]
[128.23277282714844]
[6.258874416351318]
[6.302756309509277]
[268.89581298828125]
[39.52189636230469]
[36.032737731933594]
[6.7083024978637695]
[66.3772964477539]
[413.4029235839844]
[3.823526620864868]
[6.051459312438965]
[2002.51220703125]
[5.937238693237305]
[5.851567268371582]
[581.3734741210938]
[103.75982666015625]
[69.82687377929688]
[38.09172439575195]
[1258.5684814453125]
[22.39183807373047]
[28.30782699584961]
[9.987198829650879]
[5.141129970550537]
[24.881418228149414]
[24.700733184814453]
[318.8495788574219]
[506.2988586425781]
[4.344003200531006]
[4.83189058303833]
[26.0704402923584]
[4.747402667999268]
[301.26116943359375]
[4.700372219085693]
[76.9834976196289]
[114.36292266845703]
[78.54791259765625]
[443.6288757324219]
[1835.69189453125]
[28.44866180419922]
[40.892276763916016]
[15.308019638061523]
[138.34991455078125]
[1220.671875]
[30.48211669921875]
[30.393667221069336]
[4.4510698318481445]
[22.586326599121094]
[1157.9388427734375]
[4.553238391876221]
[4.704110622406006]
[1206.4346923828125]
[77.41494750976562]
[52.49864196777344]
[6.0207743644714355]
[21.281692504882812]
[4.731601238250732]
[4.681004524230957]
[4.605695724487305]
[5.433166980743408]
[23.811246871948242]
[61.61128234863281]
[4.493602752685547]
[5.269518852233887]
[5.116212844848633]
[4.201720714569092]
[106.8298568725586]
[4.002321243286133]
[20.020082473754883]
[160.80136108398438]
[3.7053382396698]
[160.62937927246094]
[4.385046005249023]
[4.33544397354126]
[3.402101516723633]
[7099.03369140625]
[6.51203727722168]
[243.63839721679688]
[4.090444564819336]
[40.460147857666016]
[3.33441162109375]
[28.215045928955078]
[106.06099700927734]
[283.70672607421875]
[71.59954833984375]
[10565.9853515625]
[153.1449432373047]
[7.904423713684082]
[392.1234436035156]
[3.8391273021698]
[372.51043701171875]
[4.201540470123291]
[25.444246292114258]
[1338.20166015625]
[42.76942443847656]
[6.492841720581055]
[24.13617706298828]
[9.41798210144043]
[691.0628051757812]
[18.282201766967773]
[40.2960090637207]
[37.8945426940918]
[14.774822235107422]
[37.874671936035156]
[12.417086601257324]
[37.4831428527832]
[5.4519877433776855]
[5.104669094085693]
[25.43780517578125]
[4.918324947357178]
[37.53549575805664]
[158.18328857421875]
[7.510682582855225]
[4.695024490356445]
[83.82167053222656]
[8.187457084655762]
[1198.8675537109375]
[126.88817596435547]
[27.918560028076172]
[168.3651580810547]
[4.311203479766846]
[27.850757598876953]
[8.912672996520996]
[7.311240196228027]
[28.053970336914062]
[191.07470703125]
[2394.08447265625]
[11.626290321350098]
[477.8736572265625]
[4.014733791351318]
[6.639621734619141]
[191.56153869628906]
[3.810776710510254]
[155.81289672851562]
[3.6656382083892822]
[5.820028305053711]
[37.269187927246094]
[4.098177909851074]
[737.7877197265625]
[81.74041748046875]
[164.41983032226562]
[2221.5029296875]
[4.779272556304932]
[37.886077880859375]
[140.7290802001953]
[499.6070251464844]
[3.9890778064727783]
[4.012467861175537]
[4.007733345031738]
[36.21826934814453]
[3.9507017135620117]
[121.67691040039062]
[1437.65576171875]
[27.34048080444336]
[4.896759510040283]
[6.39617919921875]
[4.704790115356445]
conversion error
conversion error
[2.74617075920105]
[117.08827209472656]
[3.850313186645508]
[82.58643341064453]
[3.7819390296936035]
[18.115129470825195]
[27.038654327392578]
[3.8708605766296387]
[17.428546905517578]
[151.0131072998047]
[133.69639587402344]
[4.2523016929626465]
[37.922828674316406]
[37.9141960144043]
[4.469719409942627]
[440.0869140625]
[51.773468017578125]
[4.558870792388916]
[111.03022766113281]
[3.5611605644226074]
[30.793441772460938]
[6.106576919555664]
[4.478891849517822]
[3.72149658203125]
[4.455278396606445]
[3.721614122390747]
[4.080630302429199]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[7.487899303436279]
[2.976398229598999]
[77.49533081054688]
[35.3104133605957]
[114.97028350830078]
conversion error
conversion error
[1108.8829345703125]
[3.9001684188842773]
[108.4494857788086]
[21.245079040527344]
[4.120782852172852]
[37.469852447509766]
[4.011775016784668]
[3.5133190155029297]
[157.32594299316406]
[14.403733253479004]
[3.825751543045044]
[8.838033676147461]
[101.11482238769531]
[542.8662109375]
[15.654668807983398]
[3.8216447830200195]
[24.09526824951172]
[19.52112579345703]
[2.7456870079040527]
[3.686007499694824]
[962.2553100585938]
[308.6236572265625]
[3.540734052658081]
[29.54079818725586]
[42.36825180053711]
[26.478595733642578]
[410.2465515136719]
[4.085221767425537]
[27.8335018157959]
[48.160682678222656]
[7.176523208618164]
[124.49407196044922]
conversion error
conversion error
[5.06395959854126]
[727.762939453125]
[46.825862884521484]
[10.973108291625977]
[7976.1142578125]
[147.19793701171875]
[4.083764553070068]
[400.9793701171875]
[26.052324295043945]
[255.9644775390625]
[47.80461883544922]
[17.596782684326172]
[19.88849639892578]
[4.5647711753845215]
[3.435854434967041]
[73.30591583251953]
[3.0268523693084717]
[159.5411376953125]
[938.467529296875]
[26.338359832763672]
[26.103422164916992]
[5.204995632171631]
[40.773860931396484]
[848.8046264648438]
[381.1416015625]
[5.381680488586426]
[142.41921997070312]
[47.15837478637695]
[146.8721466064453]
[68.87910461425781]
[105.98194122314453]
[25.780202865600586]
conversion error
conversion error
[2.669243812561035]
[10.989208221435547]
[68.21615600585938]
[14.093181610107422]
[114.70419311523438]
[521.8993530273438]
[6.473602294921875]
[350.3778991699219]
[4.037631034851074]
[14.801342010498047]
[100.02741241455078]
[37.52235794067383]
[6.203556537628174]
[8.296764373779297]
[5.49205207824707]
[37.558006286621094]
[574.6152954101562]
[47.87348937988281]
[901.6903686523438]
[3.964474678039551]
[1721.461669921875]
[6.069857597351074]
[32.6889533996582]
[182.4227294921875]
[3.2032690048217773]
[103.79252624511719]
[372.8547668457031]
[25.403242111206055]
[4.770028591156006]
[5.144073486328125]
[65.97038269042969]
[20.93468475341797]
conversion error
conversion error
[8.654589653015137]
[94.08346557617188]
[2.8723654747009277]
[65.51734161376953]
[5.254254341125488]
[37.42424011230469]
[4.565814018249512]
[101.88817596435547]
[46.28008270263672]
[24.980995178222656]
[4.077164173126221]
[44.96885681152344]
[65.47177124023438]
[94.48648071289062]
[3.5064496994018555]
[36.4782600402832]
[94.25337982177734]
[4.218671798706055]
[6.5786967277526855]
[2.8836240768432617]
[361.7351989746094]
[45.33379364013672]
[4.4717864990234375]
[45.276023864746094]
[14.286144256591797]
[128.21389770507812]
[24.64190101623535]
[3.0818753242492676]
[443.11688232421875]
[2.9786438941955566]
[105.23653411865234]
[9.927665710449219]
conversion error
conversion error
[31.983388900756836]
[439.90350341796875]
[40.01112747192383]
[44.24447250366211]
[143.7918243408203]
[3.866312026977539]
[292.0106506347656]
[4.50920295715332]
[94.14543151855469]
[27.817588806152344]
[4.520329475402832]
[4.491746425628662]
[106.34136962890625]
[2.942246913909912]
[4.318551063537598]
[35.625308990478516]
[103.72144317626953]
[79.1852035522461]
[31.512449264526367]
[45.442169189453125]
[1715.1290283203125]
[13.2588529586792]
[1071.41259765625]
[8.292623519897461]
[31.68335723876953]
[44.584754943847656]
[4.302351951599121]
[466.00079345703125]
[91.2737045288086]
[97.70004272460938]
[220.48959350585938]
[88.79702758789062]
conversion error
conversion error
[219.25831604003906]
[35.49525451660156]
[5.926383018493652]
[2.657726526260376]
[6.695657253265381]
[126.2406997680664]
[140.64346313476562]
[63.29261779785156]
[3.393130302429199]
[44.536712646484375]
[9.978617668151855]
[3.992814302444458]
[32.09627914428711]
[4.4828057289123535]
[90.53938293457031]
[4.353049278259277]
[5.350001811981201]
[94.6390151977539]
[94.26303100585938]
[5.316997051239014]
[4.049774646759033]
[337.0567321777344]
[80.04289245605469]
[17.816123962402344]
[249.20761108398438]
[3.9058942794799805]
[43.7126350402832]
[2.648268699645996]
[4.6954145431518555]
[3.7357614040374756]
[3.6556851863861084]
[24.083738327026367]
conversion error
conversion error
[3.709146022796631]
[26.10784149169922]
[92.01141357421875]
[35.227333068847656]
[373.0816345214844]
[37.6143684387207]
[524.4280395507812]
[3.556539535522461]
[140.4105987548828]
[269.25]
[44.12017059326172]
[3.630223274230957]
[4.106452941894531]
[4029.96337890625]
[88.82832336425781]
[3.8674252033233643]
[137.18360900878906]
[1024.2447509765625]
[6.260546684265137]
[92.83228302001953]
[334.87322998046875]
[79.53555297851562]
[639.679931640625]
[207.31683349609375]
[3.245736598968506]
[3.435727119445801]
[90.93196105957031]
[5.274498462677002]
[6.20638370513916]
[255.24163818359375]
[85.84408569335938]
[3.138090133666992]
conversion error
conversion error
[68.0094985961914]
[3.950076103210449]
[396.283935546875]
[3.75001859664917]
[60.017032623291016]
[3.633648157119751]
[168.45614624023438]
[4.02333402633667]
[4.563176155090332]
[5.203743934631348]
[3.927093744277954]
[23.072681427001953]
[3.802297592163086]
[41.77421569824219]
[14.4932861328125]
[3.734184503555298]
[58.759403228759766]
[6.387082576751709]
[83.3320083618164]
[311.4527282714844]
[969.4605712890625]
[37.91219711303711]
[3.0585501194000244]
[34.55088806152344]
[22.982816696166992]
[111.56201171875]
[2.828616142272949]
[4.514835357666016]
[3.4846951961517334]
[87.97862243652344]
[29.062742233276367]
[26.598100662231445]
[2.942948341369629]
[2.885178804397583]
[19.239532470703125]
[3.7249035835266113]
[2.9784467220306396]
[29.466320037841797]
[2.569549322128296]
[2.500800609588623]
[2.414538860321045]
[22.55078887939453]
[3.428274631500244]
[29.272113800048828]
[29.3785343170166]
[127.87435913085938]
[2.8002588748931885]
[40.5358772277832]
[2.4217615127563477]
[135.971435546875]
[304.65545654296875]
[19.190982818603516]
[1.8830485343933105]
[58.034873962402344]
[475.4744873046875]
[2.6737430095672607]
[1.8097745180130005]
[6.2273383140563965]
[2.469326972961426]
[7.038698196411133]
[2.552781820297241]
[80.95453643798828]
[13.99626350402832]
[81.8840103149414]
[2.6205859184265137]
[2.4689085483551025]
[301.32501220703125]
[366.7807312011719]
[2.707777976989746]
[2.41951322555542]
[297.7915954589844]
[80.42317962646484]
[2.471353054046631]
[257.8897705078125]
[1.2470893859863281]
[134.9403839111328]
[112.71561431884766]
[21.910612106323242]
[6.1072096824646]
[734.673095703125]
[6.093734264373779]
[3612.8076171875]
[1391.8282470703125]
[82.50383758544922]
[2.7107512950897217]
[100.34203338623047]
[3.696542263031006]
[3.5006515979766846]
[121.40792846679688]
[5.0585479736328125]
[54.544776916503906]
[3.0470290184020996]
[54.997703552246094]
[892.658935546875]
[2.4458508491516113]
[11.82052993774414]
[7.087780952453613]
[70.36711883544922]
[3.6900627613067627]
[78.17295837402344]
[6.682968616485596]
[116.73722839355469]
[180.3199005126953]
[4.31119966506958]
[551.2492065429688]
[53.1828727722168]
[3.3620004653930664]
[866.0682983398438]
[100.19999694824219]
[44.44688034057617]
[4.587375640869141]
[3.4091265201568604]
[1.2167378664016724]
[274.7820129394531]
[134.6431884765625]
[16.968647003173828]
[4.495515823364258]
[8.13148307800293]
[4.276548385620117]
[2.230942726135254]
[33.031864166259766]
[174.76988220214844]
[5.532309055328369]
[585.941162109375]
[3.561995506286621]
[16.4906005859375]
[127.31179809570312]
[2.7827484607696533]
[500.4598388671875]
[3.1594901084899902]
[15.887887001037598]
[422.372314453125]
[3.2915802001953125]
[2.743568181991577]
[268.2376708984375]
[32.9113655090332]
[3.2412302494049072]
[1.1798003911972046]
[577.2483520507812]
[4.044894218444824]
[32.88062286376953]
[3.1573314666748047]
[26.429426193237305]
[20.504777908325195]
[2.4385364055633545]
[9.551373481750488]
[2.4387459754943848]
[111.61724853515625]
[78.48762512207031]
[2.5019779205322266]
[419.7066345214844]
[2.3235535621643066]
[2.3237476348876953]
[31.47411346435547]
[2.19903826713562]
[159.5771026611328]
[527.9697875976562]
[2.033543348312378]
[268.6946716308594]
[2.2211272716522217]
[35.899539947509766]
[32.38518142700195]
[129.39796447753906]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[3.7058374881744385]
[22.400850296020508]
[23.067398071289062]
[2.3058760166168213]
[77.30793762207031]
[19.91092872619629]
[243.79559326171875]
[40.96943283081055]
[63.227298736572266]
[3.1334314346313477]
[31.997079849243164]
[2.732203960418701]
[3.194110155105591]
[2.312666893005371]
[42.412818908691406]
[2.38285756111145]
[1.1718499660491943]
[3.158581018447876]
[9.243246078491211]
[5.767887115478516]
[2.1853537559509277]
[19.547170639038086]
[31.719736099243164]
[2.3186240196228027]
[2.8289272785186768]
[2.0210461616516113]
[2.1692349910736084]
[113.79823303222656]
[2.3263227939605713]
[3.649953603744507]
[27.903505325317383]
[22.089509963989258]
[99.0728530883789]
[2.2765915393829346]
[12.536883354187012]
[50.932437896728516]
[168.58326721191406]
[9.010110855102539]
[260.892822265625]
[2.8328323364257812]
[2.867710590362549]
[39.724056243896484]
[1.1123051643371582]
[7.852594375610352]
[3.0054879188537598]
[19.263240814208984]
[131.3307342529297]
[781.0784301757812]
[3.196321487426758]
[259.331298828125]
[72.35624694824219]
[255.87881469726562]
[407.5776062011719]
[2.9949309825897217]
[75.61912536621094]
[11.20035171508789]
[101.09156036376953]
[2.5752031803131104]
[2.6556901931762695]
[2.561408042907715]
[2.9992780685424805]
[2.9554390907287598]
[4924.708984375]
[2.818253517150879]
[74.37670135498047]
[1.0968222618103027]
[249.4700927734375]
[2.6612908840179443]
[3.494663953781128]
[247.47930908203125]
[388.70452880859375]
[69.878662109375]
[2.499361515045166]
[2.466285467147827]
[1.1071290969848633]
[18.908557891845703]
[70.0450210571289]
[242.88450622558594]
[1.0833662748336792]
[17.364709854125977]
[4.8812971115112305]
[15.660931587219238]
[24.155019760131836]
[2.93851900100708]
[18.422609329223633]
[2.156593084335327]
[14.463894844055176]
[2.6613969802856445]
[13.108851432800293]
[2.9777233600616455]
[593.4357299804688]
[130.64654541015625]
[650.2686767578125]
[29.079641342163086]
[5.460751533508301]
[3.4818429946899414]
[377.3242492675781]
[71.57084655761719]
[6.149941444396973]
[252.80068969726562]
[1.6580199003219604]
[100.9432601928711]
[97.5420913696289]
[2.6765639781951904]
[18.42010498046875]
[1.7383506298065186]
[67.37680053710938]
[133.7775115966797]
[1.7930775880813599]
[9.633689880371094]
[46.88387680053711]
[12.054927825927734]
[5.3302812576293945]
[2.4748194217681885]
[67.34437561035156]
[250.49658203125]
[2.2607171535491943]
[46.80314636230469]
[24.121105194091797]
[1.778886079788208]
[755.6445922851562]
[2.171548843383789]
[2.088561773300171]
[101.32718658447266]
[591.9765014648438]
[78.50425720214844]
[2.3403005599975586]
[1178.58935546875]
[5.2369608879089355]
[2.041142702102661]
[46.06783676147461]
[129.09632873535156]
[38.782142639160156]
[2.019350051879883]
[1807.7574462890625]
[2.913116216659546]
[16.749040603637695]
[23.46084213256836]
[95.64303588867188]
[476.3603515625]
[1.9972712993621826]
[358.0419921875]
[1.0620249509811401]
[2.351130485534668]
[11.72314739227295]
[67.36872100830078]
[2.3643593788146973]
[245.13490295410156]
[68.60199737548828]
[11.232863426208496]
[3.367840051651001]
[29.258441925048828]
[246.64942932128906]
[3.1170356273651123]
[605.95361328125]
[2.0845844745635986]
[3.4704477787017822]
[102.13175964355469]
[3.4190261363983154]
[124.92835235595703]
[2.8918237686157227]
[241.92396545410156]
[764.1012573242188]
[2.3413124084472656]
[5.183383941650391]
[67.15361022949219]
[100.83010864257812]
[23.114490509033203]
[2.676894426345825]
[2.4101665019989014]
[15.110655784606934]
[212.72027587890625]
[16.3455810546875]
[21.475322723388672]
[95.0473861694336]
[2.3079047203063965]
[3.287904977798462]
[2.256903648376465]
[64.08332061767578]
[46.410438537597656]
[14.723912239074707]
[88.7330551147461]
[2.71816349029541]
[77.33777618408203]
[22.408353805541992]
[2.474684715270996]
[2.5642266273498535]
[5.171473979949951]
[66.39751434326172]
[7.742039203643799]
[2.752394199371338]
[2.7316412925720215]
[2.687101125717163]
[2.6216232776641846]
[0.9881136417388916]
[2.466756820678711]
[5.1770501136779785]
[5.2565460205078125]
[16.053752899169922]
[17.222204208374023]
[3.387052536010742]
[4.038156032562256]
[13.536093711853027]
[1.8488315343856812]
[93.66817474365234]
[1.8275054693222046]
[237.57923889160156]
[0.9645862579345703]
[13.237382888793945]
[1419.99267578125]
[27.91311264038086]
[65.71092987060547]
[2.205907106399536]
[33.06855392456055]
[1.9523930549621582]
[2.1713924407958984]
[33.464168548583984]
[2.1173107624053955]
[58.15849685668945]
[102.57443237304688]
[2.7852423191070557]
[2.4374301433563232]
[2.132519006729126]
[214.53729248046875]
[36.11743927001953]
[23.179702758789062]
[127.9124526977539]
[14.117242813110352]
[22.797035217285156]
[1.7145179510116577]
[390.6180725097656]
[2.4375545978546143]
[0.9789999127388]
[1.944850206375122]
[4.006777286529541]
[71.58995819091797]
[1.8737177848815918]
[71.49624633789062]
[1.8967710733413696]
[65.14988708496094]
[1.7610095739364624]
[779.597412109375]
[16.872085571289062]
[1.6816760301589966]
[14.799866676330566]
[1.208248257637024]
[157.553955078125]
[249.71322631835938]
[5.156318187713623]
[33.10873031616211]
[4.102880954742432]
[126.39152526855469]
[1.5082134008407593]
[0.9481918215751648]
[46.792327880859375]
[3.819465398788452]
[1.8792648315429688]
[22.4014949798584]
[4.57890510559082]
[6.901910781860352]
[3.0215537548065186]
[1.3464889526367188]
[22.179187774658203]
[1.3132693767547607]
[126.05404663085938]
[63.050193786621094]
[27.754865646362305]
[1.3533340692520142]
[12.296875953674316]
[56.86857604980469]
[22.106950759887695]
[103.32144165039062]
[2.517608642578125]
[66.80628204345703]
[1.5581592321395874]
[1.5730324983596802]
[15.229864120483398]
[3.789072275161743]
[1.7795383930206299]
[1.9244003295898438]
[4.570825576782227]
[1.0591003894805908]
[140.83413696289062]
[21.051790237426758]
[62.339542388916016]
[379.47320556640625]
[1.6239159107208252]
[9.77701187133789]
[5.4184699058532715]
[239.82936096191406]
[21.77475357055664]
[66.04660034179688]
[1.5037362575531006]
[68.48160552978516]
[1.4525140523910522]
[377.1689453125]
[15.022116661071777]
[2948.5634765625]
[1.1795344352722168]
[95.83370208740234]
[1.2373418807983398]
[27.42797088623047]
[21.612075805664062]
[1.786993145942688]
[1.5669970512390137]
[37.503562927246094]
[729.4682006835938]
[4.7383713722229]
[15.823390007019043]
[21.084949493408203]
[146.63360595703125]
[15.120030403137207]
[14.513703346252441]
[43.82356262207031]
[1.1638798713684082]
[9.44308090209961]
[2.1062920093536377]
[2.2854015827178955]
[89.82633972167969]
[94.7717514038086]
[61.45987319946289]
[456.5322570800781]
[15.712372779846191]
[61.24234390258789]
[43.55756378173828]
[1.8614071607589722]
[19.845487594604492]
[350.1932067871094]
[223.07901000976562]
[2.8266711235046387]
[3.6008946895599365]
[65.02681732177734]
[20.53282928466797]
[126.6090316772461]
[35.96659469604492]
[92.599609375]
[20.312057495117188]
[4.576725959777832]
[345.69366455078125]
[1.7753894329071045]
[1.7578158378601074]
[2.0498013496398926]
[1.699107050895691]
[0.7952629327774048]
[4642.92138671875]
[1.4603632688522339]
[2800.29345703125]
[2.218186140060425]
[66.85771942138672]
[21.047096252441406]
[31.833005905151367]
[4.071353435516357]
[6.122061252593994]
[1.753751277923584]
[311.3728942871094]
[120.8691177368164]
[14.118197441101074]
[14.841492652893066]
[16.058391571044922]
[37.370765686035156]
[2.242964267730713]
[74.16021728515625]
[6.666133880615234]
[26.098526000976562]
[1.6189404726028442]
[5.748797416687012]
[49.03782272338867]
[1.4583675861358643]
[166.9772491455078]
[15.931570053100586]
[46.580142974853516]
[15.916568756103516]
[16.115324020385742]
[14.799572944641113]
[777.47900390625]
[33.94152069091797]
[25.765657424926758]
[3.4793829917907715]
[0.8568591475486755]
[487.6044006347656]
[223.4194793701172]
[633.3215942382812]
[1.5060110092163086]
[1.51508367061615]
[1.5076848268508911]
[2.907792568206787]
[9.299091339111328]
[1.9667434692382812]
[1.3798848390579224]
[32.74536895751953]
[21.508167266845703]
[1.2706242799758911]
[304.0639343261719]
[6.595849990844727]
[2.4443166255950928]
[2.0166895389556885]
[25.790565490722656]
[81.39778137207031]
[1.1127278804779053]
[780.5900268554688]
[121.6200180053711]
[21.56363296508789]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[14.455531120300293]
[0.33383122086524963]
[1.0997508764266968]
[121.47422790527344]
[1.0905530452728271]
[157.60499572753906]
[121.3548355102539]
[63.43986892700195]
[25.710254669189453]
[15.312604904174805]
[0.18516899645328522]
[20.029064178466797]
[25.39190101623535]
[2.149677276611328]
[0.18783161044120789]
[1.301172137260437]
[26.117813110351562]
[4.588507175445557]
[14.956031799316406]
[45.967041015625]
[1.4370217323303223]
[1145.7119140625]
[155.5950164794922]
[2.246629238128662]
[2952.938232421875]
[120.71410369873047]
[14.171072006225586]
[25.359853744506836]
[1.686600923538208]
[1.7128195762634277]
[149.9969482421875]
[2.1863656044006348]
[65.87588500976562]
[1.751247763633728]
[95.36937713623047]
[29.881391525268555]
[19.97923469543457]
[2.8790123462677]
[19.013439178466797]
[3.0389509201049805]
[712.3515014648438]
[64.9605484008789]
[3.0707848072052]
[2.8351688385009766]
[1025.178955078125]
[703.84423828125]
[1.805430293083191]
[14.426650047302246]
[0.8396036028862]
[133.1820526123047]
[1.9896434545516968]
[4.2244415283203125]
[1.9922592639923096]
[1.9202765226364136]
[3.3235766887664795]
[4.282267093658447]
[711.5321655273438]
[143.57211303710938]
[2.2010207176208496]
[272.76739501953125]
[92.402587890625]
[15.831534385681152]
[1.8982163667678833]
[4.091522693634033]
[42.41062927246094]
[1.905693769454956]
[2.7768142223358154]
[64.4999771118164]
[445.201171875]
[53.710575103759766]
[88.09124755859375]
[13.86628532409668]
[3.352177381515503]
[42.47844314575195]
[3.8586275577545166]
[13.118391990661621]
[2.345064401626587]
[141.99179077148438]
[0.3303576707839966]
[1.545528769493103]
[19.139835357666016]
[19.644020080566406]
[13.986641883850098]
[1.934604287147522]
[25.41879653930664]
[76.56289672851562]
[33.67754364013672]
[53.2877311706543]
[13.667688369750977]
[56.446136474609375]
[54.46474075317383]
[2.682554244995117]
[219.72438049316406]
[3031.4521484375]
[69.64515686035156]
[28.861770629882812]
[0.7813656330108643]
[30.071741104125977]
[29.54388999938965]
[14.9237699508667]
[3.7039456367492676]
[13.944249153137207]
[3.8669815063476562]
[1.688523530960083]
[30.316734313964844]
[100.45982360839844]
[14.31732177734375]
[23.707054138183594]
[20.195402145385742]
[3.9763171672821045]
[3.9385993480682373]
[6.48343563079834]
[46.28505325317383]
[10.550283432006836]
[395.2933654785156]
[46.52528381347656]
[1.4597554206848145]
[3.1008496284484863]
[14.330552101135254]
[2.2168352603912354]
[13.45890998840332]
[63.10906219482422]
[14.318778991699219]
[6.800624370574951]
[20.04010581970215]
[46.7323112487793]
[2.225210666656494]
[5.490434169769287]
[217.5302276611328]
[19.107929229736328]
[63.83967208862305]
[3.2748072147369385]
[1.7473126649856567]
[2.0426814556121826]
[210.59129333496094]
[299.36480712890625]
[104.7195053100586]
[3.217597007751465]
[1.5155055522918701]
[1.8380018472671509]
[62.00856018066406]
[2.036395788192749]
[31.20287322998047]
[2.0065481662750244]
[174.58160400390625]
[62.07542419433594]
[94.72503662109375]
[448.3055419921875]
[77.0782241821289]
[361.6456298828125]
[1.4038962125778198]
[23.394838333129883]
[13.563719749450684]
[13.674826622009277]
[89.37362670898438]
[1.4554946422576904]
[7032.8994140625]
[13.989871978759766]
[8.49184799194336]
[2.9043548107147217]
[390.5739440917969]
[6.066066265106201]
[638.2509155273438]
[18.650497436523438]
[2.1460955142974854]
[8.344141960144043]
[9.554060935974121]
[14.698690414428711]
[2.947446346282959]
[5.6200361251831055]
[1.9813385009765625]
[2.387417793273926]
[32.854347229003906]
[7.55457878112793]
[128.8804931640625]
[27.04074478149414]
[15.679891586303711]
[14.211989402770996]
[0.7188957929611206]
[26.958389282226562]
[1.6280609369277954]
[0.9759719967842102]
[81.65050506591797]
[897.6436767578125]
[1.9221528768539429]
[3.5070559978485107]
[7.790660381317139]
[2.38407564163208]
[15.260284423828125]
[71.51544952392578]
[2.104218006134033]
[450.196533203125]
[7.318700790405273]
[3.4929113388061523]
[3.448404550552368]
[6.846278190612793]
[1.9929465055465698]
[17.334440231323242]
[1.9314996004104614]
[24.222497940063477]
[363.1914367675781]
[26.171035766601562]
[2.9039735794067383]
[128.78871154785156]
[2.695328950881958]
[1.937610149383545]
[888.5068969726562]
[98.24713134765625]
[174.37562561035156]
[2.9315547943115234]
[1.6244317293167114]
[29.31525230407715]
[2.8907549381256104]
[0.705472469329834]
[5.653183460235596]
[16.684555053710938]
[460.5429992675781]
[7.059381008148193]
[1.6312086582183838]
[5.346535682678223]
[52.967132568359375]
[2.2816593647003174]
[2.6229653358459473]
[67.81448364257812]
[35.765140533447266]
[23.500293731689453]
[4.772031784057617]
[4.603437423706055]
[2.3611366748809814]
[2.269812822341919]
[3.852827548980713]
[587.2847290039062]
[13.17166519165039]
[177.86322021484375]
[10.980537414550781]
[1.6930938959121704]
[1.8259353637695312]
[1.8762414455413818]
[94.7647476196289]
[22.55792808532715]
[34.78461456298828]
[1.7766603231430054]
[24.843046188354492]
[4.5043416023254395]
[4.191237926483154]
[74.06763458251953]
[15.918487548828125]
[3.330256938934326]
[123.74154663085938]
[80.61343383789062]
[1.562049150466919]
[1.773809552192688]
[3.5026814937591553]
[268.086669921875]
[73.10596466064453]
[10.34979248046875]
[8.727790832519531]
[6.442040920257568]
[9.842361450195312]
[1.8895134925842285]
[2.9558606147766113]
[136.56178283691406]
[31.827856063842773]
[2.8094725608825684]
[3.106448173522949]
[74.0196304321289]
[2.165783166885376]
[1.9128543138504028]
[15.140948295593262]
[99.9604721069336]
[28397.14453125]
[0.6856641173362732]
[20.124181747436523]
[73.54436492919922]
[777.5995483398438]
[121.03966522216797]
[61.588233947753906]
[3477.661865234375]
[23.315366744995117]
[15.963184356689453]
[0.39359259605407715]
[15.140469551086426]
[322.3297424316406]
[118.72666931152344]
[34.102962493896484]
[37.15422439575195]
[37.677268981933594]
[51.43305206298828]
[2.0737643241882324]
[32.050872802734375]
[344.5957336425781]
[15.351932525634766]
[123.22967529296875]
[398.9644470214844]
[54.41526794433594]
[2.3692312240600586]
[92.42057800292969]
[215.86972045898438]
[2.115691900253296]
[104.35964965820312]
[2.375572919845581]
[410.7253112792969]
[14.651427268981934]
[14.969587326049805]
[122.88761901855469]
[2.8589673042297363]
[4.518640041351318]
[23.691455841064453]
[37.52539825439453]
[2385.5107421875]
[903.3765869140625]
[8.435176849365234]
[37.46586990356445]
[3.330082893371582]
[119.82369232177734]
[105.65758514404297]
[2.003066301345825]
[57.10234451293945]
[40.234432220458984]
[21.655105590820312]
[560.4081420898438]
[12.616783142089844]
[99.01577758789062]
[2.857994318008423]
[27.419496536254883]
[93.0147476196289]
[4.079553604125977]
[19.477767944335938]
[213.77114868164062]
[337.0205993652344]
[372.1643371582031]
[1.7083520889282227]
[188.11944580078125]
[833.7654418945312]
[522.913818359375]
[10.334074974060059]
[6.359310150146484]
[2.174288272857666]
[0.6509317755699158]
[112.03965759277344]
[508.4233093261719]
[13.028980255126953]
[5.207479953765869]
[48.36985778808594]
[82.46981811523438]
[4.343286037445068]
[315.38818359375]
[2036.0926513671875]
[26.45956039428711]
[997.8623657226562]
[123.14649200439453]
[4.897799491882324]
[11.786908149719238]
[330.880615234375]
[48.809783935546875]
[187.4141845703125]
[11.973730087280273]
[0.2962401211261749]
[463.6885986328125]
[4.777822017669678]
[180.9188232421875]
[16.665712356567383]
[2.298041343688965]
[26.29184341430664]
[112.8148422241211]
[15.602889060974121]
[26.678016662597656]
[3.0161795616149902]
[11.202420234680176]
[13.060992240905762]
[2.5999457836151123]
[63.880088806152344]
[45.56599426269531]
[16.178979873657227]
[19.115440368652344]
[1.3963855504989624]
[46.32722473144531]
[15.763031005859375]
[886.139892578125]
[1.4846577644348145]
[7.938491344451904]
[1.5326553583145142]
[255.25579833984375]
[0.2919006645679474]
[2.957345485687256]
[19.047395706176758]
[28.054637908935547]
[15.171900749206543]
[2.4339513778686523]
[14354.1474609375]
[60.31239318847656]
[53.643653869628906]
[3.209881067276001]
[531.029541015625]
[45.87981033325195]
[5.05316686630249]
[4.826831340789795]
[1.6191465854644775]
[5.483920097351074]
[289.1302185058594]
[141.95579528808594]
[14.957039833068848]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4416.1904296875]
[84.6019058227539]
[3.4306588172912598]
[89.36272430419922]
[1.8087785243988037]
[7.368300914764404]
[20.86538314819336]
[20.93185806274414]
[377.1590270996094]
[3.029014825820923]
[1.5400440692901611]
[1.6182076930999756]
[7.560359477996826]
[23.536785125732422]
[2524.133544921875]
[23.534513473510742]
[52.88052749633789]
[107.49324035644531]
[1.794418215751648]
[8.513432502746582]
[1.520477294921875]
[191.6421661376953]
[7.201511383056641]
[50.9479866027832]
[2.019597053527832]
[601.426513671875]
[10.400033950805664]
[5.919943809509277]
[1.7578521966934204]
[6.525240421295166]
[11.282400131225586]
[21.721094131469727]
[1.6625127792358398]
[18.838930130004883]
[182.27435302734375]
[1.549494981765747]
[4.353532791137695]
[4.039849281311035]
[2.3917739391326904]
[1.5740635395050049]
[1.2647132873535156]
[1.5374294519424438]
[84.7540054321289]
[14.752284049987793]
[1.1484547853469849]
[21.02100372314453]
[287.70159912109375]
[22.200183868408203]
[1.9714257717132568]
[0.5819778442382812]
[14.560186386108398]
[873.2469482421875]
[5.909332275390625]
[11.105703353881836]
[2.395692825317383]
[74.01554107666016]
[2.3227579593658447]
[15.363727569580078]
[14.327075958251953]
[73.3032455444336]
[33.93523406982422]
[4.78917121887207]
[2.1111209392547607]
[14.261937141418457]
[1.4905303716659546]
[107.40245819091797]
[4.342282772064209]
[21.416353225708008]
[1.7225985527038574]
[3.8683059215545654]
[73.16023254394531]
[0.4383191764354706]
[32.47393798828125]
[351.52911376953125]
[1.763303279876709]
[175.93894958496094]
[3.276682138442993]
[2880.999755859375]
[31.8215389251709]
[21.262836456298828]
[1.6159002780914307]
[1.3349848985671997]
[1.6245379447937012]
[50.55083084106445]
[21.103687286376953]
[2.7199785709381104]
[1.6870614290237427]
[14.542136192321777]
[4.966196060180664]
[110.68982696533203]
[22.103775024414062]
[10.972736358642578]
[0.7306880354881287]
[7.0309247970581055]
[2.012197494506836]
[4.829614639282227]
[2.007423162460327]
[4.432394504547119]
[8.37869930267334]
[11.686729431152344]
[1.4649217128753662]
[65.50607299804688]
[28.52037811279297]
[564.4174194335938]
[563.2906494140625]
[280.7548522949219]
[114.28826904296875]
[22.234628677368164]
[415.5445251464844]
[14.600717544555664]
[1.104192852973938]
[111.03050994873047]
[1.6721398830413818]
[1.6699787378311157]
[1.6822645664215088]
[32.744388580322266]
[85.032958984375]
[38.50432205200195]
[2.0025553703308105]
[2.6895639896392822]
[10.425562858581543]
[20.619348526000977]
[48.306182861328125]
[1.6119977235794067]
[0.545443594455719]
[1.0364278554916382]
[111.35589599609375]
[1.8785580396652222]
[0.5604652762413025]
[10.214081764221191]
[8.007676124572754]
[2.749427556991577]
[1.939947247505188]
[37.49601364135742]
[870.1729736328125]
[1.6411302089691162]
[1.6411924362182617]
[4.79904842376709]
[1.0591915845870972]
[10.252671241760254]
[48.47337341308594]
[21.398481369018555]
[20.64019203186035]
[0.2908271551132202]
[10.744202613830566]
[2.044879198074341]
[1.1653082370758057]
[2.2465293407440186]
[6.410217761993408]
[14.276429176330566]
[2.1166763305664062]
[2.0416693687438965]
[72.69839477539062]
[1.8219510316848755]
[31.504484176635742]
[0.5461476445198059]
[1.9016910791397095]
[1.3692803382873535]
[30.769493103027344]
[171.87181091308594]
[0.6821502447128296]
[3.438150405883789]
[47.966461181640625]
[1.62799072265625]
[1.4642099142074585]
[104.546142578125]
[1.9180279970169067]
[21.372835159301758]
[1.432539463043213]
[1.4259148836135864]
[1.439609169960022]
[1.4075695276260376]
[1.7904176712036133]
[30.434255599975586]
[7.273645401000977]
[161.72769165039062]
[1.8688005208969116]
[1.2223323583602905]
[353.83984375]
[1.6239230632781982]
[31.331220626831055]
[1.4957395792007446]
[1.972348690032959]
[1.621839165687561]
[1.5961272716522217]
[12.401956558227539]
[268.1864318847656]
[1.3919286727905273]
[1.742203712463379]
[10.533895492553711]
[20.15353775024414]
[31.381067276000977]
[1.4616657495498657]
[1.3070467710494995]
[1.647322177886963]
[338.66180419921875]
[1.5411345958709717]
[10.448320388793945]
[0.9286210536956787]
[1.4563580751419067]
[20.139863967895508]
[1.4402145147323608]
[21.338449478149414]
[45.91593933105469]
[13.995545387268066]
[20.063695907592773]
[1.4124749898910522]
[29.741558074951172]
[1.4003915786743164]
[71.33918762207031]
[798.653564453125]
[0.509855329990387]
[1.3555924892425537]
[0.36648324131965637]
[21.0666561126709]
[1.3100919723510742]
[114.76962280273438]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.3051724433898926]
[1.5988839864730835]
[12.057805061340332]
[1.6863608360290527]
[20.65709686279297]
[75.35786437988281]
[0.4873988628387451]
[44.67302322387695]
[19.859045028686523]
[82.65863037109375]
[74.73782348632812]
[21.266977310180664]
[1.684889793395996]
[10.3706636428833]
[19.683801651000977]
[495.46368408203125]
[1.4495478868484497]
[20.732229232788086]
[1.5502606630325317]
[1.4295401573181152]
[1.2674829959869385]
[1.5363203287124634]
[107.06504821777344]
[1.2203991413116455]
[1.1283020973205566]
[1.6366441249847412]
[2.0064051151275635]
[28.547775268554688]
[1.7848975658416748]
[69.71907806396484]
[404.1466369628906]
[1.7799065113067627]
conversion error
conversion error
[69.26927185058594]
[28.07196617126465]
[2.5552561283111572]
[2.442561626434326]
[156.60572814941406]
[254.19871520996094]
[47.95698547363281]
[1.2611597776412964]
[1.8201136589050293]
[252.84710693359375]
[109.20071411132812]
[0.8027145266532898]
[2.1315910816192627]
[19.113727569580078]
[9.309405326843262]
[3.446014165878296]
[14.541326522827148]
[5.2208733558654785]
[2.300821542739868]
[2.313606023788452]
[13.051555633544922]
[1.3847395181655884]
[1.9064364433288574]
[1.1006486415863037]
[3.1831884384155273]
[153.8956298828125]
[356.3227233886719]
[42.628387451171875]
[1.6344424486160278]
[33.072513580322266]
[103.28083801269531]
[0.4953962564468384]
conversion error
conversion error
[92.31716918945312]
[1.6445190906524658]
[1.6308529376983643]
[32.2480354309082]
[1.9274799823760986]
[9.383807182312012]
[67.29609680175781]
[265.68597412109375]
[1.9995609521865845]
[6.325855255126953]
[30.254928588867188]
[9.49903392791748]
[19.754613876342773]
[2.434298515319824]
[1.865795612335205]
[43.950401306152344]
[1.8992295265197754]
[51.28826141357422]
[9.35351276397705]
[113.06231689453125]
[1.5960748195648193]
[1.7605618238449097]
[9.238369941711426]
[1.6063531637191772]
[1.6839617490768433]
[61.9072265625]
[1.8020225763320923]
[13.206338882446289]
[1.6733043193817139]
[18.901941299438477]
[0.1648750901222229]
[0.858542263507843]
conversion error
conversion error
[14.706618309020996]
[9.347062110900879]
[107.3702621459961]
[18.77849006652832]
[71.34903717041016]
[1.4046432971954346]
[1.3668402433395386]
[1.4554492235183716]
[0.471029132604599]
[88.79226684570312]
[1.6679584980010986]
[250.07931518554688]
[9.312204360961914]
[29.047212600708008]
[112.82962799072266]
[1.1028971672058105]
[1.3937534093856812]
[9.064533233642578]
[282.0303039550781]
[1.0260419845581055]
[1.0238288640975952]
[91.87503051757812]
[1.6219613552093506]
[8.687796592712402]
[1.787061333656311]
[1.2226877212524414]
[0.46346724033355713]
[247.6419677734375]
[1.229139804840088]
[0.45182812213897705]
[5879.5888671875]
[1.5460286140441895]
conversion error
conversion error
[3.206660509109497]
[10.80396842956543]
[252.10374450683594]
[2.3031234741210938]
[2.6725974082946777]
[4.492053031921387]
[56.88075256347656]
[1039.943115234375]
[92.03439331054688]
[1.6516302824020386]
[1.5637203454971313]
[227.46241760253906]
[22.4996395111084]
[5.090638637542725]
[4.964165210723877]
[152.2401123046875]
[66.5735092163086]
[630.0684814453125]
[155.339111328125]
[18.632261276245117]
[66.0992202758789]
[3.844916582107544]
[43.137264251708984]
[156.20663452148438]
[29.02447509765625]
[119.57205963134766]
[1.8182045221328735]
[1.8150122165679932]
[1.0529634952545166]
[119.21786499023438]
[12.776476860046387]
[4.675816535949707]
conversion error
conversion error
[22.132890701293945]
[4.203924179077148]
[42.79350280761719]
[0.4696739614009857]
[2.8393337726593018]
[2.799957513809204]
[2.486510753631592]
[739.8338012695312]
[1.3145060539245605]
[2.657711982727051]
[48.3689079284668]
[18.201461791992188]
[69.92960357666016]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[17.072595596313477]
[10.369660377502441]
[1.0792486667633057]
[1.1657671928405762]
[17.998167037963867]
[1.2162020206451416]
[2.1537230014801025]
[14.043530464172363]
[1.2665480375289917]
[19.394643783569336]
[5.934609889984131]
[28.076047897338867]
[48.0050163269043]
[99.0861587524414]
[5.147275924682617]
[2.3361096382141113]
[2.2582826614379883]
[42.3050422668457]
[64.27633666992188]
conversion error
conversion error
[375.09490966796875]
[1.526362657546997]
[233.4130401611328]
[15.98326301574707]
[1.9052222967147827]
[1.9627578258514404]
[41.58015441894531]
[25.503110885620117]
[1.4579859972000122]
[19.08664321899414]
[19.159011840820312]
[566.0665893554688]
[96.21038818359375]
[27.112985610961914]
[26.509567260742188]
[1.5390806198120117]
[13372.3916015625]
[1.1003847122192383]
[9.271639823913574]
[13.533614158630371]
[12.002419471740723]
[76.38175201416016]
[16.964956283569336]
[42.072200775146484]
[55.10845184326172]
[104.60037994384766]
[2.805720806121826]
[21.631567001342773]
[14.701603889465332]
[14.45772933959961]
[0.899461030960083]
[2.3669753074645996]
conversion error
conversion error
[2.358480453491211]
[345.4818115234375]
[52.735225677490234]
[97.88459777832031]
[1.204839825630188]
[1.0352091789245605]
[3.6910271644592285]
[10.164351463317871]
[39.85699462890625]
[105.28372192382812]
[9.577921867370605]
[0.4917628765106201]
[10.369054794311523]
[0.8292151689529419]
[3.999751091003418]
[16.112829208374023]
[8.406271934509277]
[53.756858825683594]
[10.681185722351074]
[5.316301345825195]
[239.46197509765625]
[1.2549176216125488]
[8.267991065979004]
[677.5225219726562]
[14.7193603515625]
[4.997491836547852]
[12.496502876281738]
[4.20710563659668]
[3.8251068592071533]
[1.0280334949493408]
[333.9787902832031]
[10.104853630065918]
conversion error
conversion error
[2.7843384742736816]
[2.8036837577819824]
[6.732205390930176]
[2.309406042098999]
[16.836532592773438]
[2.0273964405059814]
[16.826000213623047]
[1.8735439777374268]
[16.831771850585938]
[285.85040283203125]
[16.81670570373535]
[5.338677883148193]
[4.2744903564453125]
[1.6400340795516968]
[1.6069148778915405]
[4366.3134765625]
[12.608445167541504]
[23.357404708862305]
[0.8171083331108093]
[1.8085756301879883]
[1.2520698308944702]
[33.935638427734375]
[1.8529735803604126]
[1165.098388671875]
[78.72428894042969]
[31.13591766357422]
[120.31661224365234]
[296.2767639160156]
[9.974586486816406]
[13.8418607711792]
[2.995877742767334]
[2.327829122543335]
[181.3470458984375]
[1.6584280729293823]
[47.62498092651367]
[2.8379526138305664]
[16.663951873779297]
[2.2280542850494385]
[13.330379486083984]
[1.1940491199493408]
[5.784975051879883]
[95.39232635498047]
[2.0791208744049072]
[306.41973876953125]
[7.177036762237549]
[1.1741422414779663]
[354.398193359375]
[71.6209487915039]
[1.644808053970337]
[207.8188018798828]
[1.4400172233581543]
[5.3412628173828125]
[0.7072334885597229]
[4.631051540374756]
[0.5868819952011108]
[20.217187881469727]
[12.136857032775879]
[16.634719848632812]
[98.91484069824219]
[91.6019058227539]
[9.353577613830566]
[0.888001561164856]
[171.54855346679688]
[1.6729224920272827]
[12.948494911193848]
[1.2108772993087769]
[9.29312515258789]
[171.5085906982422]
[24.043746948242188]
[2.316514015197754]
[1.1780661344528198]
[0.696237325668335]
[1.0109714269638062]
[1.7123829126358032]
[0.7504547238349915]
[0.9130302667617798]
[1.9047926664352417]
[12.932333946228027]
[10.501866340637207]
[2.0666685104370117]
[2.582878828048706]
[0.43190300464630127]
[29.110492706298828]
[1.2917242050170898]
[538.0595703125]
[7.8848114013671875]
[1.8430969715118408]
[510.9666442871094]
[7.162198543548584]
[16.509063720703125]
[1.2882314920425415]
[87.20873260498047]
[23.26592254638672]
[12.842050552368164]
[1.4850914478302002]
[12.572976112365723]
[163.3795928955078]
[788.697021484375]
[16.358257293701172]
[518.3878784179688]
[28.2800350189209]
[1.6857402324676514]
[2.3241121768951416]
[2.3039376735687256]
[24.936351776123047]
[12.553055763244629]
[0.2687826156616211]
[317.8331298828125]
[1.9267038106918335]
[1.8307348489761353]
[7.799459934234619]
[178.2121124267578]
[1.0093973875045776]
[33.1776008605957]
[26.983959197998047]
[40.94410705566406]
[1.329837679862976]
[0.320495069026947]
[0.8986973762512207]
[1.251479983329773]
[1.2012889385223389]
[1.2100273370742798]
[0.7179111242294312]
[1.116276502609253]
[1.1361230611801147]
[363.3377380371094]
[152.69766235351562]
[97.75735473632812]
[18.062746047973633]
[262.6120300292969]
[1.426001787185669]
[10.040950775146484]
[96.15458679199219]
[88.86087799072266]
[1.5769749879837036]
[1.827717900276184]
[61.340885162353516]
[2091.9150390625]
[1.4729787111282349]
[3.1041979789733887]
[1.5377613306045532]
[28.570045471191406]
[371.8857727050781]
[234.65736389160156]
[1.472893476486206]
[3.8165323734283447]
[60.36558532714844]
[1.421688437461853]
[16.608867645263672]
[1.5638482570648193]
[7.459001541137695]
[27.430442810058594]
[9.160014152526855]
[1.245983600616455]
[12.607806205749512]
[20.768735885620117]
[0.9875423908233643]
[40.667381286621094]
[20.699495315551758]
[1.197026014328003]
conversion error
conversion error
[95.33282470703125]
[13.50633430480957]
[14.108298301696777]
[91.09730529785156]
[7.529061317443848]
[1.2104159593582153]
[11.278665542602539]
[1.2100191116333008]
[16.957073211669922]
[2.0894622802734375]
[145.81488037109375]
[68.92866516113281]
[58.147125244140625]
[1.015011191368103]
[9.023494720458984]
[1.1990104913711548]
[1.3352693319320679]
[4.218689441680908]
[0.9820907115936279]
[16.290990829467773]
[38.1617546081543]
[30.574445724487305]
[19.596649169921875]
[1.1726548671722412]
[8.352208137512207]
[11.247608184814453]
[1.4138957262039185]
[90.99424743652344]
[57.808937072753906]
[1.3179702758789062]
[24.74108123779297]
[25.076244354248047]
conversion error
conversion error
[12.383326530456543]
[1.277194857597351]
[1.230103850364685]
[6.177060604095459]
[1.1750917434692383]
[1.2033052444458008]
[0.26684480905532837]
[16.542865753173828]
[0.9834693074226379]
[1.3031643629074097]
[0.6211227178573608]
[135.7864227294922]
[0.923524796962738]
[1.1784347295761108]
[2.09002685546875]
[1.281897783279419]
[1.2698155641555786]
[25.15594482421875]
[0.6678267121315002]
[1.1727418899536133]
[12.542823791503906]
[4.017469882965088]
[25.042068481445312]
[140.20028686523438]
[1.5968905687332153]
[1.1522009372711182]
[1.1335911750793457]
[57.720252990722656]
[3.595611810684204]
[1.0582189559936523]
[0.7586989402770996]
[65.87970733642578]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.8196199536323547]
[2.1410441398620605]
[0.9558915495872498]
[1.3638720512390137]
[5.7501444816589355]
[0.9071462750434875]
[0.9787946343421936]
[140.886474609375]
[7.215312480926514]
[95.58812713623047]
[87.28256225585938]
[24.589740753173828]
[24.178298950195312]
[1.0385644435882568]
[0.839672863483429]
[10.997017860412598]
[4.908420562744141]
[18.712377548217773]
[57.3028564453125]
[56.67683029174805]
[16.601173400878906]
[38.9203987121582]
[0.9689373970031738]
[138.74517822265625]
[0.9879372119903564]
[0.9404027462005615]
[93.71855163574219]
[0.6683164834976196]
[278.662841796875]
[53.19011688232422]
[1.277157187461853]
[0.4048509895801544]
conversion error
conversion error
[7.10270881652832]
[3.474172592163086]
[217.45848083496094]
[0.8641875386238098]
[7.0839996337890625]
[1.6510909795761108]
[2.1054320335388184]
[15.801299095153809]
[18.32136344909668]
[84.3981704711914]
[1.867662787437439]
[15.817452430725098]
[15.959308624267578]
[73.10565185546875]
[273.16375732421875]
[1.5944637060165405]
[6.324739933013916]
[0.9678604006767273]
[2.1383066177368164]
[0.9119021892547607]
[2.9960389137268066]
[12.32805061340332]
[7.114401817321777]
[15.807910919189453]
[0.5322632789611816]
[135.2826690673828]
[0.6031046509742737]
[1.3704277276992798]
[1.2964138984680176]
[1.265913486480713]
[1.4936630725860596]
[1.1385409832000732]
conversion error
conversion error
[85.57439422607422]
[1670.89306640625]
[1.076563835144043]
[6.1731438636779785]
[12.207706451416016]
[6.914245128631592]
[1.1960113048553467]
[11.655120849609375]
[12.429817199707031]
[12.438209533691406]
[0.8677204847335815]
[0.9458410739898682]
[0.9621331095695496]
[79.22953033447266]
[1.9407826662063599]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[12.289732933044434]
[388.23992919921875]
[0.950818657875061]
[0.8638986945152283]
[0.919532299041748]
[45.884342193603516]
[7.199587821960449]
[27.945209503173828]
[0.6121071577072144]
[0.38091805577278137]
[0.7737560868263245]
[80.55615997314453]
[0.8189149498939514]
[0.9522498846054077]
[15.815608978271484]
[0.27770352363586426]
[1.5114167928695679]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.8314318060874939]
[1.4879704713821411]
[197.0946502685547]
[39.671932220458984]
[0.826815128326416]
[1.5218207836151123]
[0.6239303946495056]
[1.4934720993041992]
[15.665692329406738]
[124.32164001464844]
[18.078880310058594]
[12.248088836669922]
[94.57168579101562]
[2.035217523574829]
[8.674588203430176]
[15.029703140258789]
[4049.00146484375]
[121.90179443359375]
[85.65355682373047]
[0.937806248664856]
[0.7766487002372742]
[0.8725168704986572]
[10.314796447753906]
[5.837996006011963]
[0.3802921175956726]
[10.558403015136719]
[0.807841956615448]
[160.11622619628906]
[1.024808406829834]
[6.803088188171387]
[6.0881524085998535]
[1.3817590475082397]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.626550555229187]
[83.0345687866211]
[8.890310287475586]
[1.7517317533493042]
[415.0412902832031]
[19.29574966430664]
[1.2806799411773682]
[404.0155029296875]
[1.7659351825714111]
[79.72373962402344]
[55.261539459228516]
[2597.906005859375]
[19.868690490722656]
[133.21408081054688]
[1.0383520126342773]
[0.6349040865898132]
[55.07892608642578]
[22.504838943481445]
[127.38113403320312]
[1.7171555757522583]
[983.971435546875]
[1.2672457695007324]
[5.007026195526123]
[7308.548828125]
[9.69731330871582]
[31.259483337402344]
[3.289691686630249]
[17.048866271972656]
[14.827366828918457]
[54.886566162109375]
[109.51231384277344]
[84.8678207397461]
conversion error
[37.1683235168457]
[0.5653108358383179]
[0.42549654841423035]
[0.9039114117622375]
[1.4814146757125854]
[11.950517654418945]
[27.995994567871094]
[12.697601318359375]
[1278.278076171875]
[62.278263092041016]
[656.6990356445312]
[168.06982421875]
[12.806244850158691]
[14.000274658203125]
[427.7537536621094]
[11.890154838562012]
[18.82345962524414]
[46.630470275878906]
[1.3475286960601807]
[111.00395202636719]
[348.3757019042969]
[33.77284240722656]
[1.3118776082992554]
[111.12884521484375]
[273.5776672363281]
[2.270150661468506]
[234.88648986816406]
[19.402570724487305]
[1.407039999961853]
[2.8446807861328125]
[0.638992428779602]
[1.1837332248687744]
[0.6316224932670593]
[12.07522964477539]
[11.250446319580078]
[17.26685333251953]
[812.9215698242188]
[2.1183910369873047]
[1.642606496810913]
[3.1268885135650635]
[8.204363822937012]
[44.8006591796875]
[12.344745635986328]
[1.1968028545379639]
[2.640636920928955]
[18.325239181518555]
[62.367610931396484]
[12.272412300109863]
[1846.236572265625]
[1.286847710609436]
[59.63130187988281]
[3.266237497329712]
[116.6523666381836]
[27.893953323364258]
[0.8971801996231079]
[1.479830265045166]
[0.7793982625007629]
[0.5788602232933044]
[4.5177001953125]
[2.528033494949341]
[2.5986545085906982]
[2.5832509994506836]
[16.01827621459961]
[154.09571838378906]
[0.9967482089996338]
[1.1411815881729126]
[16.560104370117188]
[0.769409716129303]
[3896.814453125]
[4.450161933898926]
[2.9450697898864746]
[3.0398035049438477]
[140.8468780517578]
[1.1226187944412231]
[3.396682024002075]
[214.3944091796875]
[3.6503350734710693]
[623.3299560546875]
[201.1281280517578]
[0.8396769165992737]
[14.154960632324219]
[4.385373115539551]
[77.2054443359375]
[101.86414337158203]
[31.045042037963867]
[968.8680419921875]
[4.839948654174805]
[29.722309112548828]
[4.893446922302246]
[8.562541961669922]
[4.792821884155273]
[4.671208381652832]
[4.486614227294922]
[1.4235883951187134]
[75.56683349609375]
[2.40230393409729]
[1.3133115768432617]
[48.11781311035156]
[286.4567565917969]
[101.1010971069336]
[5.766978740692139]
[448.1735534667969]
[10.950578689575195]
[2.8930532932281494]
[4.1713547706604]
[1.2804707288742065]
[45.98186111450195]
[153.4014434814453]
[0.5368779897689819]
[7.073946952819824]
[0.5201005339622498]
[0.8078044056892395]
[5.5427656173706055]
[30.260967254638672]
[0.7516174912452698]
[4.105360507965088]
[1.2869035005569458]
[0.24245938658714294]
[1.1645801067352295]
[29.549528121948242]
[10.389286041259766]
[0.24250879883766174]
[1.7950584888458252]
[8.044109344482422]
[0.978966236114502]
[81.2825698852539]
[1.315974235534668]
[5.883760452270508]
[1.7828190326690674]
[1.114927887916565]
[61.958221435546875]
[2.164262294769287]
[1.2776226997375488]
[380.230712890625]
[7.790877819061279]
[29.680278778076172]
[0.4774706959724426]
[27.8575439453125]
[1.2859877347946167]
[1.1725835800170898]
[0.4886944890022278]
[0.780674159526825]
[0.955902636051178]
[1.4453717470169067]
[0.7672807574272156]
[12.302809715270996]
[27.365541458129883]
[0.45084553956985474]
[109.63954162597656]
[7.469833850860596]
[39.150054931640625]
[2.4087250232696533]
[0.7657099366188049]
[1.2606358528137207]
[217.10733032226562]
[23.829570770263672]
[1.7634109258651733]
[31.607580184936523]
[0.9272863864898682]
[71.84125518798828]
[2.671267032623291]
[2.634045124053955]
[6.744871139526367]
[1.588821291923523]
[108.14698028564453]
[0.24808143079280853]
[1.26255202293396]
[0.33391720056533813]
[266.6790771484375]
[2.094520330429077]
[0.32191702723503113]
[0.32844844460487366]
[0.8220670223236084]
[1.3035026788711548]
[55.555938720703125]
[14.839554786682129]
[12.122864723205566]
[1.715484619140625]
[0.1417635679244995]
[2.955528974533081]
[3.8933515548706055]
[0.4687616229057312]
[28.22687339782715]
[5.994210243225098]
[0.7822434306144714]
[0.47819679975509644]
[20.54999351501465]
[2.530302047729492]
[1.6576961278915405]
[14.47923469543457]
[12.692255020141602]
[11.81784439086914]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.1960134506225586]
[1.1613264083862305]
[0.24087519943714142]
[206.58355712890625]
[0.8121368885040283]
[7.369234561920166]
[67.48703002929688]
[3.9358630180358887]
[260.9872741699219]
[260.771484375]
[1.572563886642456]
[0.48474225401878357]
[1.7387996912002563]
[0.9217358231544495]
[2.224761486053467]
[30.251157760620117]
[0.8986417651176453]
[1.7376539707183838]
[0.21724727749824524]
[1.247950792312622]
[10.736595153808594]
[0.16995275020599365]
[18.02814292907715]
[22.192882537841797]
[108.29939270019531]
[17.614500045776367]
[1.2731369733810425]
[11.517081260681152]
[0.8771639466285706]
[73.29904174804688]
[5.5655341148376465]
[0.7600916028022766]
conversion error
conversion error
[38.2908935546875]
[1.2539076805114746]
[242.35816955566406]
[102.14470672607422]
[0.4746420979499817]
[1.0297789573669434]
[1.391507863998413]
[101.92010498046875]
[12.292769432067871]
[0.7603495717048645]
[0.2970917224884033]
[8.80416202545166]
[0.4669584631919861]
[1.6523640155792236]
[3.2751874923706055]
[2.960172414779663]
[2.5444743633270264]
[0.24101561307907104]
[1.2928056716918945]
[2.8723719120025635]
[1.560397744178772]
[1.8465847969055176]
[1.3814496994018555]
[1.7697687149047852]
[1.0860117673873901]
[27.11248779296875]
[131.1582794189453]
[0.8891878724098206]
[0.9675167798995972]
[1.0188789367675781]
[1.215134859085083]
[0.9358447194099426]
conversion error
conversion error
[153.08935546875]
[0.7088673114776611]
[12.367518424987793]
[0.47201526165008545]
[0.8975871205329895]
[1.134572148323059]
[0.872260332107544]
[0.8441925644874573]
[0.7277509570121765]
[1.0103461742401123]
[20.368694305419922]
[4.134527206420898]
[6.886760711669922]
[1.0088940858840942]
[1.2369773387908936]
[40.65752410888672]
[1.123319149017334]
[498.8874206542969]
[7.788388729095459]
[96.89704895019531]
[99.2245101928711]
[0.7550692558288574]
[0.8157111406326294]
[12.112910270690918]
[156.29161071777344]
[0.7298983931541443]
[0.7164495587348938]
[14.085539817810059]
[115.61743927001953]
[4.642675399780273]
[0.6447374820709229]
[1.4169365167617798]
conversion error
[43.77225112915039]
[62.517982482910156]
[25.782203674316406]
[96.34716796875]
[26.16075897216797]
[6.816256046295166]
[0.5174536108970642]
[6.159050941467285]
[241.6230926513672]
[151.96563720703125]
[3.448530673980713]
[2.4362099170684814]
[482.00506591796875]
[1.2926416397094727]
[1.0168381929397583]
[3.5773415565490723]
[6.108071804046631]
[0.2137894183397293]
[2.828334331512451]
[5.4452714920043945]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[37.30657958984375]
[18.802196502685547]
[1.6339167356491089]
[0.15865035355091095]
[16.360729217529297]
[472.1259460449219]
[27.16448974609375]
[3.2106330394744873]
[0.7011672854423523]
[11.95536994934082]
[22.7269229888916]
[1.6782848834991455]
[0.21220441162586212]
[1.502197265625]
[1.2574727535247803]
[1.338066577911377]
[732.2606201171875]
[0.6931102275848389]
[4.9049224853515625]
[13.675827980041504]
[1.1567176580429077]
[0.9837009310722351]
[19.330034255981445]
[37.93473434448242]
[4.247023105621338]
[19.103242874145508]
[0.7082505226135254]
[24.461021423339844]
[141.84568786621094]
[1.7256591320037842]
[0.566999614238739]
[1.1694575548171997]
[53.5260009765625]
[1.1518534421920776]
[0.47143852710723877]
[238.95652770996094]
[37.03605651855469]
[1.0428839921951294]
[38.5809326171875]
[21.77375030517578]
[30.665781021118164]
[1.3379417657852173]
[1.3914433717727661]
[2.54534912109375]
[1848.3173828125]
[1.2533113956451416]
[1.307985544204712]
[1.101813554763794]
[2.0236165523529053]
[2.469297409057617]
[1.0015232563018799]
[1.018556833267212]
[1.2460219860076904]
[2.798175096511841]
[11.655997276306152]
[90.29280090332031]
[5.363547325134277]
[0.7566928863525391]
[1.1485766172409058]
[791.9290771484375]
[2.1027348041534424]
[20.382888793945312]
[13.952259063720703]
[0.747875452041626]
[11.757709503173828]
[536.2754516601562]
[1.223105549812317]
[12.023332595825195]
[43.24845886230469]
[24.134193420410156]
[15.0164213180542]
[28.653371810913086]
[27.904401779174805]
[92.94904327392578]
[3.8988683223724365]
[1.2522138357162476]
[7.553292274475098]
[3.403721570968628]
[2.8616461753845215]
[27.6787166595459]
[47.33351516723633]
[156.47348022460938]
[2.981039047241211]
[6.1688337326049805]
[0.6085656881332397]
[1.2198834419250488]
[13.676779747009277]
[0.7364444732666016]
[4.827399730682373]
[27.7626895904541]
[1.391777753829956]
[13.630208969116211]
[105.7900390625]
[13.606034278869629]
[1.993147611618042]
[0.7489511370658875]
[1.8070532083511353]
[3.4415907859802246]
[42.73029708862305]
[17.44580078125]
[3.096590280532837]
[11.717735290527344]
[27.173721313476562]
[1.6992133855819702]
[1.6897929906845093]
[261.7266540527344]
[2.835474967956543]
[165.25315856933594]
[1.346916675567627]
[784.40478515625]
[0.50545734167099]
[13.227947235107422]
[1.897202491760254]
[2.487511396408081]
[46.67621612548828]
[1.4297287464141846]
[0.11446802318096161]
[8.585710525512695]
[2.0667531490325928]
[0.9570907354354858]
[6.8190226554870605]
[1.784281611442566]
[1.2037051916122437]
[0.9570925831794739]
[25.314359664916992]
[27.313770294189453]
[0.8030668497085571]
[1.0200819969177246]
[1.331862211227417]
[39.42115020751953]
[26.758955001831055]
[88.60549926757812]
[1.318068265914917]
[1.3136067390441895]
[243.67562866210938]
[25.84412384033203]
[1.123591661453247]
[0.2227981686592102]
[0.4618726968765259]
[4.161326885223389]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.9797568321228027]
[0.7543161511421204]
[2.350393295288086]
[6.683244705200195]
[4.791399002075195]
[1.7883464097976685]
[11.371826171875]
[0.4986715018749237]
[154.43804931640625]
[4742.14208984375]
[2.242969512939453]
[188.34222412109375]
[37.3336296081543]
[19.147302627563477]
[1.2175660133361816]
[0.4599621295928955]
[17.984037399291992]
[5.167943954467773]
[0.10374373197555542]
[145.8311004638672]
[14.573951721191406]
[40.625179290771484]
[0.7756214737892151]
[5.347639083862305]
[21.856094360351562]
[3.5049562454223633]
[51.193870544433594]
[34.980228424072266]
[4.810617446899414]
[25.046852111816406]
[3.113018274307251]
[15.015888214111328]
conversion error
conversion error
[3.3945200443267822]
[34.69952392578125]
[42.58475112915039]
[2.95688533782959]
[2.4768877029418945]
[482.9273376464844]
[2.319469690322876]
[12.873042106628418]
[0.3436060845851898]
[1.2717227935791016]
[2.259614944458008]
[1.0300371646881104]
[3.0807387828826904]
[12.726811408996582]
[1.4217475652694702]
[2.5696423053741455]
[0.7469719052314758]
[28.347763061523438]
[6.412482261657715]
[6.957039833068848]
[94.03605651855469]
[480.4374084472656]
[1.8237048387527466]
[25.470836639404297]
[19.846939086914062]
[2.522113561630249]
[526.7850952148438]
[1.8033168315887451]
[11.393718719482422]
[95.28569030761719]
[2.4074161052703857]
[1.1889183521270752]
conversion error
conversion error
[6.6759161949157715]
[0.6736840009689331]
[10.520062446594238]
[37.9775276184082]
[36.96347427368164]
[0.4330633282661438]
[463.0365295410156]
[2.2130446434020996]
[1.5964117050170898]
[0.3043677806854248]
[5.970637321472168]
[0.3183254897594452]
[2.0508389472961426]
[123.20536041259766]
[57.39976119995117]
[1.1265902519226074]
[5.335089206695557]
[4.928218841552734]
[2.519779920578003]
[453.9549255371094]
[0.8903933167457581]
[0.44938555359840393]
[15.537302017211914]
[66.0518569946289]
[1.268296718597412]
[1.1999573707580566]
[35.43192672729492]
[5.837058067321777]
[15.410017013549805]
[10.910029411315918]
[139.78292846679688]
[1.7148208618164062]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.10245510935783386]
[6.619892597198486]
[258.58123779296875]
[1.5244240760803223]
[91.5870132446289]
[0.18730798363685608]
[117.47271728515625]
[226.5822296142578]
[41.40610885620117]
[10.799943923950195]
[1.1104427576065063]
[10.807071685791016]
[0.5490851402282715]
[0.47642624378204346]
[8.451377868652344]
[90.56697082519531]
[0.21350446343421936]
[36.02639389038086]
[1.6176083087921143]
[1.1744740009307861]
[22.829484939575195]
[13.703027725219727]
[2.7610747814178467]
[12.940526008605957]
[438.27471923828125]
[43.51898956298828]
[0.7416431307792664]
[34.449703216552734]
[5.653173446655273]
[35.48574447631836]
[1.717729091644287]
[0.672993540763855]
conversion error
conversion error
[86.08702850341797]
[54.9466438293457]
[1.4278010129928589]
[96.45440673828125]
[4.342301845550537]
[0.8151699304580688]
[8.280983924865723]
[0.6869270205497742]
[0.29572156071662903]
[5.661625385284424]
[12.735097885131836]
[1.0660191774368286]
[1.804120659828186]
[5.458461761474609]
[34.186031341552734]
[2.1395163536071777]
[0.4135790765285492]
[24.171232223510742]
[428.60626220703125]
[13.212153434753418]
[9.341110229492188]
[0.7963491678237915]
[0.6933737397193909]
[0.194453626871109]
[169.63983154296875]
[5.763134002685547]
[0.43455028533935547]
[91.3235092163086]
[16.38677215576172]
[92.12405395507812]
[18.1026554107666]
[36.12538146972656]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.7697756290435791]
[131.17193603515625]
[14.154131889343262]
[0.7567634582519531]
[6.434465408325195]
[0.7580510973930359]
[12.518240928649902]
[131.3081512451172]
[86.16572570800781]
[12.491874694824219]
[12.360185623168945]
[0.3921496868133545]
[6.086702346801758]
[326.4649353027344]
[0.9629119038581848]
[0.09858743846416473]
[0.662624180316925]
[1.8238447904586792]
[0.977445125579834]
[82.07600402832031]
[1.423426866531372]
[0.8524954915046692]
[4.995581150054932]
[0.8311740756034851]
[12.566598892211914]
[0.7947660088539124]
[12.806118965148926]
[10.572575569152832]
[0.09751824289560318]
[21.22951889038086]
[0.877439022064209]
[0.6720039248466492]
conversion error
conversion error
[10.504410743713379]
[0.7431643605232239]
[5.3709821701049805]
[5.247369289398193]
[90.23039245605469]
[15.778450012207031]
[13.956023216247559]
[1.1300045251846313]
[613.6148681640625]
[1.603057861328125]
[1.558495283126831]
[0.9117047190666199]
[80.24132537841797]
[17.984098434448242]
[0.7581060528755188]
[1.0285334587097168]
[0.6641719341278076]
[124.6859359741211]
[85.787353515625]
[1.1289312839508057]
[4.375699996948242]
[1.5514813661575317]
[0.700316846370697]
[0.5089898705482483]
[12.40802001953125]
[1.0280019044876099]
[81.1134262084961]
[137.76951599121094]
[12.409825325012207]
[8.094493865966797]
[0.0936480164527893]
[17.39622688293457]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.4387829899787903]
[1.291999340057373]
[8.909560203552246]
[2450.542236328125]
[0.704871654510498]
[20.328847885131836]
[12.655704498291016]
[0.7407557964324951]
[1.5545541048049927]
[8.651935577392578]
[68.8630142211914]
[2.0671041011810303]
[12.900659561157227]
[0.7413122057914734]
[85.10427856445312]
[119.5878677368164]
[153.35919189453125]
[90.586181640625]
[0.5088125467300415]
[5.977149486541748]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created

[0.42653992772102356]
[19.929471969604492]
[12.337960243225098]
[6.958831787109375]
[4.921772003173828]
[231.06431579589844]
[1.1849292516708374]
[15.657620429992676]
[0.39887934923171997]
[12.761252403259277]
[32.83323669433594]
[6.195083141326904]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.7176265716552734]
[0.8813185095787048]
[0.9520772695541382]
[558.29638671875]
[0.4446665048599243]
[10.341424942016602]
[2.034470796585083]
[0.09618005901575089]
[0.43717366456985474]
[4.9336934089660645]
[2.152974843978882]
[4.354109287261963]
[2.0965123176574707]
[0.918621301651001]
[15.199810028076172]
[0.6843826770782471]
[0.09230729192495346]
[1.2796218395233154]
[19.103622436523438]
[12.167337417602539]
[72.44307708740234]
[0.9505170583724976]
[12.87756061553955]
[263.697998046875]
[0.6972105503082275]
[0.5052807331085205]
[2.8753976821899414]
[0.5024048089981079]
[371.27960205078125]
[589.1658325195312]
[107.67676544189453]
[0.8931304216384888]
[12.051433563232422]
[1.8620420694351196]
[73.35778045654297]
[5.992793083190918]
[1.450371503829956]
[1.2909955978393555]
[0.43102654814720154]
[368.812255859375]
[0.3910976052284241]
[1.0466711521148682]
[0.7162041664123535]
[32.02443313598633]
[0.9856473803520203]
[0.9992753863334656]
[6.667544364929199]
[0.9910137057304382]
[31.52535629272461]
[33.84178161621094]
[3.180737257003784]
[1.1401262283325195]
[8.143651962280273]
[0.6377440094947815]
[15.481671333312988]
[0.9376553297042847]
[19.045747756958008]
[0.9104030728340149]
[149.9539031982422]
[5.403900146484375]
[128.75515747070312]
[0.4955117702484131]
[0.13293218612670898]
[18.90848731994629]
[4.491144180297852]
[11.894340515136719]
[0.08604605495929718]
[67.42407989501953]
[9.861855506896973]
[9.845867156982422]
[18.077238082885742]
[27.414079666137695]
[4.651987552642822]
[1.0845664739608765]
[1.3650181293487549]
[1.4038338661193848]
[2.655258893966675]
[11.586516380310059]
[1.1589142084121704]
[12.004425048828125]
[1.8012261390686035]
[7.797470569610596]
[226.7578887939453]
[1.8235129117965698]
[44.99844741821289]
[18.744535446166992]
[89.93122863769531]
[1.0913746356964111]
[0.27862411737442017]
[1.7070908546447754]
[1.6623680591583252]
[357.8155212402344]
[48.01365280151367]
[1.151798129081726]
[18.475502014160156]
[0.41868290305137634]
[16.530271530151367]
[1.3173075914382935]
[0.2871154546737671]
[0.61822110414505]
[0.8838183879852295]
[1.1618239879608154]
[12.786046981811523]
[7.7128682136535645]
[9.793140411376953]
[1.854843020439148]
[12.74993896484375]
[0.9218077659606934]
[0.8747545480728149]
[35.53055953979492]
[4.473788738250732]
[0.43265095353126526]
[0.6189965009689331]
[0.7218265533447266]
[0.9168275594711304]
[1.1310803890228271]
[7.634270191192627]
[29.344369888305664]
[4.374135971069336]
[6.789022445678711]
[0.04799899086356163]
[0.8208016753196716]
[0.38563576340675354]
[4.547173976898193]
[69.14827728271484]
[5.38386344909668]
[0.17955583333969116]
[0.689452588558197]
[0.2628035247325897]
[14.692599296569824]
[4.511124134063721]
[1.1193345785140991]
[11.585190773010254]
[0.37224042415618896]
[14.631982803344727]
[0.6507393717765808]
[68.86581420898438]
[43.6541633605957]
[0.6530541181564331]
[0.6802284121513367]
[0.8720371723175049]
[89.659912109375]
[24.268108367919922]
[0.9805425405502319]
[41.86539077758789]
[0.8175367116928101]
[1.1346684694290161]
[0.6918978095054626]
[27.783302307128906]
[1.5241700410842896]
[176.0762481689453]
[4.172077178955078]
[3.283949613571167]
[12.060620307922363]
[27.78449249267578]
[0.695029616355896]
[11786.94140625]
[0.8130157589912415]
[1.0931888818740845]
[4.373529434204102]
[0.2750166952610016]
[43.964447021484375]
[5.971614360809326]
[14.186001777648926]
[0.5819110870361328]
[4.4410295486450195]
[24.28528594970703]
[2.6518867015838623]
[283.0803527832031]
[71.1183853149414]
[2.108877182006836]
[0.2660996615886688]
[9.64249038696289]
[90.41743469238281]
[8.430445671081543]
[71.5264663696289]
[0.44418013095855713]
[86.3505630493164]
[1.2027461528778076]
[363.7772216796875]
[0.3649955689907074]
[0.5946145057678223]
[13.891596794128418]
[111.87388610839844]
[63.732784271240234]
[86.77361297607422]
[0.656029224395752]
[178.0618896484375]
[69.40033721923828]
[3.9487924575805664]
[357.09613037109375]
[0.8143391609191895]
[0.6657925248146057]
[0.24896381795406342]
[12.027448654174805]
[0.9817863702774048]
[0.9937505125999451]
[4.441038608551025]
[0.6302264928817749]
[4.041207790374756]
[2.876300096511841]
[11.521381378173828]
[1.2240349054336548]
[0.3557867705821991]
[12.990495681762695]
[1.221728801727295]
[9.33944320678711]
[1.1709463596343994]
[18.16035270690918]
[0.555243194103241]
[17.776050567626953]
[0.26298582553863525]
[11.28002643585205]
[9.30357551574707]
[2.002309799194336]
[1.0479310750961304]
[12.947216987609863]
[9.334385871887207]
[7.705700874328613]
[0.8981918096542358]
[277.63775634765625]
[11.365617752075195]
[4.203636169433594]
[1.5184261798858643]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.9932492971420288]
[174.10861206054688]
[0.7963648438453674]
[83.80897521972656]
[9.214225769042969]
[0.8170608282089233]
[0.7769291400909424]
[1.2320386171340942]
[0.9966021180152893]
[11.518811225891113]
[1.1365715265274048]
[1.0516701936721802]
[0.36090797185897827]
[348.2093811035156]
[7.569734573364258]
[0.3755093514919281]
[43.43631362915039]
[136.51382446289062]
[0.7926076650619507]
[1.2915345430374146]
[18.28921890258789]
[0.7331047654151917]
[4.148705959320068]
[0.0773392990231514]
[0.36267101764678955]
[16.060508728027344]
[0.7987716794013977]
[0.4152829051017761]
[4.284311294555664]
[0.9905259013175964]
[9.288374900817871]
[579.9526977539062]
conversion error
[3.8430745601654053]
[136.52191162109375]
[141.84683227539062]
[42.75135803222656]
[0.7812300324440002]
[0.7571978569030762]
[0.7587920427322388]
[68.9921875]
[0.4137378931045532]
[0.7356275320053101]
[108.66138458251953]
[0.26690104603767395]
[0.9356846809387207]
[1.0540978908538818]
[1.012046217918396]
[4.183468341827393]
[91.18653106689453]
[0.35951152443885803]
[0.6600077748298645]
[18.275413513183594]
[96.97300720214844]
[6.965468883514404]
[0.6651651859283447]
[2.092498540878296]
[0.6789370775222778]
[0.4246034622192383]
[234.6597900390625]
[0.8180757761001587]
[0.8331195116043091]
[18.951553344726562]
[0.8348729610443115]
[0.07764022052288055]
[0.2866179943084717]
[1.0607059001922607]
[44.160587310791016]
[43.21519470214844]
[0.5877711176872253]
[0.7712775468826294]
[11.779767036437988]
[95.8291244506836]
[0.9416251182556152]
[1.039985179901123]
[43.13206100463867]
[5.2407145500183105]
[4.230032444000244]
[18.289155960083008]
[0.2607525587081909]
[0.8289785981178284]
[10.973780632019043]
[71.278076171875]
[0.22232301533222198]
[0.6800472140312195]
[4.153223991394043]
[8.947360038757324]
[0.6382888555526733]
[2.064722776412964]
[1.0571060180664062]
[7.709796905517578]
[0.9770881533622742]
[0.41288653016090393]
[16.619264602661133]
[72.53809356689453]
[0.5520994663238525]
[7.545403957366943]
[0.6100747585296631]
[88.65792846679688]
[11.456409454345703]
[0.4142071008682251]
[0.1861078143119812]
[0.3665768504142761]
[88.5324935913086]
[7.4085187911987305]
[0.9093284606933594]
[0.9790680408477783]
[0.7581874132156372]
[0.7974622249603271]
[13.150611877441406]
[0.5367364287376404]
[18.029022216796875]
[0.6983094811439514]
[0.6746659278869629]
[0.6194745898246765]
[2.216491937637329]
[0.9610282778739929]
[0.0745026096701622]
[3.1986238956451416]
[18.199817657470703]
[0.8895540833473206]
[4.167047500610352]
[0.6507472991943359]
[11.176348686218262]
[1.1720876693725586]
[0.5927422642707825]
[110.44712829589844]
[17.100116729736328]
[236.1011962890625]
[3.858513832092285]
[2.6907153129577637]
[70.93429565429688]
[74.87908935546875]
[45.016197204589844]
[1.3750747442245483]
[8.91763687133789]
[2.3294782638549805]
[70.97911834716797]
[3.010512590408325]
[88.29244232177734]
[3.428112506866455]
[1.1266672611236572]
[3.1488797664642334]
[87.85317993164062]
[10.871273040771484]
[1.2362347841262817]
[82.420166015625]
[71.18879699707031]
[1.0434141159057617]
[0.34933459758758545]
[9.376352310180664]
[1.0227564573287964]
[0.4026881456375122]
[0.5719459056854248]
[1.6844053268432617]
[1.0412594079971313]
[2.024948835372925]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.7884432077407837]
[1.6079552173614502]
[3.9791815280914307]
[17.945938110351562]
[574.036376953125]
[0.7982895374298096]
[0.9717546105384827]
[70.0543441772461]
[64.2690200805664]
[0.5698472857475281]
[2.02266001701355]
[0.73723304271698]
[1.2172925472259521]
[1.394976019859314]
[0.07332608848810196]
[10.980206489562988]
[102.52259063720703]
[0.4002363681793213]
[7.286932945251465]
[0.9972352385520935]
[0.9457598328590393]
[0.9121684432029724]
[87.6837387084961]
[1.0250095129013062]
[0.520653486251831]
[17.677061080932617]
[80.4743881225586]
[7.095304012298584]
[18.04336929321289]
[11.255558013916016]
[2.004058837890625]
[108.28706359863281]
[2.9953806400299072]
[11.216548919677734]
[0.35565733909606934]
[31.735336303710938]
[0.802695095539093]
[0.24963216483592987]
[12.860106468200684]
[564.5872192382812]
[10.826455116271973]
[10505.6474609375]
[2.689934730529785]
[1.1054266691207886]
[1.1085094213485718]
[9.414551734924316]
[2.1161766052246094]
[0.9099823236465454]
[0.9445238709449768]
[31.83514976501465]
[1.1330902576446533]
[0.06676040589809418]
[190.7646484375]
[5.60394287109375]
[7.534737586975098]
[1.010951042175293]
[8.220932960510254]
[0.4147029221057892]
[169.48220825195312]
[1.016817331314087]
[13.056766510009766]
[88.671875]
[378.7412109375]
[601.0777587890625]
[4.095266342163086]
[3.752427339553833]
[15.369755744934082]
[3.3672351837158203]
[9.511874198913574]
[2.444237232208252]
[0.06847164034843445]
[2.0993998050689697]
[9.512370109558105]
[14.590664863586426]
[16.088315963745117]
[1.7075653076171875]
[27.995695114135742]
[1.1366188526153564]
[2.409452438354492]
[2.3366193771362305]
[1.0419138669967651]
[1.1482911109924316]
[1.1600359678268433]
[1.1508455276489258]
[0.41250988841056824]
[0.447353720664978]
[150.65591430664062]
[8.537736892700195]
[26.26232147216797]
[2.1353919506073]
[0.9423350691795349]
[0.06983722001314163]
[12.616371154785156]
[360.4439697265625]
[0.9005521535873413]
[0.8772336840629578]
[0.41045066714286804]
[8820.55078125]
[0.7829895615577698]
[16.768449783325195]
[15.2229642868042]
[13.579051971435547]
[1.0278569459915161]
[9.31323528289795]
[121.5114517211914]
[307.1407470703125]
[30.672086715698242]
[1.0195709466934204]
[308.12286376953125]
[34.55946350097656]
[11.808574676513672]
[0.8887065649032593]
[22.861833572387695]
[44.25502395629883]
[120.94950103759766]
[6.075883865356445]
[0.5533687472343445]
[87.30608367919922]
[120.5271224975586]
[9.335923194885254]
[32.114845275878906]
[103.30796813964844]
[0.27767491340637207]
[0.9048288464546204]
[0.4054279625415802]
[5.522737979888916]
[89.9697494506836]
[5.635623931884766]
[0.24961605668067932]
[0.912321150302887]
[0.7512449622154236]
[2.6692264080047607]
[190.24058532714844]
[1.8539721965789795]
[0.45361804962158203]
[2374.61572265625]
[0.5174417495727539]
[1.7872636318206787]
[80.58917236328125]
[0.2738535702228546]
[1.9286152124404907]
[2.1570792198181152]
[11.127159118652344]
[0.6189872622489929]
[0.4388119876384735]
[6.316427230834961]
[0.8410521149635315]
[7.033998489379883]
[17.345300674438477]
[1.0377429723739624]
[9.286235809326172]
[1.0605007410049438]
[1.998231053352356]
[1.1503342390060425]
[0.06339327991008759]
[1.015034556388855]
[90.384765625]
[0.9453954100608826]
[1.4938241243362427]
[16.930463790893555]
[0.7355660200119019]
[14.998235702514648]
[4.309983730316162]
[4.129655361175537]
[0.7838565111160278]
[134.0510711669922]
[104.5946273803711]
[0.5590441226959229]
[0.7206846475601196]
[78.22636413574219]
[6.831071376800537]
[66.5465087890625]
[0.5778769850730896]
[4.269513130187988]
[2.208544969558716]
[145.74794006347656]
[18.315765380859375]
[1.267073631286621]
[0.4714796543121338]
[0.8120434284210205]
[10.873163223266602]
[26.18927574157715]
[0.3890649378299713]
[333.2499694824219]
[103.80802917480469]
[0.5554938316345215]
[7504.19189453125]
[10.683302879333496]
[0.8304713368415833]
[0.20932331681251526]
[0.9972944855690002]
[9.4220552444458]
[17.787059783935547]
[2.939720392227173]
[0.41682422161102295]
[0.9331812262535095]
conversion error
[0.14759561419487]
[3.2947587966918945]
[0.5373422503471375]
[1.4546194076538086]
[7.991611957550049]
[3.058950185775757]
[1.9753986597061157]
[3.6581554412841797]
[1.2857441902160645]
[4.070308208465576]
[0.4955157935619354]
[19.536941528320312]
[0.43866226077079773]
[0.6342277526855469]
[1.3298218250274658]
[0.34332722425460815]
[0.2596149146556854]
[19.153488159179688]
[1.1209522485733032]
[1.3064347505569458]
[80.60911560058594]
[1.261609435081482]
[0.22994622588157654]
[2.4924943447113037]
[2.13016676902771]
[7.336660385131836]
[0.393380731344223]
[2.398380756378174]
[0.7813435196876526]
[1.7500404119491577]
[0.9864342212677002]
[5.656075477600098]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[14.969655990600586]
[10.4279146194458]
[1.821292757987976]
[0.44426819682121277]
[32.67170715332031]
[1.3331866264343262]
[0.3329041600227356]
[2.6059067249298096]
[5.813650131225586]
[295.17364501953125]
[16.70700454711914]
[20.135963439941406]
[1.6373978853225708]
[0.41533905267715454]
[0.38975051045417786]
[1.1717426776885986]
[0.9957935214042664]
[4.643022537231445]
[2.46223521232605]
[1.458978295326233]
[0.7822790741920471]
[1.3098654747009277]
[1.5519660711288452]
[7.652625560760498]
[8.26193618774414]
[20.619203567504883]
[115.77468872070312]
[45.14662551879883]
[16.290603637695312]
[0.7824704647064209]
[7.384195327758789]
[0.9225723743438721]
conversion error
[18.720417022705078]
[18.74150276184082]
[3.257018804550171]
[7.2109222412109375]
[2.7177681922912598]
[71.8188705444336]
[3.406947374343872]
[79.65582275390625]
[0.32096031308174133]
[1.1139775514602661]
[1.111697793006897]
[22.87633514404297]
[1.0834319591522217]
[4.051778793334961]
[8.189528465270996]
[0.8238708972930908]
[0.8204607963562012]
[18.507831573486328]
[0.3815847337245941]
[4.86604118347168]
[0.38075268268585205]
[15.44734001159668]
[44.81135559082031]
[0.2758643627166748]
[2.2831106185913086]
[44.7738151550293]
[8.806626319885254]
[5.612733840942383]
[10.46094036102295]
[0.9604519605636597]
[0.9700371623039246]
[10.422750473022461]
[11.297435760498047]
[73.6361083984375]
[0.9816902279853821]
[1657.671142578125]
[141.97622680664062]
[87.1474838256836]
[4.0101704597473145]
[0.5093141794204712]
[69.16968536376953]
[23.558320999145508]
[15.398263931274414]
[10.228216171264648]
[352.39239501953125]
[10.389686584472656]
[68.65272521972656]
[3.6789331436157227]
[4.641932487487793]
[1.6829843521118164]
[1.6321778297424316]
[0.2285226583480835]
[2.6170153617858887]
[171.96408081054688]
[67.43135070800781]
[17.32686996459961]
[0.5323889255523682]
[0.25318098068237305]
[1.2396804094314575]
[10.625011444091797]
[14.554003715515137]
[0.1687338799238205]
[1.2042804956436157]
[0.7738639712333679]
[3.9610280990600586]
[0.6013088226318359]
[0.590716540813446]
[14.150404930114746]
[41.57648849487305]
[616.868408203125]
[10.200764656066895]
[1.057201623916626]
[12.654881477355957]
[41.39433288574219]
[0.628848135471344]
[2162.51123046875]
[3.563939094543457]
[14.005074501037598]
[0.210177481174469]
[0.9105198383331299]
[72.07787322998047]
[39.96990966796875]
[1.0246318578720093]
[1.4522943496704102]
[15.605324745178223]
[6.110754489898682]
[0.96901535987854]
[0.16697707772254944]
[133.04815673828125]
[89.47746276855469]
[1.4175727367401123]
[0.4621489644050598]
[1.3039987087249756]
[0.9181768894195557]
[0.9398880004882812]
[0.8588848114013672]
[0.8207241892814636]
[2.202307939529419]
[1.9408049583435059]
[0.564755380153656]
[23.992544174194336]
[0.40102142095565796]
[6.135173797607422]
[0.899262011051178]
[0.9307935833930969]
[0.5387365818023682]
[63.380943298339844]
[0.27129438519477844]
[0.6299087405204773]
[2.0851404666900635]
[2.922161340713501]
[0.6016744375228882]
[2.9833567142486572]
[316.2866516113281]
[6.070499897003174]
[5.968662738800049]
[108.49015808105469]
[0.8094498515129089]
[13.29649543762207]
[0.05766255781054497]
[55.92857360839844]
[0.07211931049823761]
[27.366647720336914]
[38.256168365478516]
[11.842279434204102]
[15.157820701599121]
[1.046421766281128]
[0.07661332190036774]
conversion error
conversion error
[92.07754516601562]
[247.08416748046875]
[15.067981719970703]
[0.3404605984687805]
[4.386569023132324]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.2056232988834381]
[0.2290322333574295]
[1.8801515102386475]
[2.4982378482818604]
[0.6720436215400696]
[14.917034149169922]
[40.402076721191406]
[0.11612651497125626]
[4.674825668334961]
[6.023740291595459]
[3.3424618244171143]
[61.739410400390625]
[0.5573909878730774]
[0.051901303231716156]
[0.6817954182624817]
[12.629067420959473]
[0.3882780075073242]
[4.9948811531066895]
[9.91641902923584]
[0.5196926593780518]
[0.48259666562080383]
[4.986860752105713]
[28.811487197875977]
[0.3826715350151062]
[4.813650608062744]
[0.8256818652153015]
[1.5101202726364136]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.15560513734817505]
[12.054047584533691]
[0.7803030610084534]
[0.05305078625679016]
[1.907971978187561]
[2.4502832889556885]
[3.2873640060424805]
[3.303936243057251]
[0.4890208840370178]
[0.36407530307769775]
[0.47060930728912354]
[0.05284227430820465]
[8.357158660888672]
[0.3259539008140564]
[0.38271933794021606]
[0.5869553089141846]
[242.5509033203125]
[7.832756519317627]
[0.6590592861175537]
[2.0125861167907715]
[0.05207209289073944]
[0.3804705739021301]
[0.9657094478607178]
[0.3141210079193115]
[1.814792275428772]
[0.0444837249815464]
[9.310273170471191]
[0.8090783953666687]
[36.8843879699707]
[11.38670539855957]
[0.943263828754425]
[15.93321418762207]
conversion error
conversion error
[77.82675170898438]
[0.2003934532403946]
[21.52777671813965]
[0.3759821653366089]
[0.7081241011619568]
[54.093448638916016]
[1.8856898546218872]
[0.893584132194519]
[0.06715288758277893]
[10.220703125]
[7.240400791168213]
[0.2221163958311081]
[13.806653022766113]
[36.604652404785156]
[12.135008811950684]
[3.229537010192871]
[25.355152130126953]
[2018.3057861328125]
[462.2183837890625]
[9.18077278137207]
[0.5821028351783752]
[0.9353435635566711]
[0.9466538429260254]
[92.83306884765625]
[0.21651826798915863]
[237.8819122314453]
[3.7076902389526367]
[3.0753512382507324]
[57.390296936035156]
[9.737713813781738]
[0.3191882371902466]
[0.8226377367973328]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.7611267566680908]
[12.821727752685547]
[0.37548592686653137]
[12.631056785583496]
[0.3621523678302765]
[0.37131327390670776]
[0.18305641412734985]
[0.9067960977554321]
[1.1670747995376587]
[14.359034538269043]
[465.7948913574219]
[5.717936992645264]
[6.072150707244873]
[54.501991271972656]
[0.5778669118881226]
[0.05999161675572395]
[56.93574523925781]
[24.167436599731445]
[63.325016021728516]
[0.7334126234054565]
[10.160143852233887]
[0.6635786294937134]
[0.039639461785554886]
[16.5347957611084]
[0.4614241123199463]
[91.19214630126953]
[3.914111614227295]
[22.637121200561523]
[0.22771579027175903]
[1.1849976778030396]
[0.4057616889476776]
[0.5787067413330078]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.14299124479293823]
[1.4463974237442017]
[1.0340793132781982]
[89.99604797363281]
[0.05258648842573166]
[0.40236178040504456]
[0.8322608470916748]
[12.77254867553711]
[3.0789899826049805]
[1.9372843503952026]
[91.57257843017578]
[0.7440527081489563]
[2.689192533493042]
[0.5965906977653503]
[1.7727869749069214]
[0.5079883933067322]
[3.7135279178619385]
[0.7945826649665833]
[0.03972592204809189]
[0.592667818069458]
[296.1453857421875]
[7.243837356567383]
[15.606584548950195]
[0.3140973746776581]
[0.3763420879840851]
[0.5961001515388489]
[0.9538177251815796]
[12.866904258728027]
[0.37552696466445923]
[3.946153163909912]
[0.4888819754123688]
[13.982741355895996]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.3916487395763397]
[0.048680853098630905]
[0.2570076584815979]
[21.3621883392334]
[0.9079856872558594]
[8.694253921508789]
[0.7256557941436768]
[142.29653930664062]
[0.5185893177986145]
[9.7867431640625]
[288.69879150390625]
[3.1055188179016113]
[13.78831672668457]
[1.1758583784103394]
[0.6434116959571838]
[2.4176340103149414]
[0.22599424421787262]
[31.277753829956055]
[0.9553016424179077]
[0.7951772809028625]
[0.36935967206954956]
[9.147684097290039]
[0.06138342246413231]
[0.78271484375]
[1.107231616973877]
[0.7766344547271729]
[0.7568670511245728]
[2.620241641998291]
[0.06524083763360977]
[0.24522563815116882]
[41.94438171386719]
[4579.58154296875]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.9629454612731934]
[5.7795305252075195]
[2.7311196327209473]
[2.069464683532715]
[9.47708797454834]
[0.46739479899406433]
[2.713285446166992]
[0.42467284202575684]
[9.976611137390137]
[0.045848943293094635]
[1.2147804498672485]
[3.539830207824707]
[9.382120132446289]
[0.15663646161556244]
[5.592803478240967]
[14.878417015075684]
[0.06716525554656982]
[22.281288146972656]
[5.695672035217285]
[42.8233642578125]
[0.873512864112854]
[1012.5047607421875]
[20243.48828125]
[23.860952377319336]
[81.74128723144531]
[1.1344199180603027]
[0.3841136693954468]
[6.123498916625977]
[8.637225151062012]
[77.4150390625]
[11.404577255249023]
[25.29471206665039]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.8366048336029053]
[65.51486206054688]
[6.388055801391602]
[1.1814587116241455]
[1.4412753582000732]
[104.31810760498047]
[0.1262560486793518]
[0.22437863051891327]
[0.09395670145750046]
[0.5210404992103577]
[5.016152858734131]
[32637.822265625]
[21.22638702392578]
[0.1258014440536499]
[14.075089454650879]
[0.2663285732269287]
[0.8099496960639954]
[48.53471374511719]
[20.42095947265625]
[118.78270721435547]
[0.9947220087051392]
[105.07843017578125]
[12.520489692687988]
[14.511645317077637]
[59.38349914550781]
[14.48388957977295]
[13.93269157409668]
[296.0171203613281]
[0.6433481574058533]
[0.7646599411964417]
[5474.64990234375]
[87.2587661743164]
conversion error
conversion error
[30.084726333618164]
[13.171253204345703]
[44.248817443847656]
[62.1677131652832]
[6.683622360229492]
[0.32879164814949036]
[6.754774570465088]
[0.8140503168106079]
[7.7148237228393555]
[58.25400924682617]
[1.1497409343719482]
[4.63358211517334]
[0.03890852630138397]
[9.898914337158203]
[4.204008102416992]
[11.357475280761719]
[53.63242721557617]
[3.9687280654907227]
[0.07097424566745758]
[0.40116655826568604]
[9.409599304199219]
[72.4578628540039]
[4.989065170288086]
[10.066967964172363]
[3.1392581462860107]
[53.853206634521484]
[116.8672866821289]
[0.18742099404335022]
[0.8610470294952393]
[340.3144836425781]
[38.90331268310547]
[10.229414939880371]
conversion error
conversion error
[13.547968864440918]
[8.645800590515137]
[3.2650938034057617]
[13.778054237365723]
[0.3171980082988739]
[0.5224396586418152]
[9.748208999633789]
[0.7009320259094238]
[0.43560653924942017]
[1.7391809225082397]
[24.06700897216797]
[3.0215344429016113]
[23.93816566467285]
[2.9341986179351807]
[0.2599506378173828]
[0.13341833651065826]
[2.756809711456299]
[6.276402473449707]
[0.21468040347099304]
[2.5643863677978516]
[9.174322128295898]
[8.429251670837402]
[9.605842590332031]
[85.87535858154297]
[73.22470092773438]
[0.7900673151016235]
[658.6320190429688]
[13.90717887878418]
[1.8978036642074585]
[15.891565322875977]
[3.8335328102111816]
[3.038341999053955]
conversion error
conversion error
[90.65841674804688]
[5.371014595031738]
[0.04585472494363785]
[4.934040069580078]
[0.20823980867862701]
[5.695286273956299]
[145.60569763183594]
[12.689031600952148]
[0.06367228180170059]
[0.05976155400276184]
[1.520026683807373]
[42.64088821411133]
[0.8886020183563232]
[0.10130660980939865]
[0.05198071151971817]
[3.518685817718506]
[3.393242120742798]
[34.99403381347656]
[1.4420161247253418]
[0.35546496510505676]
[2.8122620582580566]
[0.04347182437777519]
[0.25926920771598816]
[9.405256271362305]
[1.0394409894943237]
[0.18943610787391663]
[30.439064025878906]
[396.83355712890625]
[0.24721330404281616]
[0.21641552448272705]
[22.337839126586914]
[12.218253135681152]
conversion error
conversion error
[29.879138946533203]
[0.49407580494880676]
[2.0473875999450684]
[0.04601778835058212]
[12.20475959777832]
[7.730896472930908]
[142.87939453125]
[191.0672607421875]
[9.559993743896484]
[1.8970909118652344]
[0.20784501731395721]
[5.28328800201416]
[48.31930160522461]
[1.7803540229797363]
[32.3108024597168]
[1.70393705368042]
[0.6120704412460327]
[14.424544334411621]
[3.943357229232788]
[7.490344047546387]
[169.2774200439453]
[3.4030754566192627]
[1.5488089323043823]
[0.04582475498318672]
[0.7009333968162537]
[0.2624707520008087]
[0.7840357422828674]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[9.294864654541016]
[1.1698452234268188]
[1.1671496629714966]
[1.1458491086959839]
[72.05253601074219]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.8491201400756836]
[0.045616403222084045]
[1.33608078956604]
[0.9480972290039062]
[0.21562451124191284]
[0.3623765707015991]
[0.7369995713233948]
[0.5060822367668152]
[0.1985151171684265]
[2.182603597640991]
[0.21666178107261658]
[5.066415786743164]
[0.36089015007019043]
[2.333608627319336]
[2.2942943572998047]
[0.6955087184906006]
[0.9147243499755859]
[0.823396623134613]
[9.170790672302246]
[42.07564926147461]
[0.1430101990699768]
[0.6451966166496277]
[0.055385589599609375]
[18.261642456054688]
[5.308044910430908]
[0.819037675857544]
[0.3586006462574005]
[0.04184198006987572]
[0.9247686266899109]
[587.56201171875]
[7.157228946685791]
[10.693958282470703]
conversion error
conversion error
[86.21223449707031]
[113.2388687133789]
[0.7256380319595337]
[44.161556243896484]
[345.53936767578125]
[2.4313576221466064]
[0.38353145122528076]
[2.349580764770508]
[2.1070556640625]
[1.0975819826126099]
[11.005341529846191]
[151.8443603515625]
[0.19940663874149323]
[0.6028952598571777]
[0.3589063882827759]
[0.5696638226509094]
[0.5721433758735657]
[0.6964868903160095]
[41.953182220458984]
[0.7111884355545044]
[1.6242554187774658]
[1.5899816751480103]
[0.35882869362831116]
[0.1409091353416443]
[0.7809159159660339]
[0.46056923270225525]
[67.0523910522461]
[16.662860870361328]
[2.6288766860961914]
[0.043998781591653824]
[32.93580627441406]
[0.08734669536352158]
conversion error
conversion error
[9.183836936950684]
[4.741270065307617]
[105.30778503417969]
[0.314973384141922]
[0.9159936308860779]
[8.98399829864502]
[0.033402107656002045]
[0.058863211423158646]
[1378.5965576171875]
[10.371379852294922]
[0.5436776876449585]
[0.9797711372375488]
[0.039415594190359116]
[13.403741836547852]
[12.979334831237793]
[0.3240720331668854]
[12.288244247436523]
[0.20453283190727234]
[0.8548513650894165]
[0.4877680838108063]
[4.403604507446289]
[0.09645836055278778]
[31.21955108642578]
[81.9985122680664]
[8.251945495605469]
[0.7185627222061157]
[1.855543851852417]
[13.254888534545898]
[1.3370084762573242]
[8.951064109802246]
[1.3086837530136108]
[0.8991749286651611]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.18525074422359467]
[1.1900765895843506]
[0.22240610420703888]
[9.230302810668945]
[0.8353613018989563]
[159.0024871826172]
[2.0656025409698486]
[76.17803192138672]
[74.30511474609375]
[15.198066711425781]
[13.523938179016113]
[0.8818612098693848]
[32.569984436035156]
[0.4129907190799713]
[5.824141025543213]
[9.200937271118164]
[24.004709243774414]
[0.46919962763786316]
[0.9845386743545532]
[13.186407089233398]
[0.9651107788085938]
[0.35683125257492065]
[321.0408935546875]
[0.8569725155830383]
[3.2892355918884277]
[7.372649669647217]
[0.7478660345077515]
[4.339212894439697]
[0.8868023157119751]
[558.930419921875]
[5.134554386138916]
[0.9564852714538574]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.042367879301309586]
[0.664059579372406]
[5.660330295562744]
[155.7834930419922]
[5.7723588943481445]
[4.5131754875183105]
[0.25079190731048584]
[0.48962780833244324]
[1.8340826034545898]
[1.3898762464523315]
[9.152785301208496]
[0.04913580045104027]
[0.32465898990631104]
[5.743101119995117]
[8.979533195495605]
[1.5084658861160278]
[9.524274826049805]
[74.26312255859375]
[67.15251922607422]
[0.3204442858695984]
[0.9120467305183411]
[3.196427583694458]
[0.7523792386054993]
[0.5353764891624451]
[5.55251407623291]
[0.04114440828561783]
[1.109006404876709]
[3.1669068336486816]
[0.04269776493310928]
[0.5660081505775452]
[0.3576580882072449]
[2.307110548019409]
conversion error
conversion error
[3.750805139541626]
[2339.39990234375]
[0.5352808833122253]
[0.4074810743331909]
[0.37757691740989685]
[3.3879165649414062]
[13.106456756591797]
[3.541196584701538]
[0.40290573239326477]
[0.041085850447416306]
[9.96203899383545]
[11.226099014282227]
[25.456274032592773]
[18.794984817504883]
[0.5302982926368713]
[0.39822855591773987]
[0.35520434379577637]
[71.1879653930664]
[20.118953704833984]
[5.030915260314941]
[4.926292419433594]
[2.695882558822632]
[12.838732719421387]
[0.16625969111919403]
[4.443253040313721]
[21.06582260131836]
[0.06804411113262177]
[1.1994433403015137]
[376.6748046875]
[5.252903938293457]
[5.191543102264404]
[7.770294666290283]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.8005240559577942]
[8.885226249694824]
[3.5556061267852783]
[7.676185131072998]
[21.171464920043945]
[24.432382583618164]
[3.0929324626922607]
[6.899672985076904]
[0.03657596930861473]
[0.3699125349521637]
[11.627197265625]
[14.31951904296875]
[33.836158752441406]
[2.4352762699127197]
[299.993408203125]
[78.1844253540039]
[1.730820894241333]
[2.2041046619415283]
[1.603524923324585]
[0.4151972234249115]
[71.47661590576172]
[2.589106559753418]
[1.8655409812927246]
[2.0449013710021973]
[9.706539154052734]
[4.350799083709717]
[2.681253433227539]
[0.041386350989341736]
[13.370380401611328]
[13.606339454650879]
[4.716329097747803]
[0.3309394121170044]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.8022385835647583]
[2.906221866607666]
[0.7635446786880493]
[15.735333442687988]
[1.3783347606658936]
[0.4671477973461151]
[0.6405109167098999]
[1.090867519378662]
[27.24386215209961]
[7.084510326385498]
[0.716075599193573]
[290.7143249511719]
[5.865978240966797]
[3.337989568710327]
[9.6451997756958]
[0.04711146280169487]
[1.4058860540390015]
[0.9371269941329956]
[4.1287102699279785]
[33.97284698486328]
[19.924575805664062]
[138.59146118164062]
[21.144515991210938]
[31.914392471313477]
[1.1770590543746948]
[0.33476364612579346]
[0.5744633674621582]
[20.41204261779785]
[33.91459655761719]
[1.0661653280258179]
[132.6695556640625]
[0.14427432417869568]
conversion error
conversion error
[73.39592742919922]
[2.076240301132202]
[1776.1513671875]
[0.15412694215774536]
[0.17897570133209229]
[1.5985870361328125]
[0.5326477289199829]
[0.35672828555107117]
[0.3407753109931946]
[2.9420037269592285]
[96.9563980102539]
[9.287010192871094]
[627.2533569335938]
[1.1913055181503296]
[35.651214599609375]
[0.27343660593032837]
[1.1312609910964966]
[10.586627960205078]
[3.58308482170105]
[45.431915283203125]
[1.0194743871688843]
[2.260045051574707]
[2.1073410511016846]
[0.4558318853378296]
[9.958240509033203]
[2.0259861946105957]
[0.33197343349456787]
[2.000535249710083]
[1.4672377109527588]
[411.161376953125]
[1.3675429821014404]
[0.8192148804664612]
[15.726527214050293]
[0.66803377866745]
[0.24440014362335205]
[0.3581465184688568]
[34.45995330810547]
[0.8981619477272034]
[15.18136215209961]
[0.6346262097358704]
[201.40585327148438]
[5.876599311828613]
[0.6335867643356323]
[1.2890501022338867]
[270.2539367675781]
[0.6240220069885254]
[11.939658164978027]
[2.0514819622039795]
[5.417233943939209]
[10.455577850341797]
[8.340246200561523]
[88.50041198730469]
[4.197916507720947]
[3.063626766204834]
[14.745367050170898]
[0.6648041605949402]
[0.43723395466804504]
[61.44538879394531]
[4.238241195678711]
[0.44930803775787354]
[22.704530715942383]
[0.20663082599639893]
[0.0441165529191494]
[0.8113564848899841]
[3.927478551864624]
[0.5873387455940247]
[0.4428715407848358]
[1.3195878267288208]
[31.485204696655273]
[124.58042907714844]
[8.89011001586914]
[22.279321670532227]
[0.6114104986190796]
[9.21971321105957]
[5.164182186126709]
[10.585768699645996]
[1.3590530157089233]
[3.530360698699951]
[0.43093690276145935]
[0.35730835795402527]
[302.2715759277344]
[0.043864261358976364]
[4.1884870529174805]
[0.605294406414032]
[0.5862977504730225]
[0.24204641580581665]
[8.723660469055176]
[8.559276580810547]
[312.1893310546875]
[5.33466911315918]
[1.1545298099517822]
[0.03225352615118027]
[0.42829811573028564]
[0.20114532113075256]
[4.647473335266113]
[0.879880428314209]
[13.67639446258545]
[0.6371029019355774]
[0.8664669990539551]
[0.8032200336456299]
[0.5748960971832275]
[76.24551391601562]
[8.736392974853516]
[0.4967663586139679]
[0.02829698473215103]
[1.3982179164886475]
[2.0043087005615234]
[89.28772735595703]
[302.77301025390625]
[4.279694557189941]
[21.14592933654785]
[0.28346166014671326]
[0.21180205047130585]
[7.414487361907959]
[1.6250361204147339]
[0.34472164511680603]
[4.891378879547119]
[0.1343039870262146]
[34.537574768066406]
[89.0782699584961]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[7.944052219390869]
[4.2581095695495605]
[0.4241974651813507]
[1.15518319606781]
[4.546098232269287]
[0.3173506259918213]
[5.351512432098389]
[7.975384712219238]
[1.5595273971557617]
[29.754392623901367]
[13.69202995300293]
[71.35417175292969]
[84.87393188476562]
[0.7777310013771057]
[2.6133639812469482]
[0.7219745516777039]
[0.8754580020904541]
[0.8425028324127197]
[4.201993465423584]
[2.9003539085388184]
[0.31223994493484497]
[0.678389310836792]
[10.090763092041016]
[0.13177989423274994]
[1.0741372108459473]
[0.4738524258136749]
[1.0708619356155396]
[0.6544815897941589]
[0.5993043780326843]
[0.2798633873462677]
[7.971860885620117]
[0.2896558344364166]
[0.0358707495033741]
[34.222259521484375]
[8952.15625]
[0.48504164814949036]
[7.819298267364502]
[4.741541385650635]
[0.4306055009365082]
[92.35025024414062]
[0.5879075527191162]
[0.7596768140792847]
[1.0501396656036377]
[1.2559788227081299]
[0.24446460604667664]
[0.35559889674186707]
[4.852294445037842]
[7.3732733726501465]
[0.035419341176748276]
[0.8765876889228821]
[0.040806449949741364]
[1.0704553127288818]
[0.11773373931646347]
[2111.46875]
[5.73690128326416]
[255.2359619140625]
[0.9470382928848267]
[1.034827709197998]
[0.08250287175178528]
[4.3139472007751465]
[0.7534659504890442]
[1.2908397912979126]
[1.026137113571167]
[0.4290350079536438]
[0.3245282769203186]
[13.676976203918457]
[72.18217468261719]
[0.8436785340309143]
[0.04161985218524933]
[0.16903789341449738]
[2.276646614074707]
[74.19026184082031]
[0.24074526131153107]
[3.8498458862304688]
[0.04298777133226395]
[0.3689228892326355]
[0.431559681892395]
[32.864341735839844]
[0.8120481967926025]
[0.2265947312116623]
[2.3805103302001953]
[1.638356328010559]
[0.7143663167953491]
[103.14630126953125]
[2.1077539920806885]
[626.9600219726562]
[5.101179122924805]
[37.68059158325195]
[0.17104686796665192]
[0.6319754123687744]
[0.9027312994003296]
[0.9269806146621704]
[3.596867322921753]
[72.02812194824219]
[0.2912416160106659]
[1864.8515625]
[0.3446204364299774]
[1.0813652276992798]
[4.882872104644775]
[1.1029629707336426]
[72.2274169921875]
[0.051306236535310745]
[1.8867831230163574]
[4.166350841522217]
[0.2744886577129364]
[0.9723609089851379]
[16.266010284423828]
[7932.04638671875]
[20.236461639404297]
[4.338977336883545]
[7.738013744354248]
[0.7815310955047607]
[0.34531936049461365]
[0.3439188003540039]
[88.97815704345703]
[92.86817169189453]
[1.1179966926574707]
[55.903785705566406]
[13732.9072265625]
[5.592831611633301]
[8.857741355895996]
[8.272555351257324]
[0.2874829173088074]
[1.8597630262374878]
[5.367636203765869]
[0.27005401253700256]
[0.25015124678611755]
[20.0124568939209]
[14.869747161865234]
[131.58941650390625]
[4.425436496734619]
[0.07637457549571991]
[2.020752191543579]
[1.3119169473648071]
[14.329813003540039]
[0.039888396859169006]
[20.0396785736084]
[0.9051662683486938]
[2.972824811935425]
[1.9953993558883667]
[9.325664520263672]
[0.4975759983062744]
[11.787322998046875]
[3.074575424194336]
[0.04241277649998665]
[1.3656541109085083]
[0.7356253862380981]
[5.218838691711426]
[5.450027942657471]
[0.5063932538032532]
[2.298879384994507]
[7.8161444664001465]
[2.136955499649048]
[2231.1748046875]
[88.5673599243164]
[0.5106950998306274]
[0.032035522162914276]
[0.3684512972831726]
[4.198326587677002]
[0.2510901391506195]
[6.545496940612793]
[1290.6348876953125]
[0.3690718412399292]
[36.28227615356445]
[0.32664716243743896]
[0.07282557338476181]
[5.008462905883789]
[1.2931022644042969]
[4.128304958343506]
[1.1688005924224854]
[0.9072129726409912]
[1.886346459388733]
[0.8400235772132874]
[14.267312049865723]
[1.0650267601013184]
[8.642467498779297]
[9.948698043823242]
[3.4159815311431885]
[281.9073486328125]
[0.748342752456665]
[279.3326110839844]
[8.556514739990234]
[0.6082454919815063]
[1.9308487176895142]
[3.0958449840545654]
[0.32956749200820923]
[2.874218463897705]
[1.3578345775604248]
[4.073896408081055]
[0.5277756452560425]
[9.971735954284668]
[0.8612208366394043]
[1.072405219078064]
[0.8428117632865906]
[0.8550322651863098]
[1.3282749652862549]
[4.611669540405273]
[1.983518123626709]
[100.40397644042969]
[92.77953338623047]
[14.201201438903809]
[0.8057314157485962]
[0.9654718637466431]
[7.732183933258057]
[8.831766128540039]
[0.18422311544418335]
[1.9859081506729126]
[1.6448721885681152]
[2.491215467453003]
[3.424105167388916]
[8.494338035583496]
[4.098810195922852]
[3.659014940261841]
[7.323769569396973]
[5.82912540435791]
[0.42094066739082336]
[0.3229544162750244]
[0.7381815910339355]
[15.855932235717773]
[0.04850390553474426]
[263.3372802734375]
[38.80329132080078]
[0.04335469380021095]
[14.079084396362305]
[0.5045019388198853]
[0.1110362634062767]
[4.504717826843262]
[8.814270973205566]
[0.35106852650642395]
[0.038425229489803314]
[14.074310302734375]
[1.9803599119186401]
[12.635883331298828]
[0.20478254556655884]
[1.7298001050949097]
[11.982475280761719]
[2.331671953201294]
[0.23264667391777039]
[0.40691596269607544]
[5.5102081298828125]
[4.049310207366943]
[0.8032811880111694]
[48.76838684082031]
[257.9925842285156]
[0.3084108233451843]
[10.72451400756836]
[1.4118027687072754]
[0.7264695763587952]
[1.3930739164352417]
[8.999151229858398]
[11.749013900756836]
[1.8378154039382935]
[0.6972271800041199]
[1.7748430967330933]
[1.0665935277938843]
[7.0247673988342285]
[1.0025508403778076]
[1.1953567266464233]
[383.90447998046875]
[8.34219741821289]
[0.050050415098667145]
[3.1780428886413574]
[3083.09521484375]
[0.4215391278266907]
[0.8024560809135437]
[7.2415876388549805]
[2.995465040206909]
[0.4734475612640381]
[8.060436248779297]
[11.448492050170898]
[0.3892797827720642]
[7.91851806640625]
[2.5006556510925293]
[37.8225212097168]
[13.403836250305176]
[0.7086513638496399]
[23.649106979370117]
[1.070799708366394]
[0.0380849689245224]
[0.162199005484581]
[0.08430980890989304]
[4.092855930328369]
[1.7199450731277466]
[0.04745553433895111]
[82.65744018554688]
[116.43370819091797]
[4.3423871994018555]
[15.820195198059082]
[0.3313230574131012]
[3.5796289443969727]
[0.4625627398490906]
[6.770781993865967]
[7.643399715423584]
[2.128453016281128]
[119.0395278930664]
[73.34796142578125]
[1.7197343111038208]
[0.1254466027021408]
[0.1787898689508438]
[0.029584184288978577]
[8.847862243652344]
[7.843547821044922]
[100.45077514648438]
[0.29173147678375244]
[18.780208587646484]
[0.4719783365726471]
[95.75637817382812]
[0.8810039758682251]
[9.833199501037598]
[12.945398330688477]
[3.1472089290618896]
[44.3101806640625]
[3.417722225189209]
[32.196407318115234]
[0.2939358353614807]
[380.98614501953125]
[1.0739281177520752]
[2682.587890625]
[42.096351623535156]
[2.3873815536499023]
[0.3229225277900696]
[8.853763580322266]
[0.2998579144477844]
[0.3479507565498352]
[28.294981002807617]
[12.750288963317871]
[3.7559523582458496]
[14.058126449584961]
[1.8799164295196533]
[0.36566486954689026]
[3.5999886989593506]
[107.50689697265625]
[82.00541687011719]
[2.9973697662353516]
[145.30801391601562]
[9.167533874511719]
[15.186346054077148]
[1.3041876554489136]
[1.7999590635299683]
[0.8359932899475098]
[0.6817266345024109]
[0.9142013788223267]
[1.630355715751648]
[8.858269691467285]
[61.866451263427734]
[3.648836135864258]
[56.9886589050293]
[19.71799087524414]
[0.48531654477119446]
[0.8991237878799438]
[13.777174949645996]
[20.503068923950195]
[0.027130678296089172]
[1.605065107345581]
[33.78584289550781]
[0.9199738502502441]
[2.8120203018188477]
[0.9253676533699036]
[0.406229704618454]
[0.4359114170074463]
[1.0974162817001343]
[0.22921712696552277]
[3.842538356781006]
[40.16364669799805]
[1.36954927444458]
[0.8619875907897949]
[33.50076675415039]
[5.5465803146362305]
[13.815308570861816]
[0.6721706390380859]
[0.5311191082000732]
[0.3175869882106781]
[29.739280700683594]
[0.8402180671691895]
[2.129908561706543]
[518.6392211914062]
[86.96041107177734]
[1.1941676139831543]
[1.5617995262145996]
[0.04816388711333275]
[2.6647658348083496]
[0.8467278480529785]
[2.9654343128204346]
[1.8871362209320068]
[20.750713348388672]
[0.1388750523328781]
[9.307806015014648]
[13.374560356140137]
[2.430255174636841]
[16.994691848754883]
[0.8675357699394226]
[0.6453644037246704]
[11.518255233764648]
[53.70743179321289]
[1.190600872039795]
[0.20391738414764404]
[6.912399768829346]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.399366855621338]
[14.455056190490723]
[0.20340941846370697]
[2.4418277740478516]
[0.6820709109306335]
[0.9947728514671326]
[11.945096015930176]
[65.1518325805664]
[9.131174087524414]
[3.5135741233825684]
[1.1599899530410767]
[2.914614677429199]
[2.6150949001312256]
[1.4623229503631592]
[16.995656967163086]
[32.87568664550781]
[6.383566379547119]
[9.430658340454102]
[0.3875540792942047]
[0.06042226403951645]
[1.5418596267700195]
[1.4259636402130127]
[8.936993598937988]
[0.048401884734630585]
[1.1696678400039673]
[0.7110647559165955]
[35.84157180786133]
[0.8023459911346436]
[0.04194323718547821]
[0.9394960999488831]
[0.4703443944454193]
[0.4956326186656952]
[10730.6787109375]
[3.898958683013916]
[8.350540161132812]
[7.021602153778076]
[1.1094073057174683]
[84.17762756347656]
[1.5694248676300049]
[9.096366882324219]
[27.044633865356445]
[1.9738787412643433]
[0.9580600261688232]
[0.7021803855895996]
[1.3338509798049927]
[7.4752631187438965]
[0.05323231220245361]
[1.2742257118225098]
[16.17519187927246]
[36.64916229248047]
[72.1143569946289]
[2.6742801666259766]
[0.3601625859737396]
[21.761682510375977]
[1.863918662071228]
[163.0457763671875]
[9.522370338439941]
[21.38199234008789]
[1.8459161520004272]
[1.895889401435852]
[75.83698272705078]
[1.4059169292449951]
[0.6993245482444763]
[7.040078639984131]
[0.39873531460762024]
[9.469457626342773]
[2.8231289386749268]
[0.05183244124054909]
[61.99457931518555]
[9.356917381286621]
[86.29953002929688]
[8.269669532775879]
[92.75627899169922]
[2.0916407108306885]
[0.677447497844696]
[1.000686764717102]
[0.3659365177154541]
[0.4057730436325073]
[78.967041015625]
[0.20256613194942474]
[2.701951265335083]
[0.9953439235687256]
[0.668796718120575]
[11.839176177978516]
[86.33531951904297]
[0.5167950987815857]
[70.16926574707031]
[2.3844072818756104]
[10.276268005371094]
[2.2169034481048584]
[7.953453540802002]
conversion error
conversion error
[28.42682456970215]
[6.298672676086426]
[0.5071759223937988]
[0.04296281933784485]
[14.01638412475586]
[9.887380599975586]
[0.5605261921882629]
[1.9632142782211304]
[1.0397601127624512]
[6.9474592208862305]
[2.6680715084075928]
[1.137243628501892]
[8.486096382141113]
[1.346341848373413]
[3.7390401363372803]
[1.4097192287445068]
[0.17418211698532104]
[0.7410151958465576]
[0.3130630850791931]
[8.492913246154785]
[0.2841247320175171]
[10.875927925109863]
[7.767084121704102]
[1.662495732307434]
[0.5855197906494141]
[0.8816837072372437]
[14.62669563293457]
[7.6464104652404785]
[4.682049751281738]
[463.9300537109375]
[1.2230342626571655]
[12.49835205078125]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.2545439600944519]
[37.36970520019531]
[299.9459533691406]
[8.778645515441895]
[75.61785888671875]
[0.4338645040988922]
[8.964468955993652]
[1.9655719995498657]
[3.4349443912506104]
[25.513742446899414]
[16.263046264648438]
[4.509647369384766]
[0.5493226051330566]
[0.5737331509590149]
[3.2242379188537598]
[4.399316310882568]
[4.6004719734191895]
[1.044735312461853]
[1.4449784755706787]
[0.5589131116867065]
[7.258977890014648]
[0.5231704115867615]
[8.66562557220459]
[0.4405428171157837]
[8.659507751464844]
[0.6030265092849731]
[0.3574058413505554]
[0.29854512214660645]
[0.7231428027153015]
[104.87235260009766]
[2.528329849243164]
[3.4476561546325684]
conversion error
conversion error
[2.8827505111694336]
[0.03831532597541809]
[99.50487518310547]
[0.8984821438789368]
[0.39247962832450867]
[8.2699613571167]
[0.5637911558151245]
[1.980069875717163]
[0.7801375389099121]
[6.897234916687012]
[20.187196731567383]
[1.1811021566390991]
[4.703342437744141]
[0.3571099042892456]
[24.695924758911133]
[0.6669768691062927]
[2.0794034004211426]
[0.6135022640228271]
[133.1439971923828]
[0.19020579755306244]
[11.517282485961914]
[0.6542361378669739]
[1.4338746070861816]
[0.65569007396698]
[0.3045296370983124]
[0.24285346269607544]
[1.2246906757354736]
[2.452558994293213]
[0.09349079430103302]
[2.639566659927368]
[0.5706509947776794]
[1.325585961341858]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.09611214697360992]
[25.979158401489258]
[3.7530288696289062]
[14.444596290588379]
[8.188207626342773]
[0.029494373127818108]
[5.871458053588867]
[0.04910561442375183]
[0.3582773506641388]
[0.16437825560569763]
[1.8725723028182983]
[0.347015917301178]
[1.030981421470642]
[8.016358375549316]
[0.19440044462680817]
[2.4374732971191406]
[0.32307061553001404]
[8.749730110168457]
[4.397528171539307]
[32.067291259765625]
[1807.8359375]
[8.040194511413574]
[716.525390625]
[0.04641145095229149]
[0.37997257709503174]
[2.098707914352417]
[0.5436018705368042]
[1.5663336515426636]
[0.7236306667327881]
[2.5828707218170166]
[229.07342529296875]
[1.179781436920166]
conversion error
[0.8554235696792603]
[8.809789657592773]
[1.388176679611206]
[2.072483539581299]
[28.275678634643555]
[4.183564186096191]
[19.836179733276367]
[2.4642865657806396]
[62.489967346191406]
[15.129158973693848]
[0.923270583152771]
[2.994704008102417]
[1.8128197193145752]
[0.7060439586639404]
[2.1394448280334473]
[0.02374151535332203]
[0.6275305151939392]
[1.2184176445007324]
[1.6305776834487915]
[0.6396400332450867]
[7.399950981140137]
[0.6708294153213501]
[2.9093267917633057]
[23.956289291381836]
[0.18334254622459412]
[0.7004100680351257]
[0.19192929565906525]
[0.6282323002815247]
[3.672013282775879]
[1.37434983253479]
[4.267251968383789]
[4.038243293762207]
[1.939460277557373]
[34.2315559387207]
[11.86744499206543]
[1249.0775146484375]
[8.203652381896973]
[1.5719294548034668]
[0.03083728812634945]
[0.7628805637359619]
[1.0012753009796143]
[91.29487609863281]
[0.6113578081130981]
[6.803191661834717]
[0.36395806074142456]
[11.776022911071777]
[26.371112823486328]
[0.8309884071350098]
[61.2833366394043]
[4.263525485992432]
[3.8335072994232178]
[8176.47998046875]
[1.340158224105835]
[6.653031826019287]
[0.7112822532653809]
[18.95612907409668]
[0.6313979029655457]
[4.5865702629089355]
[0.37406495213508606]
[2.9096028804779053]
[0.34274017810821533]
[53.313941955566406]
[1.0362049341201782]
[7.254834175109863]
[3.9563796520233154]
[5.680027961730957]
[1.364761233329773]
[705.5966186523438]
[177.66481018066406]
[88.67078399658203]
[2.339540958404541]
[0.8997513651847839]
[4.427314281463623]
[25.837451934814453]
[0.9172236919403076]
[0.8586947917938232]
[2.399867296218872]
[0.3185340166091919]
[7.712827205657959]
[0.6241403222084045]
[3.0445029735565186]
[0.6586505174636841]
[76.79562377929688]
[0.9725361466407776]
[1.3366464376449585]
[0.36501839756965637]
[4.034882545471191]
[8.680068016052246]
[108.12347412109375]
[8.137292861938477]
[0.3491573631763458]
[0.24113094806671143]
[1.0010353326797485]
[6.2369489669799805]
[0.9857584238052368]
[88.9341049194336]
[1.4110634326934814]
[5.0737385749816895]
[3.3560712337493896]
[1.3178249597549438]
[11.129237174987793]
[0.5050121545791626]
[2.8470840454101562]
[0.7143909335136414]
[20.281749725341797]
[0.3184238374233246]
[0.6312357187271118]
[19.71038055419922]
[0.17924335598945618]
[57.9791259765625]
[34.86093521118164]
[1.588204026222229]
[1.3382508754730225]
[0.8440266251564026]
[0.8619626760482788]
[13.393282890319824]
[0.30313044786453247]
[74.34300994873047]
[1.8000668287277222]
[0.7539308071136475]
[0.9999935626983643]
[0.9057214856147766]
[86.18363189697266]
[2.6744704246520996]
[292.4599609375]
[0.22469474375247955]
[8.486464500427246]
[25.216779708862305]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.5745144486427307]
[225.4584503173828]
[0.8073246479034424]
[0.42412883043289185]
[1.0462539196014404]
[7.792465686798096]
[6.179866313934326]
[287.6412353515625]
[1.6843082904815674]
[0.6670956611633301]
[3.0115737915039062]
[0.8183399438858032]
[1.0674512386322021]
[0.7027182579040527]
[0.38207539916038513]
[1716.535888671875]
[2.6671323776245117]
[8.263209342956543]
[8019.0224609375]
[1.4170724153518677]
[27.40239906311035]
[0.3465408980846405]
[0.19133147597312927]
[6.235726833343506]
[22.18347930908203]
[0.6879717111587524]
[1.777590036392212]
[8.540721893310547]
[0.024330250918865204]
[3.3158011436462402]
[9.670029640197754]
[3.563969373703003]
conversion error
conversion error
[5.471062183380127]
[1839.4638671875]
[0.09021935611963272]
[3.0767769813537598]
[0.035739682614803314]
[8.268741607666016]
[0.2680598795413971]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[262.7779846191406]
[115.0964126586914]
[5.05818510055542]
[18.738658905029297]
[253.36424255371094]
[7.737216949462891]
[0.2960270941257477]
[10.358155250549316]
[1.3889451026916504]
[0.42450833320617676]
[40.324668884277344]
[0.8865367770195007]
[3.9836325645446777]
[4.39867639541626]
[1.0483553409576416]
[0.3499077558517456]
[11.547895431518555]
[0.242194265127182]
[51.865501403808594]
[4.051538944244385]
[3.5052030086517334]
[8.664722442626953]
[0.6846637725830078]
[7.570013523101807]
[14.080657005310059]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.04236791655421257]
[22.51215362548828]
[8.18539810180664]
[0.19050142168998718]
[123.53779602050781]
[0.27635958790779114]
[40.96425247192383]
[46.836883544921875]
[1.091872215270996]
[25.467443466186523]
[60.75892639160156]
[28.612688064575195]
[0.18822261691093445]
[0.245841383934021]
[1534.6824951171875]
[2.30649471282959]
[13.893843650817871]
[630.421630859375]
[0.357316792011261]
[0.6849296689033508]
[1.4647129774093628]
[3.30277681350708]
[0.18674425780773163]
[30.150224685668945]
[6.545458793640137]
[237.03794860839844]
[2.019047737121582]
[0.7861200571060181]
[28.54065704345703]
[2.852396011352539]
[5.972150802612305]
[6.242082595825195]
conversion error
conversion error
[2.267853260040283]
[0.2250654101371765]
[0.3623564839363098]
[0.9149311780929565]
[3.408646583557129]
[6.240386962890625]
[1.3604083061218262]
[0.09452707320451736]
[1.8866147994995117]
[5.7973952293396]
[113.18216705322266]
[16.66364860534668]
[53.26869583129883]
[5250.1845703125]
[0.2172035574913025]
[0.19691285490989685]
[2.6824703216552734]
[6.011366367340088]
[8.172998428344727]
[39.36723327636719]
[1.1219990253448486]
[4.287930488586426]
[7.177053928375244]
[1.0828518867492676]
[13.96072769165039]
[1.5096255540847778]
[0.4686628580093384]
[13.167123794555664]
[28.73287582397461]
[0.2715771496295929]
[4.425507068634033]
[1314.1361083984375]
conversion error
conversion error
[2.2825446128845215]
[1.1968696117401123]
[0.43877342343330383]
[5.497292995452881]
[0.12977087497711182]
[127.14411163330078]
[30.072425842285156]
[15.857316970825195]
[1.7898768186569214]
[106.14373016357422]
[172.02392578125]
[114.42334747314453]
[11.209834098815918]
[1.5540885925292969]
[314.9735412597656]
[755.1592407226562]
[55.61530303955078]
[12.447772979736328]
[4.37358283996582]
[3486.69091796875]
[14.116037368774414]
[0.38322389125823975]
[19.795995712280273]
[0.36847445368766785]
[0.06950438767671585]
[2.841525077819824]
[19.43271827697754]
[0.5837085247039795]
[2.9113144874572754]
[0.48949214816093445]
[87.11357116699219]
[0.9386144280433655]
conversion error
conversion error
[2.551687717437744]
[2.6656768321990967]
[3.803415536880493]
[18.893478393554688]
[2.1011807918548584]
[12.574878692626953]
[1.289002537727356]
[10.95236587524414]
[12.823530197143555]
[8.442891120910645]
[8.019096374511719]
[3.8271265029907227]
[1.5819766521453857]
[0.48492172360420227]
[1.3578449487686157]
[2.0483553409576416]
[127.70446014404297]
[6.551243782043457]
[1.3320616483688354]
[0.8416222929954529]
[62.44062805175781]
[74.2783432006836]
[1.139832854270935]
[232.00267028808594]
[8.189262390136719]
[86.75788116455078]
[2.9786536693573]
[1.4649033546447754]
[9.243490219116211]
[0.24362167716026306]
[1186.7420654296875]
[78.8928451538086]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.5076197981834412]
[1.1952091455459595]
[0.928147554397583]
[2.939176559448242]
[3817.655029296875]
[85.55480194091797]
[22.74376678466797]
[3.428408622741699]
[40.659210205078125]
[7.33698844909668]
[1.4271783828735352]
[0.20940813422203064]
[0.2956327497959137]
[7.8736491203308105]
[0.947293221950531]
[0.285109281539917]
[0.623153567314148]
[2.1766862869262695]
[1.1922146081924438]
[0.38781625032424927]
[8.279012680053711]
[0.21904391050338745]
[1.0251669883728027]
[12.242583274841309]
[0.39274874329566956]
[0.6926031708717346]
[0.2604277729988098]
[0.03889613598585129]
[2.7826590538024902]
[8.531610488891602]
[1.2657567262649536]
[16.06315803527832]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.10641578584909439]
[0.46631717681884766]
[1.0010409355163574]
[17.523046493530273]
[51.09904861450195]
[284.2189636230469]
[17.033798217773438]
[1.9528186321258545]
[1.9343163967132568]
[81.98957061767578]
[0.03423099219799042]
[0.0387704111635685]
[7.936741828918457]
[0.40366145968437195]
[0.45434653759002686]
[1.2525835037231445]
[1.4722181558609009]
[57.4761848449707]
[36.74177551269531]
[13.158525466918945]
[6.197597503662109]
[1.5633833408355713]
[18.309207916259766]
[0.028172805905342102]
[71.9605484008789]
[1.1001861095428467]
[0.04726741835474968]
[22.17400360107422]
[0.9415957927703857]
[7.545770645141602]
[369.2196044921875]
[7.8186354637146]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.0193686485290527]
[27.99454116821289]
[12.554255485534668]
[182.6016082763672]
[4.0193586349487305]
[3.854891300201416]
[0.4605295956134796]
[22.421167373657227]
[1.1323190927505493]
[4.789654731750488]
[0.37106308341026306]
[206.6387939453125]
[2.4208714962005615]
[9.199481010437012]
[1.587039828300476]
[0.4616985023021698]
[1.3958914279937744]
[1.1701246500015259]
[395.31866455078125]
[11.645991325378418]
[0.6280481815338135]
[13.313925743103027]
[0.6150235533714294]
[435.47967529296875]
[0.9179439544677734]
[3.6532669067382812]
[32.412044525146484]
[0.02572399377822876]
[81.8500747680664]
[0.5790602564811707]
[587.1699829101562]
[0.5604281425476074]
conversion error
conversion error
[26.003820419311523]
[0.5463278889656067]
[0.2620908319950104]
[10.143040657043457]
[16.7001895904541]
[2.6083931922912598]
[0.29837825894355774]
[0.37078654766082764]
[16.856229782104492]
[28.000246047973633]
[8.650803565979004]
[251.08189392089844]
[0.3886493742465973]
[0.9835696220397949]
[31.904958724975586]
[7.8096160888671875]
[0.9530065059661865]
[3.052838087081909]
[0.2488418072462082]
[30.95754623413086]
[1.836403489112854]
[5.651991367340088]
[10.798818588256836]
[1.3598135709762573]
[0.7332210540771484]
[1.3798398971557617]
[168.2349090576172]
[0.6330006718635559]
[3.6456964015960693]
[0.7500943541526794]
[12.427021026611328]
[0.9966276288032532]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.25896915793418884]
[0.9085677862167358]
[6.781336784362793]
[0.8358497023582458]
[12.259909629821777]
[1.1453052759170532]
[100.5191879272461]
[29.23113250732422]
[0.6137738227844238]
[4.4885125160217285]
[0.21612995862960815]
[0.36423224210739136]
[0.7153143286705017]
[0.9853169918060303]
[0.03593149781227112]
[1.725957989692688]
[7.724650859832764]
[0.44426000118255615]
[8.57352066040039]
[503.8087463378906]
[0.37380608916282654]
[74.89997863769531]
[394.7891540527344]
[3.6985785961151123]
[7.547362804412842]
[0.3007834255695343]
[3.2029666900634766]
[0.3616562783718109]
[11.583850860595703]
[42.34645080566406]
[6.480819225311279]
[13.705326080322266]
[0.5907124280929565]
[0.22110699117183685]
[33.63513946533203]
[370.165771484375]
[1.3868533372879028]
[0.8449733853340149]
[5.3537774085998535]
[8.364899635314941]
[7.950954437255859]
[0.9797800183296204]
[0.5712431073188782]
[73.5548324584961]
[4.264543533325195]
[17.055753707885742]
[3.1826629638671875]
[3.8988943099975586]
[3.7168374061584473]
[13.555469512939453]
[0.10313968360424042]
[24.235641479492188]
[0.8849223256111145]
[0.6337335705757141]
[0.2561590373516083]
[0.8985985517501831]
[0.5263999700546265]
[1.161675214767456]
[13.591828346252441]
[0.1220499724149704]
[4.901943206787109]
[0.31387799978256226]
[14.973184585571289]
[0.17875546216964722]
[362.020751953125]
[0.8072823286056519]
[1.3390175104141235]
[0.7611196041107178]
[0.252926230430603]
[7.306035995483398]
[3.660402536392212]
[0.455943763256073]
[0.9908791184425354]
[0.0336730033159256]
[0.21702441573143005]
[284.2676696777344]
[13.790844917297363]
[0.7089563608169556]
[7.980417251586914]
[0.6188364624977112]
[26.910600662231445]
[0.11320286989212036]
[25.642749786376953]
[0.8333104848861694]
[0.6539337635040283]
[71.94925689697266]
[0.23358963429927826]
[0.6467158794403076]
[70.62329864501953]
[11.411476135253906]
[0.3366526663303375]
[0.6619245409965515]
[6.1463775634765625]
[0.04518481716513634]
[0.3143029510974884]
[4.487768173217773]
[0.46802857518196106]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[84.8525619506836]
[13.802167892456055]
[0.7955259680747986]
[10.726445198059082]
[10.423836708068848]
[0.8085640668869019]
[2.528581380844116]
[0.7248911261558533]
[2.2149577140808105]
[20.6834716796875]
[2.435230255126953]
[0.3406464457511902]
[6.008979320526123]
[37.363651275634766]
[0.18371546268463135]
[3.630859375]
[7.47137451171875]
[0.8523273468017578]
[0.029244694858789444]
[1.1698349714279175]
[0.4023014307022095]
[0.8870700597763062]
[0.832273006439209]
[5.955471992492676]
[3.680837392807007]
[7394.771484375]
[0.7110355496406555]
[0.3457885980606079]
[1.3227896690368652]
[8.83896255493164]
[5.718575477600098]
[0.5277527570724487]
[6.851259708404541]
[12.882597923278809]
[5.047245025634766]
[0.382132351398468]
[0.04301697388291359]
[14.786887168884277]
[1.990401268005371]
[2.5177292823791504]
[1.045881986618042]
[0.1437079757452011]
[16.165870666503906]
[0.9491696357727051]
[11.644831657409668]
[261.2695617675781]
[0.44489338994026184]
[0.5426592230796814]
[11.643304824829102]
[8.909158706665039]
[11.427358627319336]
[3.584007501602173]
[4.866412162780762]
[0.8104544281959534]
[8.970775604248047]
[0.03246296942234039]
[1.1906201839447021]
[1.244585394859314]
[4.729404449462891]
[4.460097789764404]
[0.9690311551094055]
[0.3397011458873749]
[3.4988203048706055]
conversion error
[8.266687393188477]
[1.465307354927063]
[0.9157325625419617]
[4.640598773956299]
[1.6268630027770996]
[29.87596893310547]
[94.83320617675781]
[8.251392364501953]
[0.3343883752822876]
[6.916588306427002]
[124.14698028564453]
[0.2795499861240387]
[0.7209992408752441]
[6.500640392303467]
[2.3667712211608887]
[0.35783424973487854]
[6.838890552520752]
[0.1796814352273941]
[11.161018371582031]
[1.6679315567016602]
[0.5064071416854858]
[0.8464747071266174]
[0.19370949268341064]
[0.020678244531154633]
[0.8916423916816711]
[27.89181137084961]
[12.328376770019531]
[0.688713014125824]
[0.0416056290268898]
[0.35335680842399597]
[0.03996015340089798]
[55177.90625]
conversion error
conversion error
[8.571942329406738]
[0.46587124466896057]
[0.45239928364753723]
[10.930802345275879]
[131.53675842285156]
[18.272022247314453]
[34.11968994140625]
[412.9472351074219]
[0.3160649836063385]
[37.88579559326172]
[51.870643615722656]
[1.6342049837112427]
[22.487102508544922]
[11.578988075256348]
[8.320470809936523]
[307.7607421875]
[9.431400299072266]
[5.047449111938477]
[38.859886169433594]
[15.657257080078125]
[370.1758728027344]
[46.56572723388672]
[50.11314392089844]
[9675.2490234375]
[30.106525421142578]
[467.7864074707031]
[0.6241676211357117]
[83.97565460205078]
[97.25017547607422]
[68.46867370605469]
[84.17550659179688]
[2.177847146987915]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[31.78493881225586]
[3924.249267578125]
[0.3299804627895355]
[6.656599044799805]
[3.0415782928466797]
[4.907632827758789]
[188.58250427246094]
[80.96173095703125]
[1.5582760572433472]
[38.06295394897461]
[0.6908218264579773]
[5.100347995758057]
[2.0875494480133057]
[26.387409210205078]
[352.0115966796875]
[120.5887222290039]
[0.48014408349990845]
[23.16234588623047]
[85.47724914550781]
[39.46603012084961]
[49.69905090332031]
[211.65658569335938]
[92.27777099609375]
[15.800664901733398]
[1.1560699939727783]
[0.4198820888996124]
[3.6925623416900635]
[1.0804203748703003]
[75.36236572265625]
[1.343013882637024]
[27.99142837524414]
[0.06581780314445496]
conversion error
conversion error
[203.55499267578125]
[0.2164926379919052]
[46.59758758544922]
[21.225370407104492]
[13.376130104064941]
[8.609103202819824]
[97.93911743164062]
[3418.786865234375]
[2.8326425552368164]
[524.3054809570312]
[7.452133655548096]
[0.8222653865814209]
[0.38330161571502686]
[32.01384353637695]
[33.8722038269043]
[29.147266387939453]
[180.02352905273438]
[24233.9453125]
[52.4385986328125]
[24.69336700439453]
[18.241222381591797]
[1.1576060056686401]
[366.5879211425781]
[22.12143325805664]
[234.96595764160156]
[2.8585596084594727]
[29.307466506958008]
[0.6527334451675415]
[48.323753356933594]
[189.03140258789062]
[0.6586894989013672]
[86.77360534667969]
conversion error
conversion error
[25.863309860229492]
[18.019723892211914]
[0.07442542165517807]
[0.2620685398578644]
[8.250112533569336]
[180.79791259765625]
[10.204874038696289]
[25.3944034576416]
[7.47607421875]
[0.6848548650741577]
[1.2611254453659058]
[20.415756225585938]
[4.839868068695068]
[42.9083251953125]
[5.658070087432861]
[0.38404950499534607]
[13.3261079788208]
[191.4832000732422]
[8.486971855163574]
[2.962191581726074]
[0.05642051249742508]
[13490.822265625]
[2.7000136375427246]
[9.444403648376465]
[24.042308807373047]
[0.5513132214546204]
[11.750576972961426]
[53.79373550415039]
[9.31869888305664]
[146.3651885986328]
[0.48310717940330505]
[11.745246887207031]
conversion error
conversion error
[10.559737205505371]
[0.190167635679245]
[0.6259928941726685]
[2977.125244140625]
[0.627953290939331]
[0.23552225530147552]
[119.50655364990234]
[0.042228590697050095]
[21.0621395111084]
[10.627876281738281]
[7.949625015258789]
[132.8645477294922]
[1.0210318565368652]
[38.85075378417969]
[9.964849472045898]
[0.25081300735473633]
[24.515220642089844]
[177.64398193359375]
[0.33754271268844604]
[92.6834487915039]
[3.862144708633423]
[0.04502655938267708]
[0.5273387432098389]
[2.677736282348633]
[0.19006434082984924]
[25.974550247192383]
[451.5566101074219]
[0.7468498945236206]
[6.351688385009766]
[0.0446716770529747]
[38.3321533203125]
[8.416125297546387]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.38995200395584106]
[19.950925827026367]
[0.45314323902130127]
[10.056976318359375]
[13.66894817352295]
[0.3318936824798584]
[0.37729939818382263]
[15.062477111816406]
[16.03911590576172]
[1.6950867176055908]
[1.000644564628601]
[9.10770320892334]
[0.22757488489151]
[0.486331582069397]
[0.447035014629364]
[458.7872619628906]
[0.04305640608072281]
[0.9175838232040405]
[0.44254550337791443]
[0.4518981873989105]
[1.8107752799987793]
[1.9741746187210083]
[37.158634185791016]
[1.7486099004745483]
[1.716334342956543]
[3.2920970916748047]
[30.895288467407227]
[0.2917807996273041]
[78.66261291503906]
[12.744231224060059]
[663.3759155273438]
[6.318596363067627]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.0579047203063965]
[4.283174991607666]
[0.44325125217437744]
[14.882049560546875]
[9.709227561950684]
[74.6100082397461]
[6232.853515625]
[91.99626922607422]
[6.583796501159668]
[1.58856201171875]
[117.45869445800781]
[43.368282318115234]
[30.00112533569336]
[14.674890518188477]
[0.9355296492576599]
[9.660619735717773]
[2.2394464015960693]
[0.5684705972671509]
[2.328864812850952]
[0.31874436140060425]
[0.4092688262462616]
[0.3529229760169983]
[1.322209119796753]
[0.6093411445617676]
[0.030357463285326958]
[0.17447353899478912]
[0.751922607421875]
[300.8330078125]
[11.400128364562988]
[7.224148750305176]
[1.2907322645187378]
[53.77786636352539]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.42228004336357117]
[7.88320779800415]
[0.7566065788269043]
[0.9744415879249573]
[2.2591590881347656]
[0.5136224031448364]
[4.646506309509277]
[6.336595058441162]
[8.171418190002441]
[1.8385303020477295]
[3.2432570457458496]
[1.4565882682800293]
[1.571182131767273]
[0.5623800158500671]
[0.7374082207679749]
[0.3472013473510742]
[1.307020664215088]
[0.9144928455352783]
[24.11925506591797]
[0.4151823818683624]
[8.841133117675781]
[1.2970757484436035]
[36.76145553588867]
[1.0405930280685425]
[629.413330078125]
[50.17060089111328]
[24.427316665649414]
[0.5146858096122742]
[2.0723824501037598]
[10.144186973571777]
[7.167659759521484]
[0.7268509864807129]
[6.6011881828308105]
[0.9162922501564026]
[1.7509827613830566]
[0.9349798560142517]
[0.3103180229663849]
[3.644779920578003]
[0.8635509610176086]
[0.02488275058567524]
[0.9502215385437012]
[0.3452354073524475]
[4.783660888671875]
[29.216938018798828]
[0.08689482510089874]
[0.3756597936153412]
[1.2862571477890015]
[1.868289589881897]
[1.3286099433898926]
[45.86970520019531]
[143.12094116210938]
[0.6914629340171814]
[2.6473584175109863]
[35.589263916015625]
[915.9718017578125]
[0.7202587127685547]
[0.9341467022895813]
[0.20941227674484253]
[47.280006408691406]
[27.955711364746094]
[2.2676830291748047]
[34.523555755615234]
[0.48044276237487793]
[7.523128032684326]
[0.7053036689758301]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1300.6793212890625]
[2.0639150142669678]
[35.441429138183594]
[202.12564086914062]
[0.7069077491760254]
[0.22770532965660095]
[317.6938781738281]
[18.798946380615234]
[14.486393928527832]
[165.0915985107422]
[0.4988667368888855]
[1.7534047365188599]
[0.27038848400115967]
[21.67636489868164]
[0.17828227579593658]
[0.6111887693405151]
[0.028022315353155136]
[1.6452817916870117]
[0.6965622901916504]
[1.4494731426239014]
[242.6259002685547]
[0.6102903485298157]
[545.097900390625]
[0.6597082614898682]
[0.6587309241294861]
[259.8211975097656]
[0.5953459739685059]
[8.590141296386719]
[0.8487881422042847]
[0.6472464799880981]
[3.120596408843994]
[0.46216142177581787]
[30.275070190429688]
[0.6206834316253662]
[9.898802757263184]
[31.214109420776367]
[19.521053314208984]
[0.23997142910957336]
[0.5279482007026672]
[8.353078842163086]
[0.17284078896045685]
[0.954237699508667]
[8.43337631225586]
[0.5956698060035706]
[6.196282863616943]
[0.1728421002626419]
[1.5980241298675537]
[28.839555740356445]
[1.496632695198059]
[2.49239444732666]
[91.1005630493164]
[2686.62646484375]
[504.25994873046875]
[14.204009056091309]
[6.144339084625244]
[0.4352533221244812]
[0.4748190641403198]
[81.7938232421875]
[64.7609634399414]
[1.0204460620880127]
[7.48410701751709]
[1.104359745979309]
[9.091411590576172]
[0.3970921039581299]
[10.501220703125]
[0.34478870034217834]
[1.1842536926269531]
[3.111497163772583]
[1.160568356513977]
[262.43231201171875]
[7.298097133636475]
[74.03584289550781]
[8.242291450500488]
[3.264712333679199]
[0.7331458926200867]
[0.3413775563240051]
[118.06066131591797]
[0.9293214678764343]
[0.9112371206283569]
[8.810209274291992]
[0.48303309082984924]
[3.6622040271759033]
[94.78340148925781]
[0.5302190184593201]
[2.7290594577789307]
[117.76729583740234]
[0.41754141449928284]
[0.7761916518211365]
[7.074836254119873]
[7.938061714172363]
[0.4204320013523102]
[0.34287551045417786]
[104.22445678710938]
[88.5401840209961]
[5.636062145233154]
[2.0079684257507324]
[0.9015238881111145]
[2.1935393810272217]
[69.53902435302734]
[1.299861192703247]
[0.06252135336399078]
[12.226837158203125]
[0.6782265305519104]
[0.9705737233161926]
[8.215542793273926]
[1.4926948547363281]
[2.118638038635254]
[0.12771467864513397]
[43.417755126953125]
[0.34119102358818054]
[0.38056716322898865]
[8.064942359924316]
[7.761203765869141]
[0.1462065428495407]
[2.26522159576416]
[5.351834774017334]
[94.29107666015625]
[0.17709511518478394]
[3.7386598587036133]
[0.6415612697601318]
[0.3416949510574341]
[0.34920239448547363]
[27.50442123413086]
[9.181506156921387]
[0.43239977955818176]
[0.31758594512939453]
[0.720671534538269]
[1407.8167724609375]
[2.037317991256714]
[77.57051086425781]
[0.5639930963516235]
[2.677401542663574]
[0.32972633838653564]
[8.676823616027832]
[0.37253883481025696]
[0.3680426776409149]
[4.337968826293945]
[0.994229257106781]
[37.28266906738281]
[45.3878059387207]
[447.7725830078125]
[0.05361245945096016]
[356.15704345703125]
[26.313209533691406]
[0.0647425428032875]
[3.159353733062744]
[7.978789806365967]
[0.8880047798156738]
[264.9034118652344]
[0.3178025186061859]
[90.39407348632812]
[3.1089465618133545]
[0.1781303584575653]
[8.455840110778809]
[0.07552030682563782]
[229.7708740234375]
[94.53511810302734]
[12.240450859069824]
[0.6024616360664368]
[0.033120397478342056]
[223.90061950683594]
[4.845279216766357]
[1.7679959535598755]
[130.369384765625]
[6.908422470092773]
[20.572084426879883]
[1.5454275608062744]
[3.6145174503326416]
[11.643476486206055]
[1.2073845863342285]
[1.5753757953643799]
[88.57830047607422]
[1.5227009057998657]
[42.42039489746094]
[5.152449131011963]
[6.5250115394592285]
[19.642789840698242]
[0.5582529306411743]
[0.028094975277781487]
[0.4676625728607178]
[4.685429096221924]
[2.076463222503662]
[6.339516639709473]
[0.6791559457778931]
[11.193840026855469]
[906.5687255859375]
[2.9105172157287598]
[1.0049444437026978]
[23.336868286132812]
[1.6324331760406494]
[8.119246482849121]
[58.03926086425781]
[8.272088050842285]
[0.33801373839378357]
[0.34829947352409363]
[14.7285795211792]
[0.33463823795318604]
[0.5547062158584595]
[0.9643969535827637]
[0.3347572684288025]
[0.3401137888431549]
[0.05574830621480942]
[0.993914783000946]
[1.208847999572754]
[4.0855712890625]
[0.8724761009216309]
[0.28526434302330017]
[0.8544381856918335]
[11.312926292419434]
[0.3941260576248169]
[116.46881103515625]
[8.037660598754883]
[0.045512210577726364]
[3.4108667373657227]
[7.903585910797119]
[0.4231947958469391]
[0.347792387008667]
[0.5887071490287781]
[3.1468591690063477]
[2.1139097213745117]
[1.1828436851501465]
[0.7651669979095459]
[0.824574887752533]
[0.8798558115959167]
[4.3457489013671875]
[0.030073367059230804]
[3.294844150543213]
[2.195085048675537]
[4.200738906860352]
[1.5919098854064941]
[120.3360824584961]
[155.10531616210938]
[4.956998348236084]
[0.9755238890647888]
[5.993625640869141]
[0.43745583295822144]
[4.4298481941223145]
[11.350320816040039]
[36.36719512939453]
[7.668627738952637]
[10.097169876098633]
[6534.6611328125]
[2.4538636207580566]
[0.3731277585029602]
[0.3763774633407593]
[1.983160138130188]
[1.1019858121871948]
[29.87985610961914]
[3.631192684173584]
[0.4528319537639618]
[3.0282137393951416]
[110.0191421508789]
[0.8876137733459473]
[4.277732849121094]
[5.640948295593262]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[2.300776720046997]
[0.8079285621643066]
[1.252719759941101]
[1.1895140409469604]
[29.282062530517578]
[11.072147369384766]
[1.051266074180603]
[3.6884121894836426]
[22.72003936767578]
[1.2487038373947144]
[81.9062728881836]
[9.025447845458984]
[5.4014410972595215]
[32.168277740478516]
[60.7296142578125]
[2.8669095039367676]
[1.4867074489593506]
[2.1525022983551025]
[259.09710693359375]
[2.4638919830322266]
[4101.142578125]
[3.212968349456787]
[1.1362535953521729]
[0.49385011196136475]
[6.037927627563477]
[10.365009307861328]
[10.63538932800293]
[27.994558334350586]
[8.091012001037598]
[0.17280487716197968]
[82.36247253417969]
[9.950284004211426]
conversion error
conversion error
[7.998410701751709]
[1.2942184209823608]
[3894.348388671875]
[287.9068603515625]
[14.000545501708984]
[1.180283546447754]
[0.25120577216148376]
[6.35354471206665]
[9.178516387939453]
[0.981917142868042]
[7.139761447906494]
[1273.9744873046875]
[86.00509643554688]
[0.9844570159912109]
[8.697412490844727]
[508.0124206542969]
[5.0106377601623535]
[4.305408954620361]
[0.12147343903779984]
[0.46207207441329956]
[38.94306564331055]
[4.207829475402832]
[96.66317749023438]
[0.14187556505203247]
[65.2863540649414]
[0.5588123202323914]
[11.351825714111328]
[5.812292575836182]
[5.876545429229736]
[27.197542190551758]
[77.1884536743164]
[1.0912606716156006]
conversion error
conversion error
[33.7641716003418]
[2.760115385055542]
[11.428247451782227]
[4.981954574584961]
[0.3769519031047821]
[1.5628300905227661]
[0.9389051795005798]
[0.34128960967063904]
[15.715806007385254]
[128.50674438476562]
[393.1757507324219]
[0.3291573226451874]
[8.734679222106934]
[15.042110443115234]
[1.240452527999878]
[5.657005786895752]
[16.434432983398438]
[5.153865814208984]
[1.852125883102417]
[0.4963662624359131]
[5.620092391967773]
[1643.9326171875]
[11.375349998474121]
[0.32515788078308105]
[13.768050193786621]
[8.262166976928711]
[7.658516883850098]
[34.64845275878906]
[2.0573372840881348]
[27.59380340576172]
[87.06927490234375]
[0.7947214245796204]
conversion error
conversion error
[3.758127212524414]
[0.3252219259738922]
[0.760491132736206]
[0.5096215605735779]
[0.3014894723892212]
[1.3550207614898682]
[8.165321350097656]
[0.8099717497825623]
[8.240004539489746]
[3.6131980419158936]
[8.229455947875977]
[3.134079933166504]
[3.5234079360961914]
[0.047362927347421646]
[0.035319771617650986]
[6.191145420074463]
[0.9275894165039062]
[0.4548773169517517]
[0.04036387428641319]
[90.11275482177734]
[0.5125952363014221]
[113.87214660644531]
[2.440678834915161]
[1.1434853076934814]
[0.04548793286085129]
[14.213740348815918]
[0.5725573897361755]
[0.280768483877182]
[0.8316724896430969]
[6.6017255783081055]
[0.6014853715896606]
[0.046970780938863754]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.6957403421401978]
[9.846294403076172]
[0.4037361443042755]
[3.6881136894226074]
[131.3878631591797]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.4010462462902069]
[0.16855892539024353]
[0.36144253611564636]
[254.22398376464844]
[382.6863708496094]
[0.288001149892807]
[0.6826081275939941]
[0.457584947347641]
[0.9611437320709229]
[1.1044130325317383]
[13.193464279174805]
[0.28721553087234497]
[1.6223276853561401]
[0.40256649255752563]
[6.2046308517456055]
[0.3148074746131897]
[0.05113999918103218]
[134.9326934814453]
[0.8888112902641296]
[7.9281392097473145]
[7.141322612762451]
[0.37446171045303345]
[5.3096208572387695]
[1.1788356304168701]
[18.812164306640625]
[0.7909679412841797]
[0.5059072375297546]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.04438885301351547]
[1.5154168605804443]
[1.7747206687927246]
[5.237819194793701]
[1.1589443683624268]
[3.6350772380828857]
[186.85491943359375]
[1.5754003524780273]
[0.24183164536952972]
[48.0703125]
[3.5610342025756836]
[1.605924367904663]
[0.04374722018837929]
[207.4490203857422]
[34.91306686401367]
[0.8763291239738464]
[2.2761545181274414]
[0.03315959870815277]
[71.79586791992188]
[1.8937824964523315]
[1.5712052583694458]
[1.2753475904464722]
[1.0412317514419556]
[215.3847198486328]
[0.04513878375291824]
[0.3225843906402588]
[34.90459060668945]
[15.552977561950684]
[982.226318359375]
[1.4087759256362915]
[0.6711509823799133]
[0.49329134821891785]
conversion error
conversion error
[7.089470386505127]
[21.723426818847656]
[6.9733476638793945]
[4.986214637756348]
[1.3773999214172363]
[3.3391268253326416]
[1.836910605430603]
[9.133581161499023]
[1.1000862121582031]
[3.7012908458709717]
[76.58998107910156]
[0.3493120074272156]
[53.707176208496094]
[5.100977897644043]
[2.593278408050537]
[1.0890438556671143]
[9.667404174804688]
[7.402510166168213]
[1.0302048921585083]
[6.503299713134766]
[15.254524230957031]
[35.90038299560547]
[0.3189942538738251]
[3.2604219913482666]
[4.543600559234619]
[7.818751335144043]
[2.4372177124023438]
[0.815593957901001]
[0.23899193108081818]
[7.075399398803711]
[0.2464752346277237]
[13.970977783203125]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.1797354221343994]
[224.07339477539062]
[0.2882387638092041]
[0.8216758966445923]
[0.6730058789253235]
[27.39801025390625]
[0.5558724403381348]
[1.3945221900939941]
[0.5715347528457642]
[1.4750607013702393]
[0.07409996539354324]
[3716.916015625]
[0.29157721996307373]
[0.27305838465690613]
[0.018423588946461678]
[1.6531215906143188]
[2.7192044258117676]
[5.998019218444824]
[0.880089282989502]
[4.795482158660889]
[0.39489707350730896]
[7.3759541511535645]
[0.7608059644699097]
[3.0284018516540527]
[7.502957344055176]
[0.5033935308456421]
[4.2374162673950195]
[28.214933395385742]
[0.9401092529296875]
[0.9073547124862671]
[0.9042786955833435]
[2.453244686126709]
conversion error
conversion error
[2.7890231609344482]
[3.3579294681549072]
[10.491857528686523]
[6.207278251647949]
[20.432727813720703]
[15.3165864944458]
[0.654619574546814]
[26.598434448242188]
[27.14472198486328]
[7.488415718078613]
[0.5344659686088562]
[0.03683625906705856]
[0.762561559677124]
[1.2664216756820679]
[0.7749263048171997]
[4.605660438537598]
[1068.7305908203125]
[0.34832024574279785]
[46.30058288574219]
[85.3283920288086]
[0.11226591467857361]
[3.1423897743225098]
[7.501373291015625]
[0.2357018142938614]
[0.04135143384337425]
[0.8943685293197632]
[0.871254026889801]
[10.47724723815918]
[50.72600173950195]
[0.4932674169540405]
[3.7553904056549072]
[8.518815040588379]
conversion error
conversion error
[43.450374603271484]
[0.2760045826435089]
[1.7872673273086548]
[0.1626540571451187]
[2.0495026111602783]
[91.88859558105469]
[0.3003019094467163]
[0.20047582685947418]
[4.359543323516846]
[115.19513702392578]
[7.431479454040527]
[0.23567134141921997]
[0.22760991752147675]
[0.22977861762046814]
[0.3340763449668884]
[1.2066501379013062]
[0.2721552550792694]
[7.422666072845459]
[6.5346879959106445]
[0.6127160787582397]
[0.7918589115142822]
[4.073513984680176]
[2.3875701427459717]
[42.196346282958984]
[1.523525595664978]
[0.32475170493125916]
[0.5624673962593079]
[234.64662170410156]
[65.6772232055664]
[0.11839164793491364]
[18.33281707763672]
[0.29098671674728394]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.03729383647441864]
[0.16980619728565216]
[0.03773766756057739]
[1.3260562419891357]
[0.8268833756446838]
[1.626659870147705]
[88.62715911865234]
[0.8303086161613464]
[351.429931640625]
[1.1053749322891235]
[0.9062774181365967]
[0.513696551322937]
[0.31898951530456543]
[0.3113187551498413]
[7.014901161193848]
[85.50756072998047]
[0.2566899359226227]
[8.26403522491455]
[13.048534393310547]
[7.524195671081543]
[0.07485593855381012]
[1.5016998052597046]
[7.3852858543396]
[0.2886706292629242]
[2.333268642425537]
[7.4404168128967285]
[4873.20361328125]
[66.63440704345703]
[0.0742967277765274]
[0.47195515036582947]
[0.8903138637542725]
[1.1936179399490356]
conversion error
conversion error
[4.195798397064209]
[0.8277840614318848]
[0.2884160876274109]
[4.231994152069092]
[215.4769287109375]
[0.3703562021255493]
[0.0742088332772255]
[7.4597086906433105]
[0.1689056158065796]
[0.5729240775108337]
[43.777381896972656]
[0.40520018339157104]
[24.74799346923828]
[0.2764424979686737]
[0.7655256390571594]
[2.7888121604919434]
[70.1397933959961]
[175.22384643554688]
[0.4638684093952179]
[7.5964155197143555]
[9.071039199829102]
[1.756303310394287]
[7.588520526885986]
[11.841697692871094]
[14.541609764099121]
[2.6047208309173584]
[0.39936381578445435]
[0.32796093821525574]
[0.22782620787620544]
[2.9188647270202637]
[20.828493118286133]
[0.3599317967891693]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.408911943435669]
[0.19717085361480713]
[0.22521552443504333]
[1.6986006498336792]
[0.29040080308914185]
[1.5987204313278198]
[2.0601694583892822]
[79.16869354248047]
[0.0856873095035553]
[1.3443952798843384]
[0.2239832729101181]
[2.1529288291931152]
[8.490099906921387]
[0.1689547598361969]
[0.3548155725002289]
[0.8944200277328491]
[7.893510818481445]
[0.1606644243001938]
[7.3519697189331055]
[0.1675182729959488]
[86.08988952636719]
[0.16021260619163513]
[1.691441297531128]
[13.190103530883789]
[6.144526958465576]
[2.8723556995391846]
[85.8963851928711]
[0.4767022430896759]
[384.5240173339844]
[2.8072211742401123]
[34.951446533203125]
[106.5036849975586]
[0.3635444641113281]
[8.627772331237793]
[0.18358828127384186]
[5.3639068603515625]
[2.5235090255737305]
[373.7577209472656]
[2.837930917739868]
[4.114798069000244]
[7.03398323059082]
[0.8923362493515015]
[0.9737340807914734]
[0.22807252407073975]
[0.44026023149490356]
[0.22630679607391357]
[1.1262094974517822]
[7.217527389526367]
[22.164819717407227]
[16.128707885742188]
[2.7514753341674805]
[1.7365890741348267]
[2.597770929336548]
[0.027917277067899704]
[0.8378633856773376]
[19.564741134643555]
[64.82662963867188]
[0.5925934314727783]
[11.027355194091797]
[27.981067657470703]
[0.8338291645050049]
[16.565166473388672]
[0.8815037608146667]
[0.24744707345962524]
[31.368391036987305]
[84.9481430053711]
[32.38698196411133]
[13.015344619750977]
[1.4217737913131714]
[1.3573917150497437]
[1.255280613899231]
[4.883815765380859]
[3.9354758262634277]
[0.21220119297504425]
[1.268519401550293]
[1.9671844244003296]
[71.4620590209961]
[0.027280492708086967]
[3.074984073638916]
[0.5789502859115601]
[2.9634439945220947]
[33.172454833984375]
[0.01628524623811245]
[7.413479804992676]
[0.0166355911642313]
[0.6724948287010193]
[25.027944564819336]
[84.58795928955078]
[2.0006589889526367]
[7.350380897521973]
[185.5518035888672]
[0.6944847702980042]
[0.26933643221855164]
[3.897446393966675]
[4.906139850616455]
[0.527696967124939]
[1.7336838245391846]
[0.47209540009498596]
[77.67254638671875]
[0.4455651044845581]
[54.9067497253418]
[2.6349704265594482]
[0.7893770337104797]
[0.1139451339840889]
[179.28457641601562]
[17.638093948364258]
[0.2780565023422241]
[0.35424479842185974]
[0.226767897605896]
[1.7886940240859985]
[0.7950840592384338]
[7.372369766235352]
[24.236249923706055]
[0.5617219805717468]
[1.916520595550537]
[0.15358637273311615]
[0.07152784615755081]
[0.88592529296875]
[0.05146787315607071]
[4.090864181518555]
[0.28083139657974243]
[18.212574005126953]
[0.6426738500595093]
[0.31960487365722656]
[0.14399677515029907]
[0.9379523992538452]
[1.0928735733032227]
[0.4898817837238312]
[0.2812706232070923]
[4.899532318115234]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.19783276319503784]
[1.2573182582855225]
[15.353346824645996]
[7.229748725891113]
[8.595800399780273]
[8.433231353759766]
[7.563910484313965]
[0.3221101462841034]
[67.03617095947266]
[0.20530273020267487]
[69.72561645507812]
[20.430797576904297]
[7.320955753326416]
[0.05575023591518402]
[0.5795641541481018]
[0.3201221525669098]
[0.5250654816627502]
[0.32495325803756714]
[83.87336730957031]
[11.099089622497559]
[2.3388588428497314]
[0.16833746433258057]
[0.19127674400806427]
[83.76551055908203]
[0.16519029438495636]
[0.24894823133945465]
[0.8233150243759155]
[0.22217482328414917]
[42.05353546142578]
[0.3524848222732544]
[40.43201446533203]
[0.16644081473350525]
[0.2484178990125656]
[1.9197856187820435]
[0.168403759598732]
[0.2113204151391983]
[0.03983999416232109]
[0.19920510053634644]
[12.538464546203613]
[0.1735185831785202]
[0.6618877649307251]
[1.117145299911499]
[7.360248565673828]
[0.3284870982170105]
[1.308179497718811]
[90.68824005126953]
[2.4512979984283447]
[85.68045043945312]
[0.24443304538726807]
[24.42171859741211]
[6.780797004699707]
[14.11056137084961]
[0.13169167935848236]
[35.31768798828125]
[7.5147175788879395]
[6.78147029876709]
[66.02595520019531]
[0.3134831190109253]
[0.7823184728622437]
[0.02831697277724743]
[0.16696050763130188]
[8.513413429260254]
[7.198361396789551]
[18.043367385864258]
[5.858942031860352]
[0.32294026017189026]
[13.17190170288086]
[0.35904908180236816]
[0.038294583559036255]
[0.28418368101119995]
[6.544924259185791]
[14.609386444091797]
[0.21587730944156647]
[0.3157854378223419]
[0.03095604106783867]
[184.3674774169922]
[0.26988065242767334]
[1.8819736242294312]
[1.8558708429336548]
[2.6407554149627686]
[0.41990402340888977]
[0.9246314764022827]
[12.876136779785156]
[1.5873749256134033]
[3105.589111328125]
[25.192909240722656]
[0.16642753779888153]
[13.506303787231445]
[10.523260116577148]
[2.9583253860473633]
[0.48283278942108154]
[103.04560852050781]
[6.297717094421387]
[1.1190955638885498]
[2.8699185848236084]
[0.8514432311058044]
[0.29235219955444336]
[2.9885494709014893]
[1.725832462310791]
[0.5355635285377502]
[6.553734302520752]
[3.038649082183838]
[7.140267372131348]
[0.5378144979476929]
[0.2121339589357376]
[4.523249626159668]
[7.356005668640137]
[12.560066223144531]
[3.3671271800994873]
[27.717239379882812]
[7.413171768188477]
[8.393799781799316]
[33.15864562988281]
[0.6908791065216064]
[2.955237627029419]
[7.093510150909424]
[3.0511953830718994]
[0.6082322001457214]
[14.858004570007324]
[0.03370233625173569]
[0.4697771370410919]
[1.4144501686096191]
[1.7534518241882324]
[5.5601959228515625]
[7.189531326293945]
[0.5319367051124573]
[0.27041423320770264]
[0.8270624279975891]
[1.2252311706542969]
[0.6226016283035278]
[6.253633499145508]
[3.7622311115264893]
[22.543106079101562]
[0.15051981806755066]
[27.180299758911133]
[104.63319396972656]
[81.75163269042969]
[5.895574569702148]
[0.028669580817222595]
[252.6130828857422]
[0.1751149743795395]
[3.9472908973693848]
[12.40205192565918]
[0.5538122653961182]
[7.0786566734313965]
[1.7501617670059204]
[182.08140563964844]
[9.443658828735352]
[0.19445683062076569]
[0.27754127979278564]
[0.20002087950706482]
[6.7260026931762695]
[51.864479064941406]
[0.8466225266456604]
[31.2994384765625]
[9.32918930053711]
[1058.62158203125]
[1.6516714096069336]
[527.2269287109375]
[0.4147518575191498]
[6.60418701171875]
[29.297330856323242]
[0.5419571399688721]
[0.022548733279109]
[2.087311029434204]
[21.39361000061035]
[0.047731734812259674]
[0.02647927775979042]
[1.008900761604309]
[0.17949847877025604]
[2.881087303161621]
[5.580997943878174]
[33.42314910888672]
[0.14968211948871613]
[4.229060173034668]
[3.344069719314575]
[0.25923722982406616]
[7.783573150634766]
[0.9723393321037292]
[3.1138033866882324]
[0.2770177125930786]
[2.8215575218200684]
[1.8089380264282227]
[1.1082100868225098]
[0.503741443157196]
[0.7493999600410461]
[0.030943216755986214]
[14.256629943847656]
[1.7362871170043945]
[0.6011883616447449]
[0.5173183679580688]
[0.018156245350837708]
[2.298572540283203]
[45.58369445800781]
[502.3467712402344]
[0.17980603873729706]
[0.2537209391593933]
[1.7938803434371948]
[0.16220316290855408]
[0.5219398736953735]
[3.9328508377075195]
[0.5140558481216431]
[17.167461395263672]
[0.47006747126579285]
[0.3332783877849579]
[26.458938598632812]
[0.8606273531913757]
[5.2790446281433105]
[0.1612911969423294]
[0.8055369853973389]
[0.9144826531410217]
[2.6465485095977783]
[2.6602694988250732]
[47.36532211303711]
[3.0908336639404297]
[1.2586803436279297]
[6.3576226234436035]
[15.727164268493652]
[0.5242576003074646]
[1.3373069763183594]
[10.531027793884277]
[0.8093400597572327]
[0.4625604748725891]
[8.038719177246094]
[0.0801849290728569]
[0.4461495876312256]
[7.204565048217773]
[0.14372877776622772]
[2.349775791168213]
[14.232219696044922]
[0.8857795000076294]
[1.4844459295272827]
[0.20557691156864166]
[0.5196428894996643]
[46.34521484375]
[0.5014304518699646]
[0.028215033933520317]
[0.03355860337615013]
[53.63687515258789]
[3.8282015323638916]
[0.022734683007001877]
[0.8594734072685242]
[0.1637621521949768]
[10.079388618469238]
[2.1756980419158936]
[1.5103576183319092]
[0.5033472776412964]
[0.7926914691925049]
[0.9776865243911743]
[10.70389175415039]
[0.34948456287384033]
[7.504314422607422]
[16.318761825561523]
[51.34379577636719]
conversion error
[4.910573959350586]
[1.2044339179992676]
[13.316428184509277]
[1.2979830503463745]
[0.801922082901001]
[0.718479335308075]
[2.663663387298584]
[2.0173685550689697]
[0.1756926029920578]
[0.2382267564535141]
[258.3537292480469]
[0.22004634141921997]
[0.44118940830230713]
[0.935975193977356]
[0.19090530276298523]
[2.6735498905181885]
[0.1713186800479889]
[2.3608343601226807]
[3.016922950744629]
[5.5525970458984375]
[0.18024654686450958]
[0.15362045168876648]
[4.7047247886657715]
[0.8064838647842407]
[2.560389518737793]
[0.1836506426334381]
[0.2952592968940735]
[0.32353293895721436]
[0.14053459465503693]
[1.4327644109725952]
[5.341223239898682]
[1.7221544981002808]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.5864494442939758]
[0.6832141280174255]
[0.23113420605659485]
[0.2422022670507431]
[0.4485146403312683]
[0.28414997458457947]
[6.9740986824035645]
[381.7774353027344]
[13.253997802734375]
[7.032279014587402]
[2.61442494392395]
[0.6240334510803223]
[47.88484191894531]
[2.2515759468078613]
[116.030029296875]
[3.709552049636841]
[4.638816833496094]
[0.21437159180641174]
[6.919712066650391]
[4.610140800476074]
[0.46029457449913025]
[0.20788413286209106]
[0.20247724652290344]
[0.1396460384130478]
[0.19853277504444122]
[4.435136318206787]
[0.8208838701248169]
[0.3248450458049774]
[0.18605512380599976]
[0.182277113199234]
[0.16188392043113708]
[0.5145670771598816]
conversion error
conversion error
[7.223814487457275]
[0.4245867133140564]
[0.7722598910331726]
[2.520427703857422]
[7.064806938171387]
[77.1054916381836]
[0.1835871934890747]
[2.356536626815796]
[7.045000076293945]
[5.52530574798584]
[1.1985692977905273]
[0.3240622282028198]
[0.9313646554946899]
[0.860837996006012]
[0.23610538244247437]
[0.2527020275592804]
[0.4262081980705261]
[3.0932891368865967]
[12.101353645324707]
[0.14328542351722717]
[1.1001111268997192]
[0.2695767879486084]
[0.2680380940437317]
[0.6266245245933533]
[0.1767858862876892]
[7.852639198303223]
[2.4520387649536133]
[0.13240131735801697]
[0.32365521788597107]
[222.07931518554688]
[3.754201650619507]
[0.24089035391807556]
conversion error
conversion error
[6.227949142456055]
[52.40412521362305]
[0.19389766454696655]
[0.13800014555454254]
[0.48272088170051575]
[0.3692447543144226]
[6.979764461517334]
[13.224343299865723]
[25.36471939086914]
[0.1303682178258896]
[6.8325018882751465]
[8.138143539428711]
[0.12820452451705933]
[0.15431077778339386]
[12.5006103515625]
[7.1839070320129395]
[0.010602102614939213]
[4.621124744415283]
[3.5452163219451904]
[4.575864315032959]
[6.444616317749023]
[0.3453011214733124]
[1.3109936714172363]
[1.8374172449111938]
[0.5446414351463318]
[0.2458474189043045]
[0.13766680657863617]
[0.13642844557762146]
[6.7554931640625]
[1.8445512056350708]
[64.29389953613281]
[0.6814296841621399]
conversion error
conversion error
[7.123730659484863]
[85.7634048461914]
[2.9708480834960938]
[1.463687777519226]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[13.297110557556152]
[0.12358252704143524]
[1.822219967842102]
[0.35800623893737793]
[0.023357946425676346]
[0.23294298350811005]
[0.23696281015872955]
[176.0762176513672]
[0.27529188990592957]
[31.990991592407227]
[0.24145454168319702]
[6.747380256652832]
[0.13732628524303436]
[0.010599528439342976]
[2.2672181129455566]
[0.7636400461196899]
[0.1744174361228943]
[1.3913273811340332]
[1.6221874952316284]
[7.786429405212402]
[0.16045531630516052]
[4.292566299438477]
[0.5994774103164673]
[1.8006782531738281]
[0.7556673288345337]
[0.4602194130420685]
[4284.9921875]
[0.7968655228614807]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.657045304775238]
[0.7595356702804565]
[0.13194461166858673]
[0.5007637143135071]
[4.371952533721924]
[0.26023969054222107]
[0.775094747543335]
[6.370423793792725]
[0.14918336272239685]
[0.40685713291168213]
[4.372056007385254]
[96.92988586425781]
[1.0319850444793701]
[0.25512179732322693]
[4.7335333824157715]
[0.33712008595466614]
[1.0333929061889648]
[4.6187214851379395]
[10.691451072692871]
[0.09050111472606659]
[361.0182800292969]
[28.615259170532227]
[4.48539400100708]
[0.1339692771434784]
[1.309935450553894]
[0.5292215943336487]
[5.207562446594238]
[0.1627189815044403]
[2.5909664630889893]
[2939.336669921875]
[1.3322644233703613]
[1.4650324583053589]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.3157398998737335]
[0.31642019748687744]
[15.231240272521973]
[20.2217960357666]
[395.8275146484375]
[0.2759277820587158]
[71.34219360351562]
[0.1806078404188156]
[33560.4140625]
[63362.9453125]
[0.21798160672187805]
[0.3552710711956024]
[0.21309895813465118]
[0.34747740626335144]
[98.42416381835938]
[50.6956901550293]
[15.149138450622559]
[44.6792106628418]
[19.125497817993164]
[42.698974609375]
[20.109712600708008]
[1.772681713104248]
[1.2910031080245972]
[64.80180358886719]
[141.4770965576172]
[1956.8817138671875]
[26.73096466064453]
[60.154144287109375]
[180.4618682861328]
[393.3994445800781]
[1849.9677734375]
[141.10447692871094]
conversion error
conversion error
[768.5758666992188]
[30.929363250732422]
[0.15082162618637085]
[29.867393493652344]
[22.59591293334961]
[39.06792068481445]
[22.55634307861328]
[0.37388020753860474]
[18.16400909423828]
[67.33504486083984]
[0.61636883020401]
[0.11245079338550568]
[2679.6220703125]
[45.649986267089844]
[27.523719787597656]
[231.1532745361328]
[92.66246795654297]
[6.357809066772461]
[59.73805236816406]
[762.611083984375]
[54.35884094238281]
[1.3223791122436523]
[438.7085266113281]
[4001.070068359375]
[0.1725940853357315]
[2635.2470703125]
[2013.7967529296875]
[133.16310119628906]
[0.9996181726455688]
[31.605337142944336]
[1.1777141094207764]
[84.14519500732422]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[3.7598395347595215]
[53.82102966308594]
[5.006747245788574]
[0.5470084547996521]
[29.21997833251953]
[290.9462585449219]
[380.7690124511719]
[27.703813552856445]
[299.20306396484375]
[5.170763969421387]
[154.2272491455078]
[0.10068149864673615]
[0.14796049892902374]
[17.975082397460938]
[25.31113052368164]
[2.101567029953003]
[34891.1328125]
[26.433168411254883]
[15.792438507080078]
[8.210684776306152]
[2957.542724609375]
[3018.004150390625]
[1.9799473285675049]
[0.2446570247411728]
[1.326966404914856]
[5.811873912811279]
[6.456407070159912]
[0.9746737480163574]
[80.91889953613281]
[1.0734643936157227]
[1.0646376609802246]
[1.1175457239151]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[56.734954833984375]
[0.21923622488975525]
[111.5285873413086]
[0.2924688458442688]
[0.7063843011856079]
[1.0966641902923584]
[1.1673965454101562]
[63.308631896972656]
[3.732801914215088]
[112.50715637207031]
[15.172050476074219]
[7.319350719451904]
[165.9698028564453]
[105.64937591552734]
[1.190337896347046]
[12.388772010803223]
[0.4869704842567444]
[13.255976676940918]
[19.929471969604492]
[10.50434684753418]
[1.4222904443740845]
[0.5007185339927673]
[36.6229248046875]
[22.64544105529785]
[8.630906105041504]
[28.523645401000977]
[1.4721550941467285]
[160.60061645507812]
[255.90689086914062]
[129.77037048339844]
[115.26162719726562]
[31.0163631439209]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[5.88798713684082]
[5.4177470207214355]
[3.664674758911133]
[0.4181140959262848]
[392.0013427734375]
[18.751646041870117]
[17.239660263061523]
[1.0640819072723389]
[11.790461540222168]
[34.925148010253906]
[55.927093505859375]
[0.8429282903671265]
[10.8298978805542]
[0.4235650300979614]
[210.20799255371094]
[0.047659873962402344]
[4.612703323364258]
[0.3796744644641876]
[2.542060613632202]
[53.83670425415039]
[3.8986997604370117]
[29.817459106445312]
[0.8633855581283569]
[0.4948796331882477]
[0.032669100910425186]
[191.02523803710938]
[93.77780151367188]
[3.6190526485443115]
[0.4100109040737152]
[12.135407447814941]
[60.3106575012207]
[13.635519027709961]
conversion error
conversion error
[236.3981475830078]
[10.754507064819336]
[222.2949981689453]
[168819.421875]
[0.32702481746673584]
[0.22331522405147552]
[0.0923403725028038]
[1.9615719318389893]
[0.9808967113494873]
[14.489527702331543]
[10.841758728027344]
[1.2993615865707397]
[9.244878768920898]
[7.65969181060791]
[1.5175776481628418]
[27.11737823486328]
[15.295638084411621]
[47.97256851196289]
[145.53343200683594]
[51.311256408691406]
[1.7534981966018677]
[1.6227508783340454]
[1.065310001373291]
[192.39674377441406]
[28.13446807861328]
[5.1560959815979]
[3.6385879516601562]
[60.003929138183594]
[43.48728561401367]
[12.217562675476074]
[184.81878662109375]
[234.6919403076172]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[39.05393600463867]
[47.746421813964844]
[24.222003936767578]
[2.7190279960632324]
[330.5325927734375]
[0.543830394744873]
[0.26777365803718567]
[0.8963037133216858]
[0.17405912280082703]
[19.61369514465332]
[29.72223663330078]
[5.650142192840576]
[3.2923645973205566]
[4.902887344360352]
[5.017752170562744]
[248.7421417236328]
[54.6971549987793]
[4.220199108123779]
[0.22651523351669312]
[28.3719539642334]
[84.95039367675781]
[202.2759552001953]
[4.206974506378174]
[0.3194328248500824]
[9.001740455627441]
[158.37461853027344]
[0.4438684582710266]
[98.86416625976562]
[1.937767744064331]
[27.28976821899414]
[2.121920108795166]
[1.3082417249679565]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[22.362241744995117]
[10.267790794372559]
[52.46433639526367]
[363.84844970703125]
[0.8432384729385376]
[51.814781188964844]
[105.52050018310547]
[66.13533782958984]
[16.53582000732422]
[3.3833327293395996]
[0.5899300575256348]
[0.6905533075332642]
[0.17443348467350006]
[1.9145805835723877]
[6.235795974731445]
[1.6431150436401367]
[20.926542282104492]
[0.44801098108291626]
[2.4086179733276367]
[0.41817978024482727]
[7.488338470458984]
[556.1834716796875]
[23.483848571777344]
[365.5084228515625]
[22.6449031829834]
[2.929374933242798]
[111.93679809570312]
[34.736629486083984]
[0.5879285931587219]
[36.488929748535156]
[0.6840932369232178]
[36.1320915222168]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.4498988091945648]
[4.826324939727783]
[160.77740478515625]
[4.2762131690979]
[44.62395477294922]
[106.48138427734375]
[5.665862560272217]
[8.23067855834961]
[9.006568908691406]
[3.332693099975586]
[0.664811909198761]
[0.3098967969417572]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[85.59989929199219]
[6.3433732986450195]
[1.5890089273452759]
[0.9957822561264038]
[24.364212036132812]
[5.556008338928223]
[2.1148853302001953]
[0.31097620725631714]
[6.633826732635498]
[0.35360032320022583]
[1.5851798057556152]
[0.5627376437187195]
[18.479951858520508]
[2363.531494140625]
[39.927547454833984]
[0.6234581470489502]
[0.33615806698799133]
[0.36074650287628174]
[12.7874174118042]
[19.31407928466797]
conversion error
conversion error
[21.63568878173828]
[212.69171142578125]
[3.425905466079712]
[3.817833185195923]
[5.570950984954834]
[83.6437759399414]
[0.8865854144096375]
[0.25745952129364014]
[0.34425267577171326]
[4.989706516265869]
[2.641491651535034]
[11.419966697692871]
[6.9154953956604]
[0.7381203174591064]
[2.8717751502990723]
[1.3162086009979248]
[0.26606544852256775]
[22.361038208007812]
[5.899304389953613]
[0.4464995563030243]
[33.463253021240234]
[8.28394889831543]
[0.21088100969791412]
[2.2408792972564697]
[2.1638388633728027]
[2.1788220405578613]
[92.60760498046875]
[1.9392553567886353]
[8.166109085083008]
[0.2837153673171997]
[4.684121131896973]
[5.729979038238525]
conversion error
conversion error
[8.697059631347656]
[0.09922588616609573]
[6.649490833282471]
[20.99129867553711]
[4.823692798614502]
[0.2565169334411621]
[0.02319546416401863]
[0.2861933708190918]
[3.499305486679077]
[19.797056198120117]
[8.312700271606445]
[16.603408813476562]
[85.82282257080078]
[1138.912353515625]
[4.157400131225586]
[18.532947540283203]
[3.8719866275787354]
[2.653930425643921]
[17.919044494628906]
[0.5778865218162537]
[32.286407470703125]
[0.3187715411186218]
[2.0457592010498047]
[2.5176262855529785]
[5.361979961395264]
[2.0514755249023438]
[0.9521998763084412]
[6.516087532043457]
[3869.956787109375]
[18.321090698242188]
[11.669949531555176]
[17.749177932739258]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.0871119499206543]
[46.043155670166016]
[0.2020917534828186]
[1.7327661514282227]
[0.37370404601097107]
[34.3513069152832]
[168.95115661621094]
[0.16201741993427277]
[0.1954556107521057]
[6.736164569854736]
[67.08195495605469]
[7.399164199829102]
[0.6351150274276733]
[8.054134368896484]
[6.383113384246826]
[0.10432383418083191]
[1.1043365001678467]
[0.5889614224433899]
[9.677203178405762]
[1.4510143995285034]
[0.16874849796295166]
[0.8311554193496704]
[0.19020241498947144]
[19.29483985900879]
[0.7422341108322144]
[93.4609146118164]
[4.910688400268555]
[0.14871518313884735]
[48.279598236083984]
[14.892447471618652]
[2.9426608085632324]
[0.24682097136974335]
conversion error
conversion error
[5.314838886260986]
[0.0483550988137722]
[0.9793621301651001]
[1.0831859111785889]
[3.380617141723633]
[0.45981597900390625]
[0.4900650680065155]
[0.8463757038116455]
[3.529402256011963]
[37.98398971557617]
[0.22076724469661713]
[0.6447045803070068]
[85.50421905517578]
[6.047456741333008]
[93.43345642089844]
[0.01516504492610693]
[0.5755811929702759]
[0.5663538575172424]
[4.812264442443848]
[6.573646068572998]
[3.0913245677948]
[2.0650947093963623]
[0.2627317011356354]
[3.6941187381744385]
[0.31058821082115173]
[1.9049248695373535]
[0.19667327404022217]
[1.437347412109375]
[0.02957824617624283]
[0.6297370791435242]
[2.628103017807007]
[6.439569473266602]
conversion error
conversion error
[2.8349111080169678]
[0.5461344718933105]
[0.25686711072921753]
[0.028947122395038605]
[1.4884932041168213]
[84.6097640991211]
[1.436022162437439]
[18.65955352783203]
[2.298835039138794]
[8.555743217468262]
[0.4047478437423706]
[4.762558460235596]
[0.5082181692123413]
[0.6240034699440002]
[0.4783860743045807]
[1.2633442878723145]
[0.47748011350631714]
[0.3326013684272766]
[40.96443176269531]
[110.66114044189453]
[1.5826469659805298]
[0.13097795844078064]
[0.16333864629268646]
[0.17600145936012268]
[1.4107829332351685]
[2.4537336826324463]
[109.96887969970703]
[7.671824932098389]
[55.393253326416016]
[0.677033007144928]
[1.0535030364990234]
[0.36688101291656494]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.409269779920578]
[378.98492431640625]
[0.14762365818023682]
[10.17341136932373]
[0.6687041521072388]
[0.6240395903587341]
[0.6454415917396545]
[0.32380053400993347]
[0.15169161558151245]
[0.6661345958709717]
[4.64453649520874]
[9.148229598999023]
[0.28389954566955566]
[0.15740028023719788]
[4.640380859375]
[0.2861180603504181]
[0.034174203872680664]
[3.397353172302246]
[16.101409912109375]
[346.0815124511719]
[0.181907519698143]
[0.19338905811309814]
[18.474411010742188]
[3.329669713973999]
[2.711923122406006]
[5.889993190765381]
[0.40052375197410583]
[2.2158119678497314]
[8.226424217224121]
[1.8956342935562134]
[8.218026161193848]
[8.20738697052002]
conversion error
conversion error
[106.02204132080078]
[0.15076284110546112]
[0.4974488317966461]
[0.19655023515224457]
[0.46946030855178833]
[25.199230194091797]
[3453.56689453125]
[0.9508231282234192]
[219.79556274414062]
[0.2439853847026825]
[0.15490682423114777]
[1.5832281112670898]
[0.15768195688724518]
[51.1549072265625]
[0.6641960740089417]
[6848.38818359375]
[0.015451472252607346]
[2.8761773109436035]
[7.860897064208984]
[0.4129609763622284]
[0.9611431956291199]
[13.559866905212402]
[0.2695279121398926]
[65.09840393066406]
[0.5002368688583374]
[235.6592254638672]
[0.6917531490325928]
[6.270860195159912]
[0.13920274376869202]
[6.460081100463867]
[0.14554768800735474]
[2.540264368057251]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.01425877120345831]
[0.11941386014223099]
[80.23899841308594]
[7.791656494140625]
[0.3515566885471344]
[13.970281600952148]
[0.3164776563644409]
[3.032799482345581]
[0.14713990688323975]
[0.12101063877344131]
[57.21900939941406]
[0.8345431685447693]
[22.962779998779297]
[14.894048690795898]
[0.3252103328704834]
[0.7642089128494263]
[14.40772819519043]
[3.571054697036743]
[4.202294826507568]
[0.9645018577575684]
[2.1947531700134277]
[0.13536570966243744]
[7.521091938018799]
[54.751808166503906]
[0.7444187998771667]
[0.4695969820022583]
[18.594457626342773]
[0.1354334056377411]
[0.34902018308639526]
[9.31753921508789]
[0.6271654367446899]
[3.4462718963623047]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[6.740893363952637]
[37.294403076171875]
[0.5464820861816406]
[6.207101345062256]
[3.3446907997131348]
[0.9242629408836365]
[1.5424903631210327]
[0.11553400009870529]
[4.460574150085449]
[2.6185524463653564]
[0.22933734953403473]
[6.185513973236084]
[0.43796512484550476]
[2.7470877170562744]
[1.0741407871246338]
[0.1287473440170288]
[0.13897886872291565]
[7.325117588043213]
[0.14342603087425232]
[1.2848950624465942]
[0.37779945135116577]
[1.4804635047912598]
[0.01997348852455616]
[242.05877685546875]
[0.11342235654592514]
[0.09854363650083542]
[7.902776718139648]
[2.704970598220825]
[0.9754734635353088]
[1.2153793573379517]
[7.359381198883057]
[0.5211271643638611]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[18.394105911254883]
[23.71649169921875]
[0.8221032023429871]
[2.400510787963867]
[0.7816682457923889]
[323.5294189453125]
[0.46081438660621643]
[98.09716033935547]
[2.6538915634155273]
[0.16015681624412537]
[2.0199077129364014]
[1.3390361070632935]
[0.12694984674453735]
[10.011689186096191]
[0.3106667399406433]
[112.08973693847656]
[0.1879255622625351]
[0.13984414935112]
[0.33246010541915894]
[0.5551517605781555]
[0.3093283176422119]
[0.519055962562561]
[0.021481366828083992]
[0.45706042647361755]
[0.6941443681716919]
[2.5740487575531006]
[180.44525146484375]
[2.6104907989501953]
[0.46391844749450684]
[0.4270530045032501]
[191.03004455566406]
[1.2044752836227417]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.15747179090976715]
[3.9983508586883545]
[0.30631545186042786]
[13.055123329162598]
[0.49077069759368896]
[87.0800552368164]
[0.19241848587989807]
[0.13411428034305573]
[0.7820972204208374]
[1.0680128335952759]
[0.34114712476730347]
[2.591191053390503]
[0.14270010590553284]
[0.016159411519765854]
[0.9479144215583801]
[5.658856391906738]
[0.11965219676494598]
[0.1839422732591629]
[1.276886224746704]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.13066403567790985]
[0.7908077836036682]
[0.7934978604316711]
[0.3530699908733368]
[3.0056285858154297]
[7.174699783325195]
[0.5287840366363525]
[0.11409660428762436]
[1.32100248336792]
[6.070652008056641]
[7.170686721801758]
[6.0891008377075195]
[66.04357147216797]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[12.228982925415039]
[0.1394200474023819]
[25.436779022216797]
[0.08795465528964996]
[0.16886372864246368]
[0.7030010223388672]
[43.25639343261719]
[1.0535023212432861]
[38.180564880371094]
[0.31900179386138916]
[0.10771474987268448]
[7.445379734039307]
[0.7176342010498047]
[0.39671584963798523]
[22.550336837768555]
[3.433274269104004]
[18.775535583496094]
[0.14135777950286865]
[5.283266544342041]
[6.359209060668945]
[0.31470152735710144]
[5.117494106292725]
[173.51580810546875]
[19.85620880126953]
[22.076677322387695]
[19.395496368408203]
[0.5266828536987305]
[58.65223693847656]
[7.5443434715271]
[5443.03076171875]
[273.27099609375]
[2.132268190383911]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[191.0748291015625]
[7.695356369018555]
[1.1573776006698608]
[1.3476983308792114]
[2.460068464279175]
[24.01799774169922]
[0.43481895327568054]
[2.4944467544555664]
[4.581813335418701]
[2.116643190383911]
[92.56555938720703]
[1.9317783117294312]
[1.9312808513641357]
[0.11253894865512848]
[88.50487518310547]
[0.36874309182167053]
[4.317455291748047]
[0.11732079833745956]
[5.8509521484375]
[3.718184471130371]
[0.12307951599359512]
[0.2724274694919586]
[2.37398099899292]
[0.2956419289112091]
[43.396427154541016]
[28.09404754638672]
[7.673582077026367]
[4.425375461578369]
[5.855820178985596]
[3.6942663192749023]
[6.026580810546875]
[14.460310935974121]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.20400851964950562]
[0.1107558161020279]
[2.361675262451172]
[0.1700822412967682]
[25.85674476623535]
[71.62924194335938]
[15.176170349121094]
[0.6619159579277039]
[7.501461982727051]
[0.06736279278993607]
[1.257694125175476]
[0.09867093712091446]
[195.96051025390625]
[24.870847702026367]
[0.7598209977149963]
[2.252988815307617]
[0.7146438360214233]
[0.18045315146446228]
[0.7340521812438965]
[0.47182950377464294]
[0.4801653027534485]
[0.19161716103553772]
[5.793639659881592]
[0.5128889679908752]
[0.27692660689353943]
[0.3321246802806854]
[1.551201581954956]
[0.1350765824317932]
[0.4105757772922516]
[27.80352783203125]
[0.35137611627578735]
[13.965154647827148]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.3790512979030609]
[0.10646774619817734]
[53.35039138793945]
[7.891317367553711]
[1.07698655128479]
[0.13096211850643158]
[5.767782688140869]
[1.6342769861221313]
[0.3967248499393463]
[7.232292652130127]
[0.7242802977561951]
[0.38669559359550476]
[7.559671401977539]
[2.880228281021118]
[0.423960417509079]
[0.3769287168979645]
[0.030980976298451424]
[17.113983154296875]
[0.09578131884336472]
[1.9309611320495605]
[128.99819946289062]
[2439.501953125]
[1.7493799924850464]
[35.04966735839844]
[0.09560523927211761]
[5.13184928894043]
[7.737698554992676]
[2.5560996532440186]
[1.896461009979248]
[1.5396907329559326]
[1.5495233535766602]
[0.4468664824962616]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[548.4465942382812]
[0.6065523028373718]
[14.572945594787598]
[1.2434684038162231]
[68.38874816894531]
[0.32796746492385864]
[200.40371704101562]
[0.10958299040794373]
[0.10098151862621307]
[129.1536102294922]
[0.11725392192602158]
[0.559982180595398]
[0.7375600337982178]
[0.20383255183696747]
[14.669624328613281]
[6.721661567687988]
[1.5458368062973022]
[439.83941650390625]
[2.4984476566314697]
[0.046173345297575]
[0.3185451924800873]
[2177.0654296875]
[3.124997615814209]
[0.5466774106025696]
[0.15439753234386444]
[2.8640902042388916]
[0.10130493342876434]
[0.008435695432126522]
[0.15405799448490143]
[0.19453470408916473]
[1.4307928085327148]
[0.10153114050626755]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[17.984167098999023]
[0.504156231880188]
[249.5558624267578]
[9.0253267288208]
[2.459608316421509]
[2.3796634674072266]
[5.602625846862793]
[8.827437400817871]
[3.0788161754608154]
[0.09613799303770065]
[1.936804175376892]
[0.009378161281347275]
[2.3664426803588867]
[35.52493667602539]
[0.37769660353660583]
[0.3030203580856323]
[0.589443027973175]
[0.3818714916706085]
[0.733946681022644]
[0.17697259783744812]
[5.643563747406006]
[44.383460998535156]
[0.8882481455802917]
[2.5402543544769287]
[0.5333131551742554]
[4.086289882659912]
[0.8722812533378601]
[2.551184892654419]
[0.3748975992202759]
[0.5041484832763672]
[1.6167315244674683]
[0.12278985232114792]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.12892858684062958]
[0.6093175411224365]
[0.7451120018959045]
[11.789196014404297]
[0.44558361172676086]
[0.526010274887085]
[0.06615335494279861]
[0.8794639706611633]
[0.024681903421878815]
[6.239686489105225]
[8.090470314025879]
[0.514851450920105]
[1.2741920948028564]
[940.6920166015625]
[0.18652263283729553]
[0.22334453463554382]
[0.44249284267425537]
[0.21444863080978394]
[0.13595286011695862]
[6.511361122131348]
[0.09825845807790756]
[0.1565624177455902]
[0.43805235624313354]
[0.10035542398691177]
[0.33177003264427185]
[1.3605566024780273]
[0.23628658056259155]
[0.0738702341914177]
[1.4269397258758545]
[125.1683120727539]
[3.7117879390716553]
[7.078907012939453]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[1.417281985282898]
[0.39150309562683105]
[0.42257872223854065]
[0.3877350986003876]
[1.2319201231002808]
[0.16501004993915558]
[17.6514835357666]
[0.372387170791626]
[9.013328552246094]
[0.6888514757156372]
[0.1408221572637558]
[14.741745948791504]
[0.0951496958732605]
[5.6303582191467285]
[0.09711041301488876]
[7.210453033447266]
[0.23551082611083984]
[207.29833984375]
[2.9392244815826416]
[17.603656768798828]
[0.23626656830310822]
[2.6898317337036133]
[0.49192318320274353]
[0.32614004611968994]
[5.994359016418457]
[89.88636016845703]
[25.413366317749023]
[1.4459460973739624]
[0.3290919065475464]
[0.31944915652275085]
[27.076425552368164]
[1.3717222213745117]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[1.8112335205078125]
[31.31637954711914]
[0.019355973228812218]
[0.3602678179740906]
[2.6874265670776367]
[6.4470415115356445]
[9.560327529907227]
[10.337105751037598]
[6.298444747924805]
[0.6490311622619629]
[4784.568359375]
[6.384688854217529]
[0.1555868685245514]
[0.8233740925788879]
[0.4339572489261627]
[5.266355514526367]
[4.5428853034973145]
[3.221712350845337]
[0.26815107464790344]
[16.100440979003906]
[2.634068489074707]
[63.8922233581543]
[17.1612491607666]
[2.831505537033081]
[25.762853622436523]
[0.3968215882778168]
[3.4004931449890137]
[3.6575238704681396]
[162.03672790527344]
[2.8315203189849854]
[0.3483058512210846]
[81.97966766357422]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.4390925467014313]
[1.9604084491729736]
[15.349261283874512]
[0.02670791931450367]
[0.4448358118534088]
[2.275064468383789]
[1.7308526039123535]
[21.30667495727539]
[0.6789613962173462]
[0.8562610149383545]
[1.147454023361206]
[2.836422920227051]
[4.40431547164917]
[1.501513957977295]
[6.2040791511535645]
[4.205982208251953]
[2.6383352279663086]
[0.24335172772407532]
[2.5230462551116943]
[6.6477274894714355]
[10.833820343017578]
[4.199563980102539]
[1.3861281871795654]
[0.029228780418634415]
[0.01991155929863453]
[3.9257662296295166]
[0.21942585706710815]
[0.41484522819519043]
[2.062934398651123]
[1.3695955276489258]
[11.433429718017578]
[0.0945572555065155]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.20411069691181183]
[3.050924301147461]
[6.57028341293335]
[11.258766174316406]
[0.41435518860816956]
[240.81536865234375]
[55.35917663574219]
[0.839583158493042]
[11.456811904907227]
[14.515361785888672]
[69.98263549804688]
[11.065495491027832]
[1.7743432521820068]
[14.143763542175293]
[4.881507396697998]
[1.6660988330841064]
[2.6330490112304688]
[17.554908752441406]
[6.568151473999023]
[1.6573922634124756]
[1.6501083374023438]
[0.6208512187004089]
[6.980013370513916]
[3.182816982269287]
[5.851162910461426]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.5203981399536133]
[0.23026226460933685]
[6.216912746429443]
[81.09262084960938]
[2.563669204711914]
[0.16248831152915955]
[4.536492824554443]
[0.3624190390110016]
[5.229356288909912]
[88.82168579101562]
[87.08425903320312]
[1.49811589717865]
[8.860735893249512]
[2.9111926555633545]
[0.4007095992565155]
[72.669189453125]
[2925.355224609375]
[0.4907478094100952]
[6.523086071014404]
[0.1046067550778389]
[4.2887492179870605]
[21.844375610351562]
[2.6569042205810547]
[0.09994865208864212]
[0.10927250981330872]
[0.13484002649784088]
[0.9765347242355347]
[47.92576599121094]
[0.47647663950920105]
[1.7428110837936401]
[2.228229522705078]
[3.6217281818389893]
[17.773881912231445]
[0.056227803230285645]
[11.702775955200195]
[4.988705635070801]
[0.017443452030420303]
[0.12785834074020386]
[7225.8212890625]
[1.0376719236373901]
[0.0836532860994339]
[3.4604718685150146]
[1.2526015043258667]
[1.1832994222640991]
[0.237441286444664]
[0.6701796650886536]
[312.9446716308594]
[0.10372547060251236]
[0.020848877727985382]
[8.995467185974121]
[0.3341425955295563]
[0.06610038876533508]
[84.17713928222656]
[1.6960829496383667]
[0.08067470788955688]
[0.19171562790870667]
[7.070093154907227]
[0.41263583302497864]
[1.5761744976043701]
[0.06303110718727112]
[7.941005706787109]
[1.338566541671753]
[6.943348407745361]
[0.19160966575145721]
[23.778120040893555]
[0.6281782388687134]
[1.2191174030303955]
[0.06440464407205582]
[5.30258846282959]
[4.819718837738037]
[1.9499688148498535]
[3.4773952960968018]
[0.08143790066242218]
[0.9026146531105042]
[2.7252111434936523]
[0.31738653779029846]
[0.34499436616897583]
[0.3163999617099762]
[22.143526077270508]
[0.773348867893219]
[2.763152837753296]
[84.41783142089844]
[16.747825622558594]
[0.5287888646125793]
[6.3984527587890625]
[0.39295852184295654]
[3.1907427310943604]
[5.226967811584473]
[0.41214823722839355]
[0.06626070290803909]
[3.694101572036743]
[0.3984677493572235]
[0.22832411527633667]
[0.03309806436300278]
[16.480607986450195]
[97.66368865966797]
[225.1158447265625]
[67.74970245361328]
[0.36535465717315674]
[1408.4156494140625]
[0.40090882778167725]
[0.16685637831687927]
[1.9359477758407593]
[0.10099003463983536]
[98.97164154052734]
[0.08842175453901291]
[2315.0576171875]
[0.5311466455459595]
[2.626744270324707]
[0.6749641299247742]
[0.7563735246658325]
[5.504459381103516]
[5.5739874839782715]
[9.339001655578613]
[126.99543762207031]
[4.659439563751221]
[42.170799255371094]
[15.476426124572754]
[0.19172094762325287]
[0.09835344552993774]
[1.771324872970581]
[1.3714262247085571]
[14.449423789978027]
[0.19309143722057343]
[0.18944230675697327]
[10.3413667678833]
[16.318845748901367]
[0.5573365688323975]
[101.9315414428711]
[3.786065101623535]
[19.87224578857422]
[32.706661224365234]
[8.7101469039917]
[2.1476268768310547]
[1538.8878173828125]
[24.301414489746094]
[15.822101593017578]
[2.574923038482666]
[0.769242525100708]
[7.047062873840332]
[68.86801147460938]
[0.7517120838165283]
[8.20616340637207]
[54.5025634765625]
[0.693152666091919]
[6.846064567565918]
[0.7793461084365845]
[1384.588623046875]
[0.3102346658706665]
[0.7157049775123596]
[29.430749893188477]
[2.628509759902954]
[31.26299285888672]
[9.555793762207031]
[0.8006022572517395]
[0.14084596931934357]
[0.7573782205581665]
[7.261250019073486]
[4.081103324890137]
[1.3703745603561401]
[78.98184967041016]
[302.6847229003906]
[0.12114191800355911]
[1.1137504577636719]
[0.21085800230503082]
[109.66619873046875]
[1.3401641845703125]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.1202426627278328]
[0.7153241038322449]
[7.175518989562988]
[0.16918893158435822]
[0.13631832599639893]
[9.735523223876953]
[7.138879776000977]
[1.933231234550476]
[0.19030387699604034]
[183.85293579101562]
[0.1554635763168335]
[0.7075114250183105]
[2.5162339210510254]
[8.290862083435059]
[0.7239875197410583]
[7.444033622741699]
[0.495986670255661]
[1.8762248754501343]
[7.105478286743164]
[248.8907470703125]
[6.32417106628418]
[6.19234561920166]
[1.2322579622268677]
[3.4718005657196045]
[0.10098427534103394]
[6.407553672790527]
[0.09718296676874161]
[0.7252809405326843]
[0.009085833095014095]
[0.36228275299072266]
[0.7122251391410828]
[3.7393088340759277]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[3.2549774646759033]
[13.1588716506958]
[0.015652228146791458]
[9.621072769165039]
[2.566920518875122]
[26.91064453125]
[7.012823104858398]
[0.8991340398788452]
[0.2870558202266693]
[11.670205116271973]
[23.474821090698242]
[0.11628126353025436]
[0.017999988049268723]
[2.5985214710235596]
[13.21545124053955]
[46.963172912597656]
[0.0172192994505167]
[0.02878803201019764]
[3.5979654788970947]
[0.12870188057422638]
[1.2653417587280273]
[616.330322265625]
[0.1651630997657776]
[1.3055763244628906]
[4.750776290893555]
[12.264922142028809]
[0.12541867792606354]
[2739.181884765625]
[7.689924716949463]
[0.12860965728759766]
[2.61015248298645]
[9.857858657836914]
[2.986802101135254]
[76.88935852050781]
[0.410981148481369]
[1.5569838285446167]
[0.2447495460510254]
[6.726246356964111]
[0.10233266651630402]
[0.3895031809806824]
[10.585489273071289]
[67.8349380493164]
[2.893399715423584]
[0.6448614001274109]
[0.022168245166540146]
[0.023063335567712784]
[28.36182403564453]
[1.5184869766235352]
[3.1446242332458496]
[0.5214476585388184]
[0.3444342017173767]
[527.4928588867188]
[14.180931091308594]
[0.6548755764961243]
[0.09549088776111603]
[686.3046264648438]
[1.196753740310669]
[2229.00537109375]
[189.4179229736328]
[107.86776733398438]
[33.045677185058594]
[0.6676499247550964]
[0.3190026581287384]
[0.28815510869026184]
[0.3639364242553711]
[108.21529388427734]
[2.2093021869659424]
[3200.1865234375]
[0.09853815287351608]
[2.1217432022094727]
[2036.74560546875]
[0.7003481984138489]
[0.4040006995201111]
[1.113100528717041]
[18.519214630126953]
[11.638396263122559]
[2.901360273361206]
[187.5741424560547]
[2.2342772483825684]
[1.0899724960327148]
[8.278193473815918]
[12.305185317993164]
[2.4657256603240967]
[4.570108413696289]
[0.338949978351593]
[0.7077339291572571]
[173.05824279785156]
[0.29256436228752136]
[17.055641174316406]
[0.29282262921333313]
[1.5453659296035767]
[0.5339307188987732]
[1.5910556316375732]
[0.13565373420715332]
[0.11775939911603928]
[51.473365783691406]
[0.11156709492206573]
[0.11395951360464096]
[677.70263671875]
[0.16679640114307404]
[0.632275402545929]
[27.303024291992188]
[0.3028140962123871]
[221.18817138671875]
[3.187404155731201]
[0.1353709101676941]
[1.2684657573699951]
[0.38901790976524353]
[0.6067304015159607]
[0.12186188995838165]
[17.82299041748047]
[0.07254952192306519]
[7.597569465637207]
[0.16666461527347565]
[5.3343048095703125]
[17.13419532775879]
[104.06826782226562]
[37.179447174072266]
[0.5558153390884399]
[0.2694874703884125]
[0.3296857178211212]
[0.21926456689834595]
[43.38386154174805]
[65.3852310180664]
[154.38644409179688]
[0.5336831212043762]
[0.010041055269539356]
[0.1278558373451233]
[0.2390275001525879]
[0.22817665338516235]
[6.383551120758057]
[2.3305649757385254]
[0.5504273772239685]
[14.543217658996582]
[0.5146076679229736]
[5.117816925048828]
[36.49104309082031]
[0.6057473421096802]
[1.8812780380249023]
[0.33661025762557983]
[0.21755088865756989]
[0.4114888310432434]
[0.5669578909873962]
[0.5593013167381287]
[0.1872885376214981]
[71.63621520996094]
[3.8761038780212402]
[2.8724052906036377]
[0.4304150342941284]
[36.392921447753906]
[61.038490295410156]
[0.12367013841867447]
[377.0576171875]
[0.12497032433748245]
[0.33125564455986023]
[3.221179723739624]
[0.41208022832870483]
[0.297020822763443]
[6.2019853591918945]
[0.32565978169441223]
[105.53235626220703]
[3.2354891300201416]
[4.97834587097168]
[0.015360914170742035]
[12.943572998046875]
[2.008786678314209]
[0.15640124678611755]
[71.26583862304688]
[1.1307200193405151]
[0.859916627407074]
[0.019248735159635544]
[8.2735013961792]
[71.13504791259766]
[2.4870169162750244]
[0.660226583480835]
[6.642062187194824]
[1.9564160108566284]
[1.2183506488800049]
[0.19739046692848206]
[2.7502548694610596]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.6969149112701416]
[222.1369171142578]
[2.323626756668091]
[0.09765584766864777]
[0.14439657330513]
[0.14924106001853943]
[0.15628215670585632]
[1.262049913406372]
[4.504353046417236]
[0.31240272521972656]
[5.263059139251709]
[1.092587947845459]
[7.6526665687561035]
[3.627708673477173]
[5.188867568969727]
[0.1086340993642807]
[16.560304641723633]
[3.6692190170288086]
[0.11520717293024063]
[6.162639617919922]
[1.0469120740890503]
[0.1130535900592804]
[1427.7830810546875]
[1.9615947008132935]
[2.5741829872131348]
[3.2034146785736084]
[1.2817840576171875]
[0.008150367997586727]
[0.2874124050140381]
[1.0568690299987793]
[6.008110523223877]
[1.0472162961959839]
[0.20660081505775452]
[413.2784423828125]
[20.788066864013672]
[0.2117568552494049]
[0.10088056325912476]
[5.814072132110596]
[0.33484336733818054]
[0.6879693865776062]
[0.29248046875]
[53.169464111328125]
[1772.41552734375]
[0.6248378157615662]
[2.337198257446289]
[32.71052169799805]
[25.997224807739258]
[1.7698816061019897]
[0.27614283561706543]
[1.4213038682937622]
[2.3962535858154297]
[0.3690909445285797]
[1.0950002670288086]
[81.60926055908203]
[4.1695237159729]
[0.5277417898178101]
[17.0094051361084]
[95.92536926269531]
[0.10721570998430252]
[0.6220793724060059]
[0.04269520938396454]
[0.40822696685791016]
[0.3750157058238983]
[2.426100492477417]
[1.1281405687332153]
[6.342508316040039]
[0.9822990894317627]
[1.0060548782348633]
[0.07977420091629028]
[0.5134354829788208]
[8.073677062988281]
[1.1577180624008179]
[0.07671881467103958]
[3.764950752258301]
[7.5162835121154785]
[2.4011645317077637]
[0.7356401681900024]
[0.5408086180686951]
[0.023208020254969597]
[84.3945083618164]
[1.0563368797302246]
[0.6704340577125549]
[204.95278930664062]
[0.1670321822166443]
[0.28987085819244385]
[149.03387451171875]
[0.3966989815235138]
[26.766019821166992]
[6.593588352203369]
[2.99461030960083]
[11.55883502960205]
[6.486109733581543]
[0.8691160082817078]
[0.08900042623281479]
[377.76690673828125]
[5.372055530548096]
[3.786055564880371]
[0.3582691550254822]
[0.25210899114608765]
[6.45970344543457]
[3.89115047454834]
[5.148670196533203]
[75.30813598632812]
[0.11197704076766968]
[0.2421460598707199]
[0.09508585929870605]
[5.232728958129883]
[0.10517390072345734]
[0.09319803863763809]
[2.099363088607788]
[0.6651262044906616]
[0.38749516010284424]
[6.312530517578125]
[0.0993240475654602]
[0.0750562846660614]
[0.02388877421617508]
[0.9719347953796387]
[0.8161780834197998]
[0.09790538996458054]
[0.43701407313346863]
[0.45088300108909607]
[6.645961761474609]
[1.8402602672576904]
[0.5036916136741638]
[3.905590772628784]
[0.19048848748207092]
[0.3453097939491272]
[36.46171951293945]
[684.004638671875]
[0.38638991117477417]
[0.06124360114336014]
[0.12106262892484665]
[0.8027702569961548]
[4.113209247589111]
[0.3549565076828003]
[0.14690826833248138]
[0.3419678211212158]
[0.15563683211803436]
[0.6951150298118591]
[101.8735580444336]
[0.9965872168540955]
[0.9494767189025879]
[0.6927362680435181]
[194.59927368164062]
[4.643491744995117]
[1.8543400764465332]
[0.34693020582199097]
[6.323649883270264]
[0.022360706701874733]
[0.6689454913139343]
[1.7858740091323853]
[0.8383862972259521]
[25.384408950805664]
[0.6993210315704346]
[1.0102124214172363]
[2.3485004901885986]
[0.1655622124671936]
[1.0925841331481934]
[5.230518817901611]
[0.09064514189958572]
[20.156530380249023]
[3.532482385635376]
[0.11069042980670929]
[6.390671253204346]
[6.457962512969971]
[1.1696571111679077]
[0.10649812966585159]
[1.124082326889038]
[1.078683614730835]
[0.9502511620521545]
[404.06683349609375]
[0.09352081269025803]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.08978230506181717]
[6.315673351287842]
[4.061975002288818]
[21.289438247680664]
[3.0199434757232666]
[13.593742370605469]
[0.6397407054901123]
[78.16482543945312]
[6.247453212738037]
[0.31320393085479736]
[0.8511852025985718]
[0.325621098279953]
[0.5091027617454529]
[0.4008975923061371]
[0.10474052280187607]
[0.24010294675827026]
[1.3217817544937134]
[3.6262011528015137]
[0.07401073724031448]
[4.763397693634033]
[349.8778381347656]
[6.316652297973633]
[0.14695101976394653]
[0.016045935451984406]
[0.08203475177288055]
[0.2872733175754547]
[31.955917358398438]
[36.895320892333984]
[1.299821376800537]
[1.5813180208206177]
[1.9750795364379883]
[0.09699059277772903]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.06624062359333038]
[0.29594650864601135]
[6.289681434631348]
[9.372974395751953]
[2046.372314453125]
[2.8945486545562744]
[1.8449786901474]
[4.847344875335693]
[11.716718673706055]
[0.0839209333062172]
[0.45950135588645935]
[27.73776626586914]
[3.0890207290649414]
[1.5797679424285889]
[0.8051841855049133]
[36.09059524536133]
[3.696329355239868]
[5.168107986450195]
[2.9331414699554443]
[0.4005775451660156]
[0.07978972047567368]
[140.7966766357422]
[2.82723331451416]
[0.1451256424188614]
[0.13523992896080017]
[14.90024185180664]
[0.4887731969356537]
[0.3294205069541931]
[5.034184455871582]
[0.3152649998664856]
[0.8165708780288696]
[351.1235046386719]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.07423751056194305]
[18.34015464782715]
[0.6620838642120361]
[19.247953414916992]
[6.258427143096924]
[0.0751282200217247]
[0.06988956779241562]
[0.07328884303569794]
[0.132526695728302]
[50.485069274902344]
[0.16586042940616608]
[0.18302829563617706]
[0.727637767791748]
[200.2332763671875]
[6.249633312225342]
[11.567639350891113]
[0.09938474744558334]
[35.147422790527344]
[0.08090866357088089]
[0.1341669112443924]
[2.446744918823242]
[21.94369888305664]
[1.856513261795044]
[0.28960469365119934]
[64.18489837646484]
[0.5290423035621643]
[57.797393798828125]
[95.39166259765625]
[63.54376983642578]
[7.211940765380859]
[10.218084335327148]
[19.405115127563477]
[4.217710494995117]
[0.09958072006702423]
[6.216289043426514]
[92.77876281738281]
[6.071058750152588]
[59.728614807128906]
[1.4710100889205933]
[23.284984588623047]
[0.37161481380462646]
[0.2649365961551666]
[0.2582910358905792]
[0.46731582283973694]
[1.0067164897918701]
[4.080153942108154]
[1.6309428215026855]
[0.4184105396270752]
[0.24919453263282776]
[0.1758427619934082]
[0.5349714159965515]
[0.020082976669073105]
[4.520100116729736]
[5.641902446746826]
[0.13659027218818665]
[15.810128211975098]
[0.8503312468528748]
[0.10137499123811722]
[0.07651977241039276]
[2.6324949264526367]
[0.9380384683609009]
[0.5010677576065063]
[2.6269400119781494]
[2.3888463973999023]
[65.71497344970703]
[19.850072860717773]
[0.10211002081632614]
[0.25036755204200745]
[2.271017074584961]
[4.795555591583252]
[0.07849839329719543]
[0.0887928307056427]
[0.9980002641677856]
[0.07543472945690155]
[0.646284282207489]
[0.07000453770160675]
[5.638098239898682]
[52.321441650390625]
[25.033370971679688]
[0.819387674331665]
[0.3613668382167816]
[7.259965419769287]
[11.2252836227417]
[7.246868133544922]
[0.06294462084770203]
[92.3909683227539]
[1.7541205883026123]
[1.678795337677002]
[150.83282470703125]
[0.16729731857776642]
[0.056211553514003754]
[2.7401702404022217]
[1.155440330505371]
[6.536542892456055]
[0.5071674585342407]
[1.5833086967468262]
[0.18878021836280823]
[0.1324680745601654]
[1.113411545753479]
[16.724994659423828]
[0.06738648563623428]
[0.9626147747039795]
[0.9365887641906738]
[0.08615598827600479]
[0.5174257159233093]
[173.45675659179688]
[0.3842867612838745]
[6.841784477233887]
[0.05592881515622139]
[0.08214413374662399]
[0.4029013514518738]
[0.09191179275512695]
[0.16581419110298157]
[69.87012481689453]
[0.07141285389661789]
[10.179677963256836]
[6.089566230773926]
[0.47405770421028137]
[0.8480478525161743]
[0.826160192489624]
[1266.36962890625]
[1.701956033706665]
[1.8090473413467407]
[0.18927916884422302]
[4.97214937210083]
[0.06389415264129639]
[0.05463747680187225]
[92.55374145507812]
[32.616920471191406]
[82.2253189086914]
[0.07033994793891907]
[0.07192549854516983]
[0.7418711185455322]
[5.997068405151367]
[11.424123764038086]
[0.04849841073155403]
[1.0138297080993652]
[3.3361122608184814]
[0.015447773039340973]
[0.050865840166807175]
[0.6727670431137085]
[0.6385035514831543]
[93.22007751464844]
[0.6242468357086182]
[6.492471218109131]
[0.5167749524116516]
[0.5307695269584656]
[7.148892402648926]
[13.120824813842773]
[6.2901201248168945]
[32.88960647583008]
[0.32714593410491943]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.28827059268951416]
[0.20884466171264648]
[0.021351780742406845]
[1.6403831243515015]
[8.112438201904297]
[5.600976467132568]
[2.974799156188965]
[1.807060718536377]
[16.716585159301758]
[195.15512084960938]
[0.4483053684234619]
[27.099773406982422]
[2.146389961242676]
[5.984797477722168]
[1.5331579446792603]
[3.223078727722168]
[0.08236528187990189]
[0.43858101963996887]
[0.015389486216008663]
[1.5879273414611816]
[2.092327356338501]
[96.16107177734375]
[0.3919282555580139]
[4.838816165924072]
[5.374133110046387]
[25.356111526489258]
[0.4826194643974304]
[0.09109970927238464]
[4.515262603759766]
[0.6625820398330688]
[25.323930740356445]
[0.4551645517349243]
[0.3237450420856476]
[0.2173481434583664]
[2.8138372898101807]
[1.7719221115112305]
[1.0236926078796387]
[6.701333999633789]
[0.15923577547073364]
[15.861284255981445]
[2.3778858184814453]
[0.7806797027587891]
[0.8677278161048889]
[2.297200918197632]
[2.2996928691864014]
[2.872809410095215]
[5.4748406410217285]
[25.19955825805664]
[380.1937255859375]
[0.14650285243988037]
[5.628806114196777]
[2205.952392578125]
[10.806859970092773]
[0.06921174377202988]
[7.102578163146973]
[0.10885051637887955]
[3.565657615661621]
[0.06524025648832321]
[0.13478471338748932]
[0.12243233621120453]
[0.01293124444782734]
[210.4764404296875]
[0.7943273186683655]
[1.3082410097122192]
[6.1129937171936035]
[0.78269362449646]
[1.3023971319198608]
[1.3739047050476074]
[4.038748264312744]
[0.958522617816925]
[1.0199637413024902]
[0.15702590346336365]
[0.2880691885948181]
[18.676376342773438]
[1.2905898094177246]
[1.5135414600372314]
[1.0466455221176147]
[11.669666290283203]
[72.28883361816406]
[1.0280228853225708]
[6.628080368041992]
[0.11818498373031616]
[73.06149291992188]
[95.63695526123047]
[1.8315439224243164]
[0.25185415148735046]
[0.10109323263168335]
[1.1696863174438477]
[5.159860610961914]
[0.5279663801193237]
[0.9528189301490784]
[0.01148910727351904]
[1.1627217531204224]
[1.4905993938446045]
[0.09439944475889206]
[3.999798536300659]
[513.94287109375]
[0.08486571907997131]
[0.12894831597805023]
[32.298736572265625]
[0.2249840497970581]
[0.008148904889822006]
[0.016579054296016693]
[2.6815457344055176]
[0.08702536672353745]
[2.4625751972198486]
[0.9850409626960754]
[0.08674922585487366]
[0.11866940557956696]
[0.20544351637363434]
[0.20329435169696808]
[0.007752067409455776]
[1.8156296014785767]
[18.063798904418945]
[0.2969403564929962]
[0.8671190142631531]
[3.750976800918579]
[0.08410876244306564]
[33.698890686035156]
[0.08301355689764023]
[0.19683006405830383]
[0.08965121954679489]
[0.09672615677118301]
[15.551383018493652]
[6.173705577850342]
[0.18114501237869263]
[29.112504959106445]
[81.86042022705078]
[17.302522659301758]
[69.92829895019531]
[0.011844544671475887]
[0.8178830146789551]
[0.06654364615678787]
[0.0869155302643776]
[0.6694751977920532]
[5.271910190582275]
[5.673799514770508]
[0.64927077293396]
[0.4687798023223877]
[6.193575859069824]
[22.738393783569336]
[0.20432643592357635]
[0.06342483311891556]
[6.036590576171875]
[10.490100860595703]
[1.074406385421753]
[11.283136367797852]
[0.5379488468170166]
[0.08116933703422546]
[55.860496520996094]
[92.81587219238281]
[6.781208038330078]
[0.06992246955633163]
[0.06867828220129013]
[0.16467352211475372]
[2.5849719047546387]
[0.09227408468723297]
[69.15666198730469]
[1080.3773193359375]
[1.7862118482589722]
[0.027139784768223763]
[305.849853515625]
[0.6690040826797485]
[2.7097177505493164]
[0.6483718156814575]
[15.167165756225586]
[0.070840984582901]
[2.1009554862976074]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.35575100779533386]
[113.51272583007812]
[2698.9384765625]
[0.0628165677189827]
[69.3486099243164]
[0.1358008235692978]
[0.341180682182312]
[0.2798486649990082]
[0.10517174005508423]
[0.009857112541794777]
[0.15258347988128662]
[6.815464496612549]
[0.9948877692222595]
[6.380898475646973]
[0.7875402569770813]
[0.1327502429485321]
[0.09008806943893433]
[21.191587448120117]
[2.758843421936035]
[0.01703258603811264]
[235.63369750976562]
[1.8116645812988281]
[0.177713543176651]
[3.541039228439331]
[2.926011323928833]
[4.454042434692383]
[4.146581649780273]
[0.09601197391748428]
[0.12299749255180359]
[9.894957542419434]
[434.0526123046875]
[0.08306708931922913]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.4599491059780121]
[0.12314488738775253]
[0.6488686203956604]
[2.6172659397125244]
[0.11717180162668228]
[0.7157546877861023]
[0.07853840291500092]
[0.6938896179199219]
[0.6655106544494629]
[2.1482648849487305]
[25.524629592895508]
[0.3247152268886566]
[144.88986206054688]
[2.166909694671631]
[50.72489929199219]
[13.349486351013184]
[0.26591920852661133]
[4.813368320465088]
[2075.293701171875]
[938.8633422851562]
[3.427245855331421]
[0.12837129831314087]
[1.9301905632019043]
[1.751767873764038]
[0.07475792616605759]
[6.27896785736084]
[83.30723571777344]
[17.982797622680664]
[0.27513256669044495]
[0.07963202148675919]
[0.1525467485189438]
[1.0509536266326904]
conversion error
conversion error
[62.67422866821289]
[0.27326783537864685]
[2.319330930709839]
[0.46311819553375244]
[1.7744126319885254]
[1.4310898780822754]
[2.8320260047912598]
[0.07715680450201035]
[20.142118453979492]
[12.328936576843262]
[1.4788960218429565]
[0.37728023529052734]
[0.36095288395881653]
[2.24987530708313]
[2.961411237716675]
[0.7302305102348328]
[6.103524684906006]
[0.4404408633708954]
[1.5232521295547485]
[0.3332711160182953]
[0.23117832839488983]
[0.8873761892318726]
[0.09025583416223526]
[0.25568950176239014]
[6.080158710479736]
[0.3174830973148346]
[4.1806416511535645]
[37.57639694213867]
[4.736598968505859]
[0.09250842034816742]
[1.6594078540802002]
[11.749258041381836]
conversion error
conversion error
[3.316145420074463]
[0.09264297783374786]
[0.06416603177785873]
[4.742916107177734]
[0.07122305780649185]
[19.6745662689209]
[7.259987831115723]
[1.1442924737930298]
[1.2183918952941895]
[57.7652473449707]
[0.07513944804668427]
[0.47121357917785645]
[5.241788387298584]
[1.6594703197479248]
[0.125985249876976]
[2.2000081539154053]
[0.0805402472615242]
[1.090754747390747]
[15.584545135498047]
[1.429590106010437]
[1.6350908279418945]
[0.10071119666099548]
[4.043240547180176]
[0.4175345301628113]
[1.6475900411605835]
[12.397578239440918]
[0.07366324961185455]
[0.829984188079834]
[11.053753852844238]
[3.5214006900787354]
[0.12825484573841095]
[0.07244790345430374]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.21271558105945587]
[0.2648918926715851]
[2.5337681770324707]
[45.65762710571289]
[6.553603649139404]
[0.2856988310813904]
[0.20552869141101837]
[0.695189356803894]
[0.4695565700531006]
[14.990104675292969]
[0.37909039855003357]
[2.8093020915985107]
[2.443984031677246]
[9.742262840270996]
[0.20225846767425537]
[25.778852462768555]
[1.1468782424926758]
[0.21332892775535583]
[0.3620343506336212]
[3.5472850799560547]
[1.4145042896270752]
[1.110929250717163]
[0.27693381905555725]
[5.397061824798584]
[0.27746275067329407]
[0.16638244688510895]
[0.30435994267463684]
[2.3587329387664795]
[12.032600402832031]
[0.058222293853759766]
[3.8086819648742676]
[0.15981368720531464]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.05842623859643936]
[1.1628059148788452]
[212.62347412109375]
[7.149462699890137]
[1.0441128015518188]
[0.14068911969661713]
[34.995357513427734]
[0.07934140413999557]
[15.684164047241211]
[0.08681675791740417]
[0.01384179387241602]
[1.0676302909851074]
[0.046033140271902084]
[7.012350559234619]
[6.070742607116699]
[1.287244439125061]
[10.686931610107422]
[2.56648588180542]
[20.10869789123535]
[0.17888057231903076]
[0.2638026475906372]
[6.064177989959717]
[0.25829875469207764]
[1.739992618560791]
[0.06803291290998459]
[0.05818520113825798]
[0.24642890691757202]
[99.48464965820312]
[80.6771240234375]
[0.009162220172584057]
[1.7496387958526611]
[2.4764130115509033]
[15.557398796081543]
[2.336825132369995]
[0.9355282783508301]
[5.5154852867126465]
[0.2836231291294098]
[0.150384321808815]
[0.23551124334335327]
[1.6465809345245361]
[2.330655574798584]
[0.9038703441619873]
[2.0496702194213867]
[0.11816065013408661]
[0.013279170729219913]
[11.72765827178955]
[59.50223159790039]
[0.07166177034378052]
[4.269552230834961]
[1.1440128087997437]
[1.8421837091445923]
[0.8994601368904114]
[0.018602412194013596]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.8526169061660767]
[1.1433242559432983]
[0.7349270582199097]
[201.42074584960938]
[0.21768638491630554]
[0.4342231750488281]
[0.5756644606590271]
[6.065999984741211]
[1.7156902551651]
[0.6533427238464355]
[0.20405177772045135]
[17.895244598388672]
[10.467037200927734]
[5.591803073883057]
[0.19004708528518677]
[0.05841858312487602]
[0.27565932273864746]
[2.2470710277557373]
[0.2470034658908844]
[0.29579752683639526]
[2.432888984680176]
[3.9201858043670654]
[0.27574145793914795]
[0.14073963463306427]
[0.06329599767923355]
[7.195041656494141]
[0.04947846755385399]
[391.1453552246094]
[0.9038969278335571]
[20.020980834960938]
[2464.370849609375]
[0.0478660874068737]
[6.123898506164551]
[0.055852845311164856]
[3.925696611404419]
[110.3011703491211]
[975.2066650390625]
[16.271108627319336]
[47.255409240722656]
[1.5842809677124023]
[20.262544631958008]
[0.1749245971441269]
[1.1089625358581543]
[443.2212829589844]
[2.3022992610931396]
[35.2452507019043]
[0.14158684015274048]
[15.425370216369629]
[21.624122619628906]
[0.30761390924453735]
[0.10844005644321442]
[467.50030517578125]
[9.857442855834961]
[1.2093534469604492]
[5.134526252746582]
[0.18754346668720245]
[2.509976863861084]
[0.4239765405654907]
[12.346822738647461]
[9.321621894836426]
[28.82500648498535]
[16.35003089904785]
[16.92998695373535]
[775.1874389648438]
[10.469841003417969]
[1.8820321559906006]
[1.5564302206039429]
[0.20820817351341248]
[1061.8291015625]
[0.2904720902442932]
[2.720663547515869]
[1.3519692420959473]
[4.433172702789307]
[20.2553653717041]
[0.6884045600891113]
[17.310222625732422]
[0.6962471008300781]
[20.241025924682617]
[0.14460048079490662]
[15.805278778076172]
[4.076347827911377]
[0.19673185050487518]
[6.7150373458862305]
[145.1698760986328]
[9.05655574798584]
[0.9691203832626343]
[0.21597442030906677]
[0.28109532594680786]
[0.608195424079895]
[0.15660957992076874]
[3.5738370418548584]
[27.531232833862305]
[69.75991821289062]
[98.22879791259766]
[0.09287351369857788]
[0.28317347168922424]
[17.464624404907227]
[2.3839099407196045]
[0.7489627599716187]
[0.7417215704917908]
[0.10770770162343979]
[3.575427532196045]
[0.6716299653053284]
[0.13127373158931732]
[1.379594087600708]
[5.507776260375977]
[2.2609870433807373]
[0.4051154851913452]
[0.06735874712467194]
[0.023971278220415115]
[0.4463469982147217]
[1.0249680280685425]
[0.14618052542209625]
[0.24922706186771393]
[2157.248779296875]
[1707.9083251953125]
[0.10117162019014359]
[0.09583456069231033]
[0.8395476341247559]
[1.5692684650421143]
[8.5014009475708]
[0.5038976669311523]
[19.90338897705078]
[0.21186500787734985]
[2.1893136501312256]
[309.1966552734375]
[40.123809814453125]
[7.305561065673828]
[9.628545761108398]
[0.3399121165275574]
[1.820513129234314]
[0.214109405875206]
[0.14785359799861908]
[0.13432344794273376]
[2.4378814697265625]
[1.2248661518096924]
[1.9981399774551392]
[2.175260066986084]
[1.956505298614502]
[1.7038335800170898]
[0.019727397710084915]
[2.401475191116333]
[1.7684482336044312]
[0.8866347670555115]
[63.78900909423828]
[3.2987003326416016]
[2.4385645389556885]
[1.5395936965942383]
[29.527667999267578]
[0.12761209905147552]
[6.558639049530029]
[17.343154907226562]
[0.19711069762706757]
[2.907031536102295]
[583.63037109375]
[0.06718646734952927]
[24.503799438476562]
[1868.41064453125]
[258.40057373046875]
[31.736854553222656]
[0.28822994232177734]
[0.030709071084856987]
[4.821170806884766]
[0.1826212853193283]
[1.951114535331726]
[0.1380462795495987]
[0.13804632425308228]
[1.6728317737579346]
[0.5269564986228943]
[7.051584243774414]
[0.27295660972595215]
[6.0089006423950195]
[0.2973705530166626]
[0.8933930993080139]
[2.2365119457244873]
[0.564427375793457]
[18.6828670501709]
[11.436317443847656]
[27.777570724487305]
[255.3798065185547]
[2.538860559463501]
[0.13396114110946655]
[44.1592903137207]
[0.08824887126684189]
[0.45258763432502747]
[4.074644565582275]
[2.984180212020874]
[0.13801777362823486]
[12.106451034545898]
[0.07025185972452164]
[0.12615033984184265]
[0.01707518845796585]
[0.27468210458755493]
[0.20809529721736908]
[0.19911059737205505]
[1.5138806104660034]
[0.2763124108314514]
[2.8947179317474365]
[0.13569670915603638]
[0.21456806361675262]
[0.13130737841129303]
[0.01381092332303524]
[0.4507201910018921]
[3.2177491188049316]
[0.39991745352745056]
[0.21198226511478424]
[0.10744795203208923]
[0.7400657534599304]
[0.09779467433691025]
[0.6522366404533386]
[0.10459738969802856]
[11.442264556884766]
[1.1314419507980347]
[1.9454399347305298]
[2.3696932792663574]
[0.8524953722953796]
[0.6278255581855774]
[0.3963794708251953]
[74.02249145507812]
[0.30131995677948]
[0.1921057105064392]
[0.2015478014945984]
[2.782759189605713]
[1303.9866943359375]
[0.8488872647285461]
[86.93348693847656]
[0.08720465749502182]
[0.09205687791109085]
[0.26944950222969055]
[22.4685001373291]
[0.14222705364227295]
[13007.0146484375]
[4.069366931915283]
[4.160655975341797]
[119.45752716064453]
[0.10353530198335648]
[2.7329483032226562]
[8.983314514160156]
[8.719954490661621]
[5.312699794769287]
[7.457366466522217]
[0.8052746057510376]
[5.484858989715576]
[40.08512496948242]
[0.1852921098470688]
[38.88076400756836]
[1.7909533977508545]
[0.21914517879486084]
[2.9223761558532715]
[12.572741508483887]
[12.007451057434082]
[1.0361706018447876]
[880.4971923828125]
[12.717227935791016]
[2.260662317276001]
[50.52237319946289]
[20.275423049926758]
[8.7918119430542]
[15957.6728515625]
[43.240142822265625]
[149.42410278320312]
[0.2611362338066101]
[43.05210876464844]
[212.8489227294922]
[0.6337759494781494]
[13.518477439880371]
[5.009997367858887]
[2.6314220428466797]
[0.9176531434059143]
[3.0115692615509033]
[11.123063087463379]
[14.457206726074219]
[1.8250603675842285]
[6.1089396476745605]
[0.6823852062225342]
[1.7870289087295532]
[9.962413787841797]
[1.7722718715667725]
[11.808341026306152]
[0.0651978850364685]
[0.33415892720222473]
[8.69360065460205]
[0.28209465742111206]
[0.4597029983997345]
[9.26115894317627]
[4.38360595703125]
[2.339372396469116]
[34.072933197021484]
[102.16668701171875]
[1.1791496276855469]
[2.1879539489746094]
[48.00210952758789]
[0.3549269437789917]
[0.7840640544891357]
[16.083314895629883]
[0.39071643352508545]
[87.80940246582031]
[6.485752582550049]
[10.078951835632324]
[62.28538131713867]
[2.2295448780059814]
[15.16580581665039]
[17.639511108398438]
[4.078639984130859]
[5.7715744972229]
[304.9479675292969]
[0.14365950226783752]
[3.609755754470825]
[3.455742835998535]
[1.913945198059082]
[0.3280653655529022]
[0.24704690277576447]
[25.651081085205078]
[8.832764625549316]
[0.1588687002658844]
[0.5235905647277832]
[0.19727718830108643]
[27.5573673248291]
[0.15940725803375244]
[2.8082876205444336]
[11.438362121582031]
[11.515920639038086]
[0.4450446367263794]
[1.2671988010406494]
[39.310794830322266]
[0.3891006410121918]
[1.7321553230285645]
[0.11632628738880157]
[2.0890235900878906]
[0.8601882457733154]
[107.81709289550781]
[0.26695334911346436]
[173.36839294433594]
[0.1403616964817047]
[1.8572574853897095]
[39.75425720214844]
[2.0677847862243652]
[42.652565002441406]
[30.38222885131836]
[0.17504221200942993]
[260.5123291015625]
[2.65095591545105]
[4.059613227844238]
[1.576442003250122]
[0.2777809798717499]
[0.9357970356941223]
[0.1248650997877121]
[0.25899502635002136]
[2.3975589275360107]
[1.676977515220642]
[0.13419906795024872]
[0.6385682225227356]
[1.3955063819885254]
[0.1360308974981308]
[75835.984375]
[0.1383650004863739]
[2.3153374195098877]
[3.142995834350586]
[4.834558486938477]
[1.3330310583114624]
[0.9721240997314453]
[2.3359127044677734]
[2.1377670764923096]
[1.3370665311813354]
[152.67514038085938]
[0.23778890073299408]
[0.7872848510742188]
[64.87138366699219]
[1.951144814491272]
[4.493936061859131]
[55.49861145019531]
[16.29891014099121]
[2.2210636138916016]
[3.2494897842407227]
[34.98583221435547]
[11.191936492919922]
[4.681714057922363]
[10.388575553894043]
[0.8855676054954529]
[30.580419540405273]
[51.6366081237793]
[1.0457512140274048]
[147.17074584960938]
[578.413818359375]
[6.340061664581299]
[1.4997379779815674]
[2.725057601928711]
[588.1365356445312]
[14.660078048706055]
[0.751372218132019]
[0.8801857233047485]
[7.2707014083862305]
[0.22867262363433838]
[10.516273498535156]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.12225723266601562]
[19.0814208984375]
[26.490659713745117]
[2.907144546508789]
[4.764463424682617]
[24.790006637573242]
[0.5309091806411743]
[5.544958114624023]
[334.22418212890625]
[0.7598108649253845]
[0.20101913809776306]
[1.796878695487976]
[92.97332763671875]
[40.50115203857422]
[19.550613403320312]
[15.298521995544434]
[0.7939687371253967]
[28.208595275878906]
[951.2920532226562]
[15.08401107788086]
[16.327598571777344]
[0.5883069038391113]
[86.89794921875]
[44.4222297668457]
[0.18452510237693787]
[9.275382041931152]
[22.251562118530273]
[0.31392383575439453]
[0.783470094203949]
[1.1136460304260254]
[75.2865219116211]
[104.59358215332031]
[2.996401071548462]
[225.5136260986328]
[3.1898181438446045]
[4.732325553894043]
[80.20124816894531]
[2.9401488304138184]
[0.25847315788269043]
[1.7217596769332886]
[1.9607141017913818]
[39.551273345947266]
[2.100830554962158]
[534.844482421875]
[2.5132358074188232]
[0.47422003746032715]
[322.3619384765625]
[0.6411585807800293]
[657.8820190429688]
[1.9641302824020386]
[54.46491622924805]
[156.0798797607422]
[26.0949764251709]
[1.1218621730804443]
[0.2524518072605133]
[9.852934837341309]
[0.3033124804496765]
[2.056469678878784]
[1.5098283290863037]
[0.4714156985282898]
[14.187483787536621]
[20.92293930053711]
[1795.1719970703125]
[0.6214042901992798]
[4.3597211837768555]
[2.7658748626708984]
[1.0434699058532715]
[0.27532097697257996]
[1.7153147459030151]
[8.870079040527344]
[2.1635191440582275]
[1.7668095827102661]
[0.16141410171985626]
[2.5356552600860596]
[0.5699775218963623]
[9.724852561950684]
[4.250436782836914]
[8.720203399658203]
[9.127680778503418]
[8.709607124328613]
[15.503430366516113]
[0.25100401043891907]
[64.35922241210938]
[1.9824763536453247]
[18.585264205932617]
[15.51431655883789]
[0.137445867061615]
[36.89314651489258]
[0.2683585286140442]
[35.66948318481445]
[0.14084571599960327]
[5.2420172691345215]
[3.6981618404388428]
[8.0690336227417]
[8.035313606262207]
[52.03428268432617]
[0.15597683191299438]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.15250296890735626]
[0.29189613461494446]
[4.936648368835449]
[1.661734938621521]
[23.172714233398438]
[11.930000305175781]
[0.03075125254690647]
[0.033471595495939255]
[0.5115059614181519]
[18.29291343688965]
[26.014293670654297]
[106.14300537109375]
[1.3401449918746948]
[14.748042106628418]
[8.429490089416504]
[0.18345607817173004]
[41.74821472167969]
[5.413257598876953]
[0.19336557388305664]
[0.5915346741676331]
[59.5926399230957]
[0.12620365619659424]
[17.339712142944336]
[0.12973065674304962]
[93.21672058105469]
[30.707754135131836]
[3848.832763671875]
[22.434114456176758]
[7.13169002532959]
[3.3742835521698]
[0.43774914741516113]
[0.12204188108444214]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[17.3475341796875]
[0.6406135559082031]
[5.222170352935791]
[0.48466071486473083]
[4.841925144195557]
[25.470556259155273]
[0.8630640506744385]
[0.1704721450805664]
[0.09263715147972107]
[0.4491533935070038]
[1.4594321250915527]
[0.23043787479400635]
[0.28030768036842346]
[0.15811286866664886]
[0.48212066292762756]
[2.0555412769317627]
[1404.4866943359375]
[3.102698564529419]
[0.9313334822654724]
[20.210712432861328]
[0.2561679184436798]
[3.560929775238037]
[86.42554473876953]
[0.47460994124412537]
[0.28681090474128723]
[0.0890272930264473]
[1.0228686332702637]
[0.3562041223049164]
[204.21363830566406]
[0.4784630239009857]
[0.23292988538742065]
[229.2210693359375]
[0.09295797348022461]
[6.790876388549805]
[1.4807580709457397]
[1.6460719108581543]
[13.783692359924316]
[6.442054271697998]
[0.12515948712825775]
[0.7364037036895752]
[2.6899731159210205]
[54.65153503417969]
[0.16997911036014557]
[0.022237010300159454]
[4.372237205505371]
[9.883001327514648]
[0.6695889830589294]
[1.6709023714065552]
[36.515419006347656]
[1.6482408046722412]
[9.708597183227539]
[394.1650390625]
[19.600648880004883]
[3.347841501235962]
[5.779087066650391]
[0.7174064517021179]
[0.7640864849090576]
[2.505483865737915]
[4.207577228546143]
[281.6019287109375]
[0.2753439247608185]
[0.8621047139167786]
[2.596587896347046]
[1.81365966796875]
[1.4419440031051636]
[8.692557334899902]
[0.25169622898101807]
[0.6087668538093567]
[24769.125]
[3.7839574813842773]
[4.61740255355835]
[0.2929971218109131]
[0.19687728583812714]
[26.318603515625]
[27.49652671813965]
[9.127413749694824]
[2.4826881885528564]
[1.9469048976898193]
[31.808656692504883]
[0.5240976214408875]
[308.1903381347656]
[26.287099838256836]
[191.89389038085938]
[3.4314098358154297]
[16.21160125732422]
[1.3400300741195679]
[90.9609146118164]
[1.824312448501587]
[14.577523231506348]
[471.0367431640625]
[45.42326736450195]
[9.245967864990234]
[153.8917999267578]
[1.9377186298370361]
[4.145279884338379]
[0.7592591047286987]
[36.85041427612305]
[53.93598556518555]
[0.68205726146698]
[1.1943494081497192]
[319.3133239746094]
[113.75264739990234]
[3.6790273189544678]
[0.6028520464897156]
[17.36292266845703]
[103.1292953491211]
[14.139822959899902]
[10.01697063446045]
[0.475350022315979]
[64.7381820678711]
[0.7791009545326233]
[1.913023829460144]
[0.2232159972190857]
[12.691276550292969]
[107.73423767089844]
[2.9050698280334473]
[0.4558182954788208]
[212.02862548828125]
[0.37576577067375183]
[30.99079132080078]
[11.94640827178955]
[53.147483825683594]
[2.786619186401367]
[0.9167636632919312]
[8.025094032287598]
[9.240483283996582]
[15.099652290344238]
[5.838821887969971]
[4.697022438049316]
[19.850299835205078]
[85.70201873779297]
[1.8613295555114746]
[0.3770742118358612]
[9.421009063720703]
[1.128358006477356]
[2.381673812866211]
[8.739750862121582]
[0.03812338411808014]
[99.00988006591797]
[1.7048283815383911]
[147.45315551757812]
[0.6657893657684326]
[0.28179749846458435]
[0.2804560661315918]
[0.6721392273902893]
[75.11732482910156]
[28.089597702026367]
[0.1845581978559494]
[0.3108764588832855]
[0.6405527591705322]
[9.698232650756836]
[21.203014373779297]
[229.32534790039062]
[0.2737814486026764]
[1698.013427734375]
[0.9047175049781799]
[0.48603495955467224]
[23.681997299194336]
[4.406661033630371]
[0.20703081786632538]
[1.5098286867141724]
[20.13512420654297]
[2.5893609523773193]
[2.422642707824707]
[17.286876678466797]
[22.01125717163086]
[0.14169567823410034]
[0.19322210550308228]
[0.12605920433998108]
[7.40262508392334]
[0.2694076895713806]
[0.10472050309181213]
[48.872520446777344]
[1.6009721755981445]
[6.828394889831543]
[49.77191925048828]
[6.868436336517334]
[50.3180046081543]
[0.7810109853744507]
[13.853554725646973]
[0.18411682546138763]
[10.396212577819824]
[0.13193854689598083]
[0.7787078022956848]
[12.22941780090332]
[1.3634830713272095]
[6.802189826965332]
[11.73427963256836]
[6.56015157699585]
[9.950933456420898]
[6.705391883850098]
[0.17027458548545837]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[1.2930773496627808]
[0.4542136490345001]
[24.307903289794922]
[3.7957160472869873]
[10.93515396118164]
[10.102261543273926]
[0.8988950252532959]
[336.5605163574219]
[0.06986620277166367]
[0.7548396587371826]
[9.587089538574219]
[0.10707275569438934]
[1.3545596599578857]
[0.6126766800880432]
[48.51389694213867]
[2.84487247467041]
[18.397735595703125]
[2.9878475666046143]
[0.17734794318675995]
[0.06810113042593002]
[1.1243937015533447]
[1.500197172164917]
[0.06166170910000801]
[370.32269287109375]
[0.1220891922712326]
[0.12597337365150452]
[17.14565658569336]
[77.82072448730469]
[0.12942655384540558]
[0.13640271127223969]
[0.12110765278339386]
[11.184499740600586]
conversion error
conversion error
[45.71780776977539]
[6.798163414001465]
[16.709135055541992]
[373.4837646484375]
[0.09254074096679688]
[0.12656491994857788]
[114.0014877319336]
[11.13254165649414]
[349.1141662597656]
[0.09297177195549011]
[43.44297409057617]
[1.0837308168411255]
[0.3581312596797943]
[6.212367057800293]
[0.12643001973628998]
[0.08876907080411911]
[22.70184898376465]
[5.584252834320068]
[2.3650405406951904]
[0.09325136989355087]
[7.2693705558776855]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.6269088983535767]
[1.7138906717300415]
[0.07693813741207123]
[19.47330665588379]
[1.1948230266571045]
[104.89783477783203]
[0.06458784639835358]
[0.5329078435897827]
[65.24996185302734]
[0.10926881432533264]
[0.17700685560703278]
[5.977964401245117]
[0.8902900218963623]
[78.07617950439453]
[7.09416389465332]
[6.09104061126709]
[1.226655125617981]
[259.4997863769531]
[100.68035888671875]
[0.20912230014801025]
[4.746826171875]
[0.18926258385181427]
[4.772253513336182]
[0.42643189430236816]
[8.679204940795898]
[0.08555600792169571]
[1.7022889852523804]
[1.0840455293655396]
[3.910369634628296]
[297.0970764160156]
[0.3285774886608124]
[0.15889163315296173]
[1.0124632120132446]
[0.36151638627052307]
[0.006314394995570183]
[0.12806302309036255]
[70.15238952636719]
[0.0678272694349289]
[0.9164948463439941]
[0.00889870710670948]
[0.06523942202329636]
[0.06991346180438995]
[0.44329753518104553]
[2.2770862579345703]
[0.47324851155281067]
[32.95024108886719]
[0.23312395811080933]
[31.409059524536133]
[0.0658622682094574]
[0.764171302318573]
[3.8828916549682617]
[0.1341688185930252]
[2.5692806243896484]
[2.3032708168029785]
[2.2698159217834473]
[0.4509110152721405]
[7.5390944480896]
[2.8273699283599854]
[69.54505157470703]
[0.010884174145758152]
[2.077224016189575]
[0.5937367081642151]
[4.245694160461426]
[4.2003865242004395]
[0.27411383390426636]
[26.57706069946289]
[1.7741923332214355]
[0.4618351459503174]
[0.05314275249838829]
[0.6476302146911621]
[0.12423351407051086]
[0.2795759439468384]
[16.075763702392578]
[2.27071213722229]
[279.7696228027344]
[1.824405550956726]
[5.877033710479736]
[0.2940391004085541]
[2.2627646923065186]
[10.17813777923584]
[0.05348515510559082]
[0.1870984435081482]
[0.05346284434199333]
[69.99250030517578]
[9.488744735717773]
[4.50369119644165]
[0.30068302154541016]
[13.592573165893555]
[0.4169253408908844]
[0.10081657767295837]
[0.2910485863685608]
[6.017055511474609]
[0.44746577739715576]
[0.05629683658480644]
[0.8011793494224548]
[69.41992950439453]
[10.027669906616211]
[2.0095138549804688]
[0.2211875319480896]
[0.5032339096069336]
[2.6304099559783936]
[0.22594650089740753]
[0.5243261456489563]
[0.8545121550559998]
[0.05708383023738861]
[5.831491470336914]
[5.472651481628418]
[0.34089595079421997]
[5.816341400146484]
[13.67419719696045]
[0.10028993338346481]
[87.62396240234375]
[0.06053893640637398]
[182.45596313476562]
[1.0032131671905518]
[18.346921920776367]
[9.595030784606934]
[0.020744051784276962]
[2.660881757736206]
[9.811551094055176]
[1.1498602628707886]
[287.7606201171875]
[111.23503112792969]
[1.4818671941757202]
[0.024853771552443504]
[0.009001913480460644]
[0.45817098021507263]
[23.347824096679688]
[5.625223159790039]
[0.06676872074604034]
[0.0640464574098587]
[6.306612014770508]
[0.2010400891304016]
[0.060738906264305115]
[0.11837264895439148]
[0.34483692049980164]
[0.0717066079378128]
[0.37292781472206116]
[10.29417610168457]
[0.314852237701416]
[121.5903549194336]
[0.29834499955177307]
[0.1449742317199707]
[0.3456747531890869]
[5.478726863861084]
[2269.60595703125]
[0.6033252477645874]
[0.11431632936000824]
[2.326578140258789]
[29.200767517089844]
[0.7342727184295654]
[0.06389155983924866]
[15.670659065246582]
[9.732887268066406]
[3.5936713218688965]
[1.6262032985687256]
[68.75349426269531]
[0.05414116382598877]
[21.724313735961914]
[18.30478858947754]
[1.6597557067871094]
[9.940654754638672]
[19.303586959838867]
[27.105941772460938]
[6.052340030670166]
[0.15839296579360962]
[26.453248977661133]
[3.439915180206299]
[0.367319256067276]
[0.12665200233459473]
[236.92855834960938]
[2.696035146713257]
[0.4504666030406952]
[9.0378999710083]
[0.42780715227127075]
[0.4424305260181427]
[26.419021606445312]
[0.12641176581382751]
[0.004581386223435402]
[0.06465885788202286]
[1.657443881034851]
[0.11254657804965973]
[6.006217002868652]
[0.09183628857135773]
[0.05223582684993744]
[19.167980194091797]
[0.7481383681297302]
[1.4482051134109497]
[0.2655271589756012]
[2.5050742626190186]
[0.05548820644617081]
[0.05606142431497574]
[2.0104262828826904]
[0.13335171341896057]
[2.320951461791992]
[114.25517272949219]
[0.15058699250221252]
[2.311769962310791]
[1.8609620332717896]
[0.19956129789352417]
[8.584692001342773]
[1.1099917888641357]
[0.4662263095378876]
[0.0744311586022377]
[23.28369140625]
[0.125419020652771]
[0.05845417454838753]
[6.589634418487549]
[0.019918162375688553]
[31.906770706176758]
[0.22824755311012268]
[0.07994338124990463]
[0.06287956982851028]
[0.41020721197128296]
[0.6279333829879761]
[36.741519927978516]
[1.3441771268844604]
[0.06598307192325592]
[0.5441723465919495]
[3.1765267848968506]
[0.3967084586620331]
[17.59996795654297]
[0.1378438025712967]
[5.998203754425049]
[17.39580535888672]
[2.594754695892334]
[0.08144643157720566]
[16.169288635253906]
[0.9857439398765564]
[1.9412835836410522]
[1.7544677257537842]
[0.007931890897452831]
[0.2424815148115158]
[0.0289421658962965]
[2.222749948501587]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[11.212563514709473]
[0.2213507890701294]
[0.10784892737865448]
[5.8172173500061035]
[0.008780148811638355]
[0.7317687273025513]
[2.2992119789123535]
[6.872521877288818]
[8.423192977905273]
[0.18622329831123352]
[0.7551228404045105]
[0.18366868793964386]
[0.7325305938720703]
[1.0940033197402954]
[5.789915561676025]
[0.24801956117153168]
[25.977750778198242]
[0.09814117103815079]
[0.16884441673755646]
[13.43347454071045]
[0.18816415965557098]
[0.07454825192689896]
[0.1251508593559265]
[2.8437304496765137]
[0.25232449173927307]
[4.562750339508057]
[0.9606280326843262]
[1.7928966283798218]
[0.2562183439731598]
[0.6706178188323975]
[0.17479397356510162]
[1.4753985404968262]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[16.935102462768555]
[31.429397583007812]
[0.027569882571697235]
[0.15525628626346588]
[11.917845726013184]
[0.1065138727426529]
[3739.8447265625]
[0.07201021164655685]
[0.7528468370437622]
[21.134899139404297]
[0.154405876994133]
[9.677865982055664]
[2.3483171463012695]
[2.1410274505615234]
[0.4982284903526306]
[13.710834503173828]
[0.25952956080436707]
[0.11679339408874512]
[0.1848457008600235]
[5.137025833129883]
[0.16040325164794922]
[1386.27294921875]
[0.392951101064682]
[0.21744923293590546]
[0.14283062517642975]
[0.14959286153316498]
[1.5505207777023315]
[0.10274121910333633]
[2.7311437129974365]
[1.7246731519699097]
[21.184083938598633]
[1.1430840492248535]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion errordeployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[1.086738109588623]
[0.029002336785197258]
[0.6474800109863281]
[0.2979152202606201]
[0.18665897846221924]
[0.09171918034553528]
[15.875336647033691]
[7.156487464904785]
[1.0165594816207886]
[0.26249200105667114]
[3.3013625144958496]
[0.3645794987678528]
[60.653446197509766]
[1.7718838453292847]
[5.121768951416016]
[65.70124816894531]
[3.968123197555542]
[5.698416233062744]
[0.09545071423053741]
[2.5907142162323]
[0.270874947309494]
[2.2832820415496826]
[0.6714513897895813]
[19.910816192626953]
[0.3021140992641449]
[0.26049891114234924]
[101.8980941772461]
[0.03110620193183422]
[0.009847051464021206]
[0.18487897515296936]
[6.4047369956970215]
[6.6277594566345215]
[1081.99755859375]
[0.1060662642121315]
[3.535759687423706]
[3.542405366897583]
[2.188044309616089]
[3.734046220779419]
[0.23177270591259003]
[35.63178634643555]
[0.11757958680391312]
[6.082927227020264]
[0.40228766202926636]
[0.1484067291021347]
[0.11906351894140244]
[0.302330881357193]
[2.6748900413513184]
[11.955370903015137]
[0.015911806374788284]
[0.12828005850315094]
[0.7911058664321899]
[8.829144477844238]
[0.016577284783124924]
[2.19124436378479]
[2.0903499126434326]
[15.443624496459961]
[0.6734881401062012]
[12.75062370300293]
[0.13210925459861755]
[0.14308911561965942]
[6.003790855407715]
[0.8096229434013367]
[1.6040562391281128]
[0.12954393029212952]
[0.14377418160438538]
[222.99966430664062]
[0.17514319717884064]
[0.01575050875544548]
[0.088813416659832]
[0.022373095154762268]
[15.217656135559082]
[0.11155975610017776]
[11.49107551574707]
[4.487485408782959]
[1.8437381982803345]
[0.1493944227695465]
[1.7435345649719238]
[0.14436596632003784]
[0.18643692135810852]
[0.1372896432876587]
[0.20320230722427368]
[0.17892184853553772]
[0.15926648676395416]
[0.13048917055130005]
[7.657623767852783]
[0.19518013298511505]
[0.2789349853992462]
[35.86167907714844]
[0.09925263375043869]
[0.3472607731819153]
[0.12004583328962326]
[0.15832866728305817]
[60.109214782714844]
[0.22018055617809296]
[314.52435302734375]
[0.02073540724813938]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.1130487322807312]
[198.6819305419922]
[3.559860944747925]
[4.719517230987549]
[0.9869197010993958]
[0.39354485273361206]
[4584.45947265625]
[0.2562171518802643]
[2.2967946529388428]
[4.6112141609191895]
[0.12667174637317657]
[0.907127857208252]
[0.19113120436668396]
[0.1487649381160736]
[0.1129850372672081]
[0.12243353575468063]
[0.37341946363449097]
[0.3254527151584625]
[4.789656639099121]
[0.08726074546575546]
[0.18530899286270142]
[0.25897568464279175]
[0.7616565823554993]
[2.0045289993286133]
[1.0122054815292358]
[0.02227732166647911]
[1.1610236167907715]
[10.020663261413574]
[0.09952634572982788]
[0.09863980114459991]
[15.6442289352417]
[0.5977277755737305]
[0.1839979887008667]
[0.34921199083328247]
[0.4647417366504669]
[0.2926536500453949]
[11.764507293701172]
[0.24276317656040192]
[0.12561249732971191]
[0.26456570625305176]
[0.3600185513496399]
[5.454049110412598]
[0.15519551932811737]
[0.12930524349212646]
[2.0860402584075928]
[4.877967834472656]
[0.0875687524676323]
[0.6783806681632996]
[0.34030643105506897]
[6.902164459228516]
[0.10747703909873962]
[0.525844395160675]
[0.27074751257896423]
[0.05992528796195984]
[0.090674489736557]
[1.6784776449203491]
[0.2704513669013977]
[0.2593250870704651]
[0.4261455833911896]
[0.6161993741989136]
[0.10798662900924683]
[0.3507611155509949]
[0.648566484451294]
[15.321671485900879]
[0.12675461173057556]
[1.6681758165359497]
[0.15038113296031952]
[0.0864422395825386]
[1.895258903503418]
[3.750964403152466]
[2.687826633453369]
[11.591522216796875]
[4.078773021697998]
[0.09895511716604233]
[0.17776277661323547]
[5.828670501708984]
[0.3166917562484741]
[0.336563378572464]
[0.14794525504112244]
[0.2973906993865967]
[0.10233282297849655]
[102.85205078125]
[0.2472999542951584]
[0.07847447693347931]
[1.0591824054718018]
[0.27116820216178894]
[0.0934930294752121]
[35.73619079589844]
[1.0800621509552002]
[0.1814529448747635]
[0.07244374603033066]
[0.01161299366503954]
[2.0326359272003174]
[1.081635594367981]
[0.14225780963897705]
[76.04313659667969]
[5.923181533813477]
[1004.89501953125]
[21.28853988647461]
[2.715634822845459]
[1.764278769493103]
[100.6729507446289]
[0.0661773756146431]
[0.06659246236085892]
[1.0970124006271362]
[0.2682177424430847]
[403.7030334472656]
[0.08256147056818008]
[0.18769678473472595]
[0.24295642971992493]
[0.18650710582733154]
[0.895996630191803]
[0.5453304052352905]
[105.40742492675781]
[0.276233971118927]
[1.11676824092865]
[0.15461334586143494]
[0.36396902799606323]
[0.06983602792024612]
[0.07395517081022263]
[0.17812828719615936]
[0.8854906558990479]
[105.82720947265625]
[2.1244149208068848]
[3.1498467922210693]
[414.59320068359375]
[30.9991512298584]
[0.24695807695388794]
[3.7488176822662354]
[0.11159157007932663]
[5.725667953491211]
[0.20256860554218292]
[0.10054323822259903]
[2.464099407196045]
[0.08928026258945465]
[0.38220128417015076]
[1.608341932296753]
[0.1397707611322403]
[0.6675715446472168]
[0.025593342259526253]
[0.27027633786201477]
[1.209350347518921]
[1.212716817855835]
[0.23361867666244507]
[0.4880772829055786]
[0.4073084890842438]
[2.1913902759552]
[448.0430908203125]
[2.2782959938049316]
[0.4182542562484741]
[2.8745670318603516]
[0.18009237945079803]
[0.3342359662055969]
[3.751964807510376]
[4.2591986656188965]
[0.07417668402194977]
[0.5997335314750671]
[0.06796004623174667]
[1.5623500347137451]
[0.5300329327583313]
[0.43583378195762634]
[2.242166757583618]
[4.865823268890381]
[0.0992484763264656]
[5.827983856201172]
[0.8712983727455139]
[0.09859588742256165]
[29.80697250366211]
[0.44888079166412354]
[0.12209714204072952]
[12.48714828491211]
[308.5324401855469]
[0.23777860403060913]
[1.331751823425293]
[0.13527582585811615]
[0.08055222779512405]
[5.462519645690918]
[0.3353348672389984]
[0.5213415622711182]
[10.880274772644043]
[170.39088439941406]
[0.20160557329654694]
[2.153254747390747]
[0.25459209084510803]
[0.16327209770679474]
[0.1062101200222969]
[0.2332768589258194]
[1.5803916454315186]
[0.2506283223628998]
[2.0909347534179688]
[0.0809154286980629]
[0.13970038294792175]
[0.4480530619621277]
[148.13339233398438]
[0.19321586191654205]
[43.89329528808594]
[4.45794153213501]
[12.444258689880371]
[0.3726253807544708]
[49.62923812866211]
[2.6201488971710205]
[0.0217147059738636]
[178.9390106201172]
[0.2268999069929123]
[0.7237546443939209]
[0.14336977899074554]
[0.25525668263435364]
[0.5914233922958374]
[0.19627948105335236]
[0.02699543721973896]
[0.07275258749723434]
[0.10864495486021042]
[0.3091641068458557]
[2.024467706680298]
[1.318436861038208]
[0.6048848032951355]
[1542.15087890625]
[0.06522932648658752]
[0.0650799348950386]
[2.121328353881836]
[0.011823071166872978]
[2.6363446712493896]
[0.16636468470096588]
[0.5187715291976929]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.007976843975484371]
[1.189229130744934]
[0.11814311146736145]
[5.580006122589111]
[0.006779258139431477]
[0.10397738218307495]
[1.1755363941192627]
[0.27231863141059875]
[3.324923038482666]
[0.10941167920827866]
[1.979178786277771]
[6.792847156524658]
[166.2753448486328]
[32.97080993652344]
[0.19411388039588928]
[0.18290328979492188]
[0.2858181297779083]
[0.171857550740242]
[0.4462575614452362]
[0.2405473291873932]
[0.3693072497844696]
[1.0245695114135742]
[1.195144772529602]
[0.06710254400968552]
[0.1854090541601181]
[15.041289329528809]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.8358631134033203]
[2.754786729812622]
[854.2306518554688]
[0.6296858787536621]
[0.41853195428848267]
[14.247901916503906]
[0.06511729210615158]
[273.73681640625]
[0.19878354668617249]
[5.503670692443848]
[0.29106202721595764]
[59.36396408081055]
[64.2627944946289]
[0.23202049732208252]
[1.236761450767517]
[21.74614906311035]
[0.3450753092765808]
[0.2856520712375641]
[4.540097236633301]
[0.04257011413574219]
[0.14937740564346313]
[0.29269999265670776]
[2.4016547203063965]
[0.22871792316436768]
[4.689452648162842]
[0.7174302935600281]
[0.019007962197065353]
[0.031622957438230515]
[0.1218094751238823]
[0.12617628276348114]
[0.10314427316188812]
[0.5026730298995972]
[0.18977750837802887]
[6.510995388031006]
[0.20859065651893616]
[0.08427058160305023]
[0.0762280821800232]
[0.5606595873832703]
[0.34267136454582214]
[0.16842932999134064]
[0.01974230818450451]
[194.19830322265625]
[0.10421460121870041]
[1.2942866086959839]
[0.4092886447906494]
[0.685219943523407]
[0.27182283997535706]
[0.015989303588867188]
[2.307225227355957]
[1.5354756116867065]
[0.13697053492069244]
[0.23796434700489044]
[0.07776810973882675]
[14.360557556152344]
[0.6413381099700928]
[1.540435791015625]
[0.21907545626163483]
[0.2114829272031784]
[0.2406284213066101]
[0.16624723374843597]
[10.019824028015137]
[0.34452304244041443]
[0.17313434183597565]
[1.5394879579544067]
[0.15587936341762543]
[0.3953031599521637]
[0.19428081810474396]
[0.8602545261383057]
[0.09335363656282425]
[20.23641586303711]
[24.73896026611328]
[5.652215480804443]
[2.096773147583008]
[6.877725124359131]
[14.30738639831543]
[0.4840081036090851]
[0.25923952460289]
[0.3444819748401642]
[0.2218092381954193]
[1.9340875148773193]
[0.24793939292430878]
[1.0565786361694336]
[3.3927743434906006]
[11.023585319519043]
[0.2748120427131653]
[1.0701385736465454]
[0.2119872123003006]
[0.04238008335232735]
[0.14747458696365356]
[0.07592672854661942]
[0.06298966705799103]
[21.14816665649414]
[0.499019056558609]
[0.05992583930492401]
[1.551733374595642]
[9.620161056518555]
[1.1087968349456787]
[0.29240331053733826]
[2.0980098247528076]
[0.06104055792093277]
[5.428475856781006]
[1.386096477508545]
[1.1886963844299316]
[0.08625303208827972]
[1.3569656610488892]
[0.16765902936458588]
[0.13848628103733063]
[0.05334433540701866]
[8.502878189086914]
[0.05821595713496208]
[1.364488124847412]
[1.537745475769043]
[412.2099914550781]
[0.1698089838027954]
[43.671443939208984]
[0.29201290011405945]
[0.730357825756073]
[14.27192497253418]
[0.21261976659297943]
[0.5053948163986206]
[0.456553190946579]
[0.459427148103714]
[0.8771856427192688]
[14.406394004821777]
[0.17429685592651367]
[0.38942405581474304]
[0.10633331537246704]
[3.2284750938415527]
[0.22137950360774994]
[0.2877684533596039]
[0.0640389695763588]
[0.1537952572107315]
[26.488235473632812]
[1.9603314399719238]
[0.23307836055755615]
[179.56689453125]
[0.012383529916405678]
[10.948758125305176]
[0.10201433300971985]
[0.06338602304458618]
[0.5579614043235779]
[0.05716252699494362]
[14.2395658493042]
[2.4032769203186035]
[2.0786261558532715]
[0.7627902030944824]
[2.2273168563842773]
[22.799598693847656]
[0.3443116843700409]
[0.2574273943901062]
[0.09823979437351227]
[0.06285050511360168]
[1.529271125793457]
[0.11537793278694153]
[65.81656646728516]
[0.28916510939598083]
[0.11397284269332886]
[0.2770686447620392]
[0.10935492813587189]
[0.33953434228897095]
[0.4892384707927704]
[0.20227424800395966]
[3.8687899112701416]
[0.09075639396905899]
[0.5943958759307861]
[0.0767718032002449]
[2.0397534370422363]
[0.08102279901504517]
[7.468944549560547]
[10.453437805175781]
[0.20973414182662964]
[1.362412452697754]
[0.11970751732587814]
[15.737927436828613]
[0.007361019030213356]
[0.12741756439208984]
[0.24136462807655334]
[0.42021286487579346]
[0.09463521838188171]
[14.286347389221191]
[0.1544427126646042]
[0.6187926530838013]
[20.838367462158203]
[418.9548034667969]
[0.12403461337089539]
[0.06516377627849579]
[3.2401654720306396]
[0.11431888490915298]
[0.2052142471075058]
[0.050325874239206314]
[1.546350121498108]
[21.986474990844727]
[12.601579666137695]
[0.04545829817652702]
[0.11937198042869568]
[5.674203395843506]
[0.048888593912124634]
[0.44654780626296997]
[0.012312991544604301]
[1.8923012018203735]
[0.1648159772157669]
[0.5197028517723083]
[0.18202565610408783]
[0.40371599793434143]
[0.09354880452156067]
[0.3479889929294586]
[0.1353786438703537]
[1.9680601358413696]
[2.7683913707733154]
[375.01605224609375]
[0.4103674292564392]
[0.5608943104743958]
[0.673816978931427]
[0.044927068054676056]
[0.03908569738268852]
[95.51640319824219]
[0.08556556701660156]
[1.3037914037704468]
[0.042559247463941574]
[0.31510844826698303]
[0.039788130670785904]
[2.6149697303771973]
[0.09301949292421341]
[0.12174813449382782]
[0.47997021675109863]
[1.3204535245895386]
[1.0165289640426636]
[0.7122246026992798]
[0.09466756880283356]
[1.1795815229415894]
[2.110811471939087]
[0.04322857782244682]
[0.13786959648132324]
[0.039120275527238846]
[0.10328750312328339]
[0.222997784614563]
[0.10070408135652542]
[2.2684617042541504]
[9.522863388061523]
[0.20033103227615356]
[6.2693047523498535]
[0.10726696252822876]
[10.847930908203125]
[22.17037582397461]
[0.5295557379722595]
[243.86793518066406]
[0.14403405785560608]
[5.5220232009887695]
[0.29980823397636414]
[1.9157851934432983]
[4.467024326324463]
[0.3713776767253876]
[13.833056449890137]
[0.3917407691478729]
[0.09231659024953842]
[0.3705076575279236]
[29.49319076538086]
[0.08245431631803513]
[0.9820777773857117]
[31.631113052368164]
[0.09557339549064636]
[1.014910340309143]
[6.258795261383057]
[0.14708968997001648]
[3.0187180042266846]
[0.46457862854003906]
[1.2538323402404785]
[0.5447485446929932]
[117.50653076171875]
[0.29936453700065613]
[0.1053628996014595]
[15.578579902648926]
[0.5785355567932129]
[0.23693861067295074]
[0.26469966769218445]
[3.8905701637268066]
[2.6448633670806885]
[5.275174140930176]
[0.15289558470249176]
[0.30362269282341003]
[0.31302446126937866]
[0.6227996945381165]
[0.3478483557701111]
[1.0129194259643555]
[0.2464185506105423]
[4.533853530883789]
[6.907017707824707]
[1.2311272621154785]
[2.0835068225860596]
[59.90509796142578]
[0.05986901745200157]
[0.08183703571557999]
[9.044707298278809]
[0.20880697667598724]
[0.2240198701620102]
[0.34929049015045166]
[1.3644300699234009]
[0.0905420109629631]
[1.4218497276306152]
[0.08845209330320358]
[0.12876377999782562]
[0.21451573073863983]
[0.11758634448051453]
[0.010529305785894394]
[1.3943769931793213]
[57.622127532958984]
[0.3941055238246918]
[0.14940398931503296]
[0.09663238376379013]
[0.1792440414428711]
[5.797029495239258]
[0.2158656269311905]
[0.15262840688228607]
[0.2000284045934677]
[0.4570704996585846]
[7.389355659484863]
[869.8831176757812]
[0.12670868635177612]
[0.8316942453384399]
[0.3330751657485962]
[0.5026374459266663]
[0.38664740324020386]
[0.15184812247753143]
[0.8984773755073547]
[0.3210395872592926]
[0.01019125897437334]
[0.1661524921655655]
[0.4526517391204834]
[0.34330153465270996]
[21.452465057373047]
[0.08316313475370407]
[0.6994380950927734]
[0.6891544461250305]
[0.2900157868862152]
[0.5713872909545898]
[17.534975051879883]
[22.953369140625]
[4.2093000411987305]
[13.848355293273926]
[1.3293272256851196]
[0.08095672726631165]
[8.45676040649414]
[2.1509571075439453]
[0.3106653690338135]
[0.1354248821735382]
[21.527070999145508]
[2.6586856842041016]
[22.12057113647461]
[0.4458758533000946]
[5.6190056800842285]
[0.42034927010536194]
[0.1037760078907013]
[1.56939697265625]
[0.164656862616539]
[0.1394324153661728]
[0.43218621611595154]
[0.16895906627178192]
[1.922061562538147]
conversion error
conversion error
[4.91908597946167]
[2.9616804122924805]
[14.251594543457031]
[0.0819452777504921]
[0.38138049840927124]
[0.22803588211536407]
[1.5558102130889893]
[89.4394760131836]
[0.07054347544908524]
[0.35251641273498535]
[1.5480009317398071]
[0.3595656156539917]
[0.2486000955104828]
[0.12670046091079712]
[1.9598861932754517]
[3.766824722290039]
[3.090029716491699]
[0.22007916867733002]
[14.242609024047852]
[0.06715862452983856]
[0.02906004898250103]
[0.8968380093574524]
[0.21918602287769318]
[15.914520263671875]
[14.730759620666504]
[1.2389413118362427]
[1.864303708076477]
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
[5.767316818237305]
[0.1155366450548172]
[0.14812082052230835]
[0.18260647356510162]
[0.46341511607170105]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.26728788018226624]
[0.0742059051990509]
[0.9478663802146912]
[0.057656269520521164]
[0.01316535472869873]
[2.52980375289917]
[10.304760932922363]
[0.29197701811790466]
[0.05817752704024315]
[31.055986404418945]
[0.17290151119232178]
[0.09453214704990387]
[22.88780975341797]
[0.9319664835929871]
[1.3307678699493408]
[0.05626864731311798]
[0.060693372040987015]
[0.33376267552375793]
[0.013548487797379494]
[0.4846749007701874]
[0.09017612785100937]
[14.245627403259277]
[0.10418613255023956]
[0.17298685014247894]
[4.686825752258301]
[1.8154480457305908]
[0.3261106014251709]
[0.07519157230854034]
[0.023706501349806786]
[3.7942819595336914]
[0.05212217941880226]
[27.854455947875977]
conversion error
conversion error
[17.118019104003906]
[3.590716600418091]
[0.05106532201170921]
[2.3136050701141357]
[0.49167174100875854]
[0.04480960965156555]
[0.3406846225261688]
[0.3841296136379242]
[0.2558788061141968]
[1.5340157747268677]
[0.1865709125995636]
[6.067401885986328]
[0.25003913044929504]
[10.191559791564941]
[0.22887161374092102]
[5.693149566650391]
[32.62287521362305]
[0.5242969393730164]
[0.1764194369316101]
[0.12102153152227402]
[15.963043212890625]
[0.1711062490940094]
[0.050923362374305725]
[5.0758819580078125]
[1.2240575551986694]
[7.9626312255859375]
[0.34394410252571106]
[1.9049317836761475]
[6.381035327911377]
[0.21337677538394928]
[1.1610203981399536]
[8.017569541931152]
conversion error
conversion error
[13.047992706298828]
[0.08290407061576843]
[0.06763417273759842]
[0.05445117503404617]
[0.23048704862594604]
[0.08900584280490875]
[0.4127686619758606]
[1.156759262084961]
[2.1445038318634033]
[0.8984915018081665]
[10.494745254516602]
[0.2791440486907959]
[0.01171049103140831]
[133.10740661621094]
[0.1836552768945694]
[5.999201774597168]
[27.4473934173584]
[0.2886922061443329]
[0.09268411993980408]
[0.7325608134269714]
[0.31210705637931824]
[2.423285484313965]
[0.12030482292175293]
[28.54265594482422]
[0.390704870223999]
[1.5038342475891113]
[0.05929771810770035]
[0.1086069643497467]
[23.801912307739258]
[51.108856201171875]
[0.24705354869365692]
[1.0994123220443726]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.8908458948135376]
[3.666245460510254]
[0.07584454119205475]
[1.123210072517395]
[426.0885009765625]
[250.7450408935547]
[0.46913403272628784]
[196.97470092773438]
[0.06513521075248718]
[3.4864392280578613]
[0.20373615622520447]
[0.5349492430686951]
[9.783069610595703]
[28.408418655395508]
[0.13656669855117798]
[0.39504143595695496]
[3.063539505004883]
[0.7612048387527466]
[45.17857360839844]
[0.19673049449920654]
[0.3187769651412964]
[0.07028474658727646]
[0.14395056664943695]
[0.7160959839820862]
[0.13019752502441406]
[0.2987593710422516]
[0.08371248841285706]
[5.564519882202148]
[394.3250732421875]
[0.02885696105659008]
[0.20884713530540466]
[0.1037730798125267]
[0.2914169132709503]
[0.9199444651603699]
[0.06186375766992569]
[0.5892623066902161]
[2.0793213844299316]
[135.31649780273438]
[214.9080810546875]
[1.5093591213226318]
[0.4077761471271515]
[0.22070975601673126]
[0.16916389763355255]
[1.3159137964248657]
[0.1532377153635025]
[0.2346024066209793]
[0.8295385241508484]
[0.9615034461021423]
[59.909156799316406]
[2.0666921138763428]
[0.3510501980781555]
[0.10306147485971451]
[0.24455811083316803]
[0.5391333103179932]
[11.192340850830078]
[0.329732745885849]
[0.44158345460891724]
[0.7305242419242859]
[5.072504997253418]
[30.6916561126709]
[0.460638165473938]
[0.8981046080589294]
[28.07135772705078]
[0.08759354799985886]
[0.4473915994167328]
[3.7537267208099365]
[10.422840118408203]
[4.291828155517578]
[0.11944688111543655]
[0.38182681798934937]
[0.3085702061653137]
[1.9077986478805542]
[0.36219048500061035]
[0.07445789128541946]
[15.274085998535156]
[0.12511111795902252]
[0.2691420316696167]
[0.9185392260551453]
[1.4956419467926025]
[0.08987981826066971]
[0.15851330757141113]
[0.1430949568748474]
[0.17778928577899933]
[4.148303508758545]
[27.44729232788086]
[1.4639995098114014]
[0.23555007576942444]
[1.3775399923324585]
[2.8337390422821045]
[0.1260785013437271]
[0.1397775262594223]
[0.19613736867904663]
[0.33916446566581726]
[0.1899128556251526]
[47.155330657958984]
[0.4300993084907532]
[0.2531301975250244]
[0.09771326929330826]
[0.12056071311235428]
[9.397562980651855]
[0.7255330681800842]
[0.19171367585659027]
[21.236478805541992]
[0.7313159704208374]
[0.07169043272733688]
[15.464110374450684]
[4.578765392303467]
[0.08069686591625214]
[0.05033959075808525]
[0.11164811253547668]
[27.376535415649414]
[0.052501656115055084]
[0.25982534885406494]
[0.050600115209817886]
[2.063253164291382]
[0.37505394220352173]
[0.6070346832275391]
[0.22999818623065948]
[0.584210216999054]
[0.21105366945266724]
[5.705838203430176]
[0.15146927535533905]
[0.10315779596567154]
[6.729886531829834]
[0.06453416496515274]
[0.17376653850078583]
[0.0606226809322834]
[0.5540660619735718]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[8.304020881652832]
[0.07677175849676132]
[0.15060225129127502]
[0.09651719778776169]
[8.934706687927246]
[88.69613647460938]
[0.07594940066337585]
[0.0917607769370079]
[2.477475166320801]
[0.13223738968372345]
[0.06176401674747467]
[4.553748607635498]
[0.09528953582048416]
[0.1185745894908905]
[7.887246608734131]
[41.02572250366211]
[0.05990913510322571]
[0.32203492522239685]
[2.512542963027954]
[6.13778829574585]
[0.22239986062049866]
[2.038508415222168]
[0.18927133083343506]
[0.10039963573217392]
[1.349329948425293]
[0.0516243614256382]
[0.20988908410072327]
[0.10533621162176132]
[0.17094534635543823]
[0.2342156618833542]
[0.2552928626537323]
[0.0959186926484108]
[0.04683472216129303]
[27.642925262451172]
[0.2099286913871765]
[0.13758203387260437]
[0.1320795714855194]
[0.04212585836648941]
[0.8167513012886047]
[0.08675116300582886]
[0.7392677068710327]
[0.19227132201194763]
[19.64461898803711]
[3.559460163116455]
[0.05710797756910324]
[0.042382292449474335]
[0.3056512773036957]
[0.09983421117067337]
[0.140130877494812]
[0.18870775401592255]
[0.12550419569015503]
[0.08397059142589569]
[0.1554267555475235]
[0.15596741437911987]
[0.06482596695423126]
[16.793926239013672]
[0.33788397908210754]
[0.04768906533718109]
[0.3723517656326294]
[0.09509304910898209]
[0.8079869151115417]
[1.8424656391143799]
[0.07060898840427399]
[6.128544807434082]
[0.3021162152290344]
[2.0388596057891846]
[0.14383092522621155]
[1.9649490118026733]
[88.22930908203125]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.03948017954826355]
[1.4644378423690796]
[5.423303127288818]
[0.2379489690065384]
[0.2513061761856079]
[0.08215838670730591]
[0.06726383417844772]
[0.05459951236844063]
[0.05377141013741493]
[0.23903009295463562]
[0.053670912981033325]
[0.24893148243427277]
[0.07843354344367981]
[0.29881471395492554]
[0.4049426317214966]
[0.04621577262878418]
[0.06929660588502884]
[2.0332562923431396]
[6.132894515991211]
[0.09804324060678482]
[0.18399524688720703]
[1.4689173698425293]
[0.08744082599878311]
[0.12295415997505188]
[6.699770927429199]
[0.2795223295688629]
[0.08423779159784317]
[0.1282895803451538]
[1.450426459312439]
[2.018397331237793]
[0.13705071806907654]
[0.03396693617105484]
[3.90982723236084]
[0.08672989904880524]
[0.039499279111623764]
[16.446683883666992]
[0.07277672737836838]
[0.27267828583717346]
[0.046346306800842285]
[0.14025574922561646]
[0.5237842202186584]
[168.17947387695312]
[0.16868539154529572]
[0.08955985307693481]
[0.06993501633405685]
[0.04843704402446747]
[0.06604563444852829]
[0.6486232876777649]
[16.767192840576172]
[0.05020776763558388]
[1.1660449504852295]
[0.8213433027267456]
[0.3572957217693329]
[4.566015720367432]
[0.25364670157432556]
[0.28018057346343994]
[0.10870213806629181]
[4.451053142547607]
[0.17256158590316772]
[0.39397865533828735]
[0.07826593518257141]
[0.03717510402202606]
[0.3641062080860138]
[0.04864003136754036]
[0.19402208924293518]
[0.04427776485681534]
[2.0555429458618164]
[0.3857356309890747]
[0.11603264510631561]
[0.20219039916992188]
[1.3292393684387207]
[0.32505425810813904]
[0.08637325465679169]
[0.06775586307048798]
[0.19305917620658875]
[0.08066657185554504]
[0.8606559634208679]
[0.6670085191726685]
[6.6575140953063965]
[0.07048220932483673]
[0.2053365260362625]
[0.04968731105327606]
[1.3196401596069336]
[0.11156047135591507]
[20.67705535888672]
[0.14675402641296387]
[0.28509628772735596]
[2.8360681533813477]
[0.18152156472206116]
[0.09620758146047592]
[0.11267923563718796]
[6.12387228012085]
[0.32256075739860535]
[0.2873813807964325]
[0.10878024995326996]
[53.393272399902344]
[0.12473048269748688]
[0.07217254489660263]
[12.714101791381836]
[0.4527578353881836]
[0.6290756464004517]
[2.0547704696655273]
[0.18034055829048157]
[0.25250208377838135]
[0.31758686900138855]
[86.39994049072266]
[0.813565194606781]
[1.8715089559555054]
[21.79437828063965]
[0.254200279712677]
[110.93730163574219]
[0.3273460865020752]
[13.86475944519043]
[1.5862548351287842]
[0.10415972024202347]
[0.07704505324363708]
[75.04847717285156]
[3.344557523727417]
[0.8947208523750305]
[0.09523697197437286]
[0.37848255038261414]
[0.06519607454538345]
[0.14236436784267426]
[0.1664937138557434]
[0.14265552163124084]
[0.4521268606185913]
[1.4521151781082153]
[0.07599645853042603]
[0.44123053550720215]
[4.044545650482178]
[0.10117711126804352]
[0.304609477519989]
[0.0782434493303299]
[0.06997194141149521]
[1.4445537328720093]
[0.12350096553564072]
[1.0990294218063354]
[0.10687995702028275]
[0.16337504982948303]
[0.12242309749126434]
[0.4239712059497833]
[9.014375686645508]
[0.07949617505073547]
[0.19147592782974243]
[0.170446515083313]
[0.0819452702999115]
[0.37872612476348877]
[0.4215160310268402]
[53.07286071777344]
[358.3266906738281]
[0.10361626744270325]
[0.26299503445625305]
[0.09220916032791138]
[0.17354761064052582]
[26.781139373779297]
[0.0777718797326088]
[0.11357787251472473]
[0.07311166822910309]
[0.8088089823722839]
[0.1107417494058609]
[0.1428113579750061]
[1.435388445854187]
[0.14387217164039612]
[0.16002725064754486]
[0.10195577889680862]
[0.12969723343849182]
[5.596893310546875]
[0.06495305150747299]
[7.855832099914551]
[0.11324754357337952]
[0.2128213346004486]
[0.31856659054756165]
[0.09327107667922974]
[0.22213679552078247]
[0.26830655336380005]
[0.10549458861351013]
[0.11669057607650757]
[0.08758488297462463]
[0.3228551745414734]
[0.32380419969558716]
[0.06337089091539383]
[0.26501354575157166]
[0.8829372525215149]
[0.06283850967884064]
[0.05799966678023338]
[0.4847830832004547]
[0.1461486667394638]
conversion error
conversion error
[5.757396697998047]
[43.770687103271484]
[0.11987394094467163]
[0.30744296312332153]
[71.70771026611328]
[1.4128097295761108]
[0.6103407740592957]
[1.4231547117233276]
[0.18917793035507202]
[0.05745793879032135]
[0.2298981249332428]
[0.45654651522636414]
[0.2575260102748871]
[0.33983907103538513]
[0.08693433552980423]
[0.44780632853507996]
[0.5338020324707031]
[1.418267846107483]
[0.16022560000419617]
[0.4094081521034241]
[0.3351496756076813]
[0.16848589479923248]
[9.467870712280273]
[0.05772774666547775]
[0.08725133538246155]
[0.17002765834331512]
[0.05816878005862236]
[0.07865197956562042]
[0.09947171062231064]
[0.08099477738142014]
[0.1088595762848854]
[0.09446466714143753]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.10074400156736374]
[4.722259044647217]
[4.194393157958984]
[0.170170858502388]
[0.05484848842024803]
[2.0643012523651123]
[0.09466375410556793]
[55.172088623046875]
[0.08933959156274796]
[0.04567783698439598]
[0.057913027703762054]
[0.08810026198625565]
[0.11386888474225998]
[1.3695088624954224]
[0.24142642319202423]
[0.21708601713180542]
[0.3269692659378052]
[0.0950428768992424]
[0.28855302929878235]
[0.2633528411388397]
[1.9810214042663574]
[1.9803451299667358]
[0.16888433694839478]
[0.35062575340270996]
[0.11232934147119522]
[0.11457613110542297]
[0.14315038919448853]
[0.21305035054683685]
[0.09636847674846649]
[0.07576984167098999]
[8.367462158203125]
[0.39947184920310974]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.07371217012405396]
[0.07741280645132065]
[0.7293545007705688]
[0.05179972946643829]
[0.2534661889076233]
[1.4084221124649048]
[0.08308254927396774]
[0.191639244556427]
[1.9718776941299438]
[4.929721832275391]
[0.056712087243795395]
[0.2113528847694397]
[0.06902358680963516]
[0.09755212068557739]
[1.2937369346618652]
[0.04924853891134262]
[24.784326553344727]
[20.61724853515625]
[0.12101191282272339]
[0.32651522755622864]
[0.05053837597370148]
[0.07117946445941925]
[8.460663795471191]
[0.09048089385032654]
[0.06747983396053314]
[0.040086645632982254]
[0.22650116682052612]
[0.3120203912258148]
[0.10649869590997696]
[0.22751577198505402]
[0.04681587219238281]
[3.996145009994507]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.06970115005970001]
[3.9753475189208984]
[0.2830856442451477]
[0.2752012312412262]
[0.057382188737392426]
[0.23788492381572723]
[0.052784498780965805]
[0.14909103512763977]
[3.8673489093780518]
[0.29797035455703735]
[0.15975092351436615]
[6.574436187744141]
[45.527503967285156]
[0.15880975127220154]
[1.1775857210159302]
[0.1817992925643921]
[0.639215886592865]
[0.08061394095420837]
[0.4401279091835022]
[0.0532853826880455]
[0.07576961070299149]
[0.3467206060886383]
[0.057572830468416214]
[0.10000865906476974]
[1.8712724447250366]
[3.1166467666625977]
[0.860385537147522]
[1.4750785827636719]
[1.4028836488723755]
[0.3202047049999237]
[13.953269004821777]
[0.32442837953567505]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.803834080696106]
[0.03534841910004616]
[1.4132496118545532]
[0.04762350395321846]
[0.04748377948999405]
[0.1854103058576584]
[0.07359766215085983]
[0.042832180857658386]
[0.0622553676366806]
[0.11065352708101273]
[0.2552298307418823]
[69.23052978515625]
[0.19693851470947266]
[0.042420644313097]
[0.057793185114860535]
[0.03975668177008629]
[0.18605540692806244]
[0.2613976001739502]
[28.23272705078125]
[0.21337193250656128]
[0.42405155301094055]
[46.35899353027344]
[0.03966869041323662]
[0.055091701447963715]
[0.046449705958366394]
[0.1308111846446991]
[0.0775674358010292]
[0.600745439529419]
[0.09156841039657593]
[0.09748857468366623]
[1.5389317274093628]
[0.23483744263648987]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.2108009159564972]
[0.03578686714172363]
[4.856225967407227]
[1.3800294399261475]
[0.18086428940296173]
[1891.02783203125]
[9.569585800170898]
[0.06887492537498474]
[0.12824104726314545]
[0.06642341613769531]
[0.04466085880994797]
[0.1847226917743683]
[0.13759376108646393]
[0.21015764772891998]
[0.07269022613763809]
[0.10162212699651718]
[0.345184326171875]
[0.09473046660423279]
[0.25926607847213745]
[0.04726940020918846]
[0.10360248386859894]
[0.29812365770339966]
[0.06310316920280457]
[1.232131838798523]
[3.695060968399048]
[1.6792155504226685]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.26689356565475464]
[0.2735699713230133]
[0.31103381514549255]
[0.6157766580581665]
[0.06260190159082413]
[3.3017892837524414]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.041923925280570984]
[53.259727478027344]
[1.3786108493804932]
[0.11426466703414917]
[0.05825049802660942]
[0.16522780060768127]
[0.08668932318687439]
[0.19465458393096924]
[135.82777404785156]
[0.08622139692306519]
[0.20346124470233917]
[1.6301548480987549]
[168.70530700683594]
[1.4100544452667236]
[0.14466790854930878]
[0.035136424005031586]
[0.0762510746717453]
[0.15112337470054626]
[0.22456060349941254]
[0.21284084022045135]
[1.4009376764297485]
[1.6276839971542358]
[0.07991722971200943]
[0.29639920592308044]
[1.0946613550186157]
[0.08382387459278107]
[0.22064264118671417]
[1.3962430953979492]
[0.2573009729385376]
[0.17683526873588562]
[57.7347412109375]
[4.493496894836426]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.18218816816806793]
[0.054683588445186615]
[7.521627426147461]
[66.57276153564453]
[0.31083470582962036]
[20.942707061767578]
[0.06826885044574738]
[52.87965774536133]
[0.21444398164749146]
[0.06806118786334991]
[0.05630023777484894]
[1.3636606931686401]
[0.11927145719528198]
[0.389227956533432]
[0.08467987924814224]
[0.04739541932940483]
[0.08476193249225616]
[0.24363015592098236]
[0.1332273930311203]
[1.0649144649505615]
[0.0426923930644989]
[0.06810659915208817]
[0.04867572709918022]
[0.581045389175415]
[0.6873739361763]
[0.33631008863449097]
[0.2986644506454468]
[0.057279717177152634]
[1.120286464691162]
[11.068180084228516]
[0.04096340015530586]
[0.10781196504831314]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.04085596650838852]
[0.07126285880804062]
[0.048316970467567444]
[7.182828426361084]
[0.07757735997438431]
[0.2114226222038269]
[0.4591491222381592]
[0.2130144089460373]
[0.17513248324394226]
[0.03533415496349335]
[6.615447998046875]
[85.0052719116211]
[1.4362008571624756]
[0.07560954988002777]
[0.034844771027565]
[0.08970291167497635]
[39.847286224365234]
[0.211407870054245]
[1518.6612548828125]
[0.2348330318927765]
[2.2112293243408203]
[0.10206238925457001]
[0.23304946720600128]
[0.23429463803768158]
[0.04289308190345764]
[6.654237747192383]
[1.4426921606063843]
[2.3470940589904785]
[0.35579827427864075]
[0.22040414810180664]
[4.486067295074463]
[0.1462554782629013]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.6160410046577454]
[0.17037521302700043]
[0.038603249937295914]
[0.23793736100196838]
[0.03300260379910469]
[0.0507853701710701]
[1.4287890195846558]
[0.05088519677519798]
[0.3226807415485382]
[0.4713830053806305]
[0.3048565983772278]
[60.137306213378906]
[0.07188963145017624]
[0.37788155674934387]
[0.5796138644218445]
[0.0671238899230957]
[0.06301608681678772]
[0.05062336474657059]
[0.11220910400152206]
[0.032592494040727615]
[0.385543555021286]
[0.2046859860420227]
[0.5630639791488647]
[0.03710329532623291]
[0.18536075949668884]
[12.965209007263184]
[0.17418260872364044]
[139.0852508544922]
[0.3215228021144867]
[0.16134221851825714]
[4.367410659790039]
[0.2286655604839325]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.09438531845808029]
[1.4293278455734253]
[0.2539531886577606]
[6.742051601409912]
[0.03333626687526703]
[2.356901168823242]
[4.116609573364258]
[1.4005454778671265]
[1.9784175157546997]
[12.625523567199707]
[0.2116433084011078]
[0.30155935883522034]
[0.15762372314929962]
[0.2760547399520874]
[0.20938640832901]
[0.06147095561027527]
[0.03511069715023041]
[1.3856043815612793]
[0.05518164485692978]
[25.969446182250977]
[1.9359239339828491]
[0.1681542992591858]
[0.10802945494651794]
[0.06939955055713654]
[0.24353188276290894]
[3.705075263977051]
[0.11111010611057281]
[0.2249707281589508]
[0.0691305622458458]
[0.06274007260799408]
[0.0351957306265831]
[0.10012402385473251]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.03893095627427101]
[0.968641996383667]
[0.09756925702095032]
[20.9581241607666]
[0.05989144369959831]
[0.34364914894104004]
[11.230408668518066]
[0.481118381023407]
[0.030524950474500656]
[0.07987304776906967]
[49.3179817199707]
[1.8768489360809326]
[0.13918225467205048]
[0.26993754506111145]
[0.0763276219367981]
[0.4211157262325287]
[0.08760365843772888]
[0.11881420016288757]
[0.0731821209192276]
[0.1633845716714859]
[0.7841939330101013]
[0.034386783838272095]
[0.08107192069292068]
[0.45264706015586853]
[0.10790759325027466]
[0.19584867358207703]
[0.23692309856414795]
[0.029756274074316025]
[0.15891645848751068]
[0.05777163431048393]
[1.7382698059082031]
[0.031040355563163757]
conversion error
conversion error
[5.172140121459961]
[0.12618757784366608]
[0.1028643250465393]
[0.26495614647865295]
[0.039806123822927475]
[0.02808700129389763]
[0.09684035927057266]
[2.396763563156128]
[0.16414663195610046]
[0.061064086854457855]
[0.05491964891552925]
[0.18253181874752045]
[0.06953328847885132]
[20.847097396850586]
[0.03028651885688305]
[0.06212518364191055]
[0.028027372434735298]
[0.28592923283576965]
[4.087658405303955]
[5.6193647384643555]
[0.1518186330795288]
[0.057037025690078735]
[0.12400682270526886]
[0.29884254932403564]
[0.04818392172455788]
[0.09010788053274155]
[0.02314816042780876]
[0.2247599959373474]
[1.7077237367630005]
[0.03334438428282738]
[0.028273925185203552]
[0.02612605132162571]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.029742497950792313]
[0.03755812719464302]
[12.717475891113281]
[0.08356139808893204]
[0.1337878257036209]
[160.87640380859375]
[0.04789314419031143]
[1.1618825197219849]
[0.1113637238740921]
[0.03078792616724968]
[0.12401929497718811]
[0.0835014283657074]
[0.20971651375293732]
[0.10338694602251053]
[1268.8148193359375]
[0.06521906703710556]
[1.9573562145233154]
[0.29008689522743225]
[2.422567367553711]
[0.5943678617477417]
[0.3492751717567444]
[0.03568108752369881]
[0.1584816426038742]
[0.28543001413345337]
[0.0713055208325386]
[53.758689880371094]
[0.18416118621826172]
[0.08067988604307175]
[23.778947830200195]
[1.9608464241027832]
[7.912997245788574]
[0.045282892882823944]
conversion error
conversion error
[12.867679595947266]
[0.24087806046009064]
[0.051472410559654236]
[0.09217642992734909]
[0.033684127032756805]
[13.357051849365234]
[0.07581488788127899]
[0.3235654830932617]
[0.038587652146816254]
[12.848894119262695]
[1.4182912111282349]
[0.07464050501585007]
[0.18582679331302643]
[0.24984006583690643]
[0.0718965008854866]
[0.09573733061552048]
[0.18287712335586548]
[0.10004381090402603]
[0.2097923904657364]
[0.10976347327232361]
[1.981738567352295]
[0.0850272849202156]
[1.945887565612793]
[0.23380443453788757]
[0.29922160506248474]
[0.09316227585077286]
[0.3066818118095398]
[0.06916175037622452]
[0.1626756340265274]
[0.15262025594711304]
[0.027871277183294296]
[0.18463115394115448]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.4031978845596313]
[0.08707509189844131]
[0.10252973437309265]
[4.540158271789551]
[0.04206768423318863]
[0.1823148876428604]
[0.13593192398548126]
[0.04185785353183746]
[0.0369853638112545]
[0.03129963576793671]
[0.14938126504421234]
[0.2679116725921631]
[0.027864081785082817]
[0.026781000196933746]
[1.3962223529815674]
[0.18365582823753357]
[54.127384185791016]
[0.3162310719490051]
[0.06789715588092804]
[23.46859359741211]
[0.2885437607765198]
[0.21442724764347076]
[0.054649654775857925]
[0.06235155090689659]
[0.07459321618080139]
[0.06268313527107239]
[0.06006816774606705]
[0.11311691999435425]
[0.058367520570755005]
[0.036130551248788834]
[0.21277059614658356]
[0.18107861280441284]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.056919969618320465]
[141.69784545898438]
[0.173636794090271]
[0.05338536202907562]
[0.05877599120140076]
[0.07068968564271927]
[10.40031623840332]
[0.15924304723739624]
[14.515981674194336]
[17.135311126708984]
[0.08878221362829208]
[0.557654857635498]
[0.051763277500867844]
[116.4037094116211]
[0.05696506425738335]
[3.1695501804351807]
[0.061486419290304184]
[0.03212590143084526]
[0.05969671905040741]
[0.2279893159866333]
[0.14366990327835083]
[0.1443072259426117]
[24.779563903808594]
[2.625218391418457]
[0.038943544030189514]
[0.24513448774814606]
[0.10198279470205307]
[0.13184019923210144]
[7.3638811111450195]
[0.27535951137542725]
[0.07950503379106522]
[0.04883427917957306]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.052729927003383636]
[0.06217995658516884]
[0.10472094267606735]
[0.03916971758008003]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.09018844366073608]
[0.09519574791193008]
[147.90830993652344]
[0.06602497398853302]
[268.2431945800781]
[0.04865867644548416]
[0.14739736914634705]
[0.3340848982334137]
[0.05310186743736267]
[1.4606900215148926]
[374.8868103027344]
[1.3495631217956543]
[0.04079994559288025]
[0.182845801115036]
[0.3265676498413086]
[0.14700791239738464]
[0.056052111089229584]
[0.08785353600978851]
[0.9823856353759766]
[0.10398685187101364]
[0.09830676019191742]
[0.3569834232330322]
[0.048012133687734604]
[2.4136643409729004]
[1.3399561643600464]
[0.04213525354862213]
[0.10611306875944138]
[0.09993698447942734]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.4469900131225586]
[0.27638933062553406]
[9.661474227905273]
[1.4546529054641724]
[0.08214188367128372]
[1.022721290588379]
[40.69001388549805]
[0.06060464307665825]
[11.582061767578125]
[0.09269503504037857]
[0.23971067368984222]
[0.13420359790325165]
[0.05695790797472]
[0.07130102068185806]
[0.06557732820510864]
[0.2494296431541443]
[0.24193517863750458]
[0.08887641876935959]
[0.18655100464820862]
[0.08778467029333115]
[0.0649641677737236]
[0.12372838705778122]
[0.05307582765817642]
[0.03473178669810295]
[0.10437420010566711]
[0.060093287378549576]
[1.3872663974761963]
[0.04875466227531433]
[0.05807716026902199]
[0.04359448328614235]
[0.2447192519903183]
[21.166597366333008]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.09490536898374557]
[0.11866874992847443]
[0.09682655334472656]
[0.15109482407569885]
[0.028698265552520752]
[0.05432052165269852]
[0.02979966253042221]
[0.02671600505709648]
[0.040297433733940125]
[0.21639032661914825]
[0.1366099864244461]
[0.03545478731393814]
[0.12476307153701782]
[0.1897466778755188]
[1.7399104833602905]
[0.08234122395515442]
[0.30628079175949097]
[0.026973219588398933]
[0.041213490068912506]
[26.3321590423584]
[1.5294212102890015]
[606.9367065429688]
[0.058619748800992966]
[10.261734962463379]
[0.28428545594215393]
[0.23641330003738403]
[0.03979896008968353]
[0.06523197144269943]
[0.061477694660425186]
[0.04505348578095436]
[0.1650375872850418]
[0.04041719809174538]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.04142315313220024]
[2.1187386512756348]
[0.04179266467690468]
[0.041099801659584045]
[0.05032239109277725]
[0.1411920189857483]
[1.8723620176315308]
[0.281353235244751]
[28.2192325592041]
[0.2548961639404297]
[1.1669033765792847]
[0.1046149805188179]
[4.962327003479004]
[1.2863441705703735]
[0.060979295521974564]
[0.04529128968715668]
[0.11651656776666641]
[0.07839764654636383]
[1.8138728141784668]
[0.051156576722860336]
[0.05484944209456444]
[0.4147714674472809]
[0.07705939561128616]
[0.07951553910970688]
[0.09116028994321823]
[0.07241706550121307]
[0.0555667020380497]
[0.06474216282367706]
[170.12876892089844]
[0.06762807071208954]
[0.619880735874176]
[0.17291614413261414]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.08194252848625183]
[0.17090557515621185]
[0.11917727440595627]
[51.878997802734375]
[1.6126877069473267]
[32.96748352050781]
[0.03570752590894699]
[0.07864082604646683]
[0.03542415425181389]
[95.78047943115234]
[0.06677523255348206]
[0.3042069971561432]
[0.08344565331935883]
[4.304727554321289]
[18.114343643188477]
[0.04641393572092056]
[4.721438407897949]
[0.04126464203000069]
[0.042566876858472824]
[0.09923191368579865]
[0.046813707798719406]
[0.08139337599277496]
[80.33329772949219]
[0.055608224123716354]
[0.08599057793617249]
[0.07502568513154984]
[0.9775460958480835]
[0.11328199505805969]
[0.07403473556041718]
[1.7072014808654785]
[0.0709707960486412]
[0.08104298263788223]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.04148144647479057]
[0.09433753043413162]
[0.2634139060974121]
[0.03624584525823593]
[0.10577502101659775]
[0.04251377284526825]
[0.28192436695098877]
[0.041681256145238876]
[0.07559296488761902]
[0.14675910770893097]
[0.1795635223388672]
[0.3080655038356781]
[0.06319919973611832]
[0.06169622391462326]
[0.03200690820813179]
[0.3677155673503876]
[15.1285982131958]
[0.032672539353370667]
[1.2584052085876465]
[6.033425807952881]
[0.07725348323583603]
[0.2150895893573761]
[0.047975171357393265]
[1.2562510967254639]
[0.9875305891036987]
[1.5594264268875122]
[1.2555278539657593]
[0.0402626097202301]
[0.032173775136470795]
[1.2592958211898804]
[0.05714162439107895]
[0.05725778266787529]
conversion error
conversion error
[10.526888847351074]
[0.06082126498222351]
[2.119095802307129]
[0.24946214258670807]
[0.0663767158985138]
[202.1644744873047]
[0.05509769544005394]
[3.869992256164551]
[2.5406363010406494]
[0.28352493047714233]
[0.17186841368675232]
[0.06810557097196579]
[0.25782281160354614]
[3.437202215194702]
[0.12613649666309357]
[10.65576171875]
[0.2931809723377228]
[0.06155671924352646]
[59.89915466308594]
[1.6950440406799316]
[1.2100296020507812]
[0.06894990801811218]
[0.03336409479379654]
[0.08671621233224869]
[1.8877532482147217]
[0.10836648941040039]
[0.06859039515256882]
[0.06536653637886047]
[0.07226606458425522]
[0.15797512233257294]
[9.84478759765625]
[0.06996897608041763]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.03517885506153107]
[0.07143497467041016]
[0.12671785056591034]
[0.03594781830906868]
[0.06391384452581406]
[0.08416464179754257]
[3.1647403240203857]
[0.4432733952999115]
[0.21448981761932373]
[0.11571201682090759]
[0.07516733556985855]
[0.053579721599817276]
[0.06290949136018753]
[0.1720115691423416]
[0.06953048706054688]
[0.08735883980989456]
[0.06463827937841415]
[0.05071002617478371]
[0.06688573211431503]
[0.2047625035047531]
[1.650987148284912]
[9.327780723571777]
[0.11065728217363358]
[0.12314143776893616]
[0.04645612835884094]
[0.036656852811574936]
[0.06902377307415009]
[0.05042922869324684]
[1.2871613502502441]
[0.16967220604419708]
[0.07562088221311569]
[0.2692290246486664]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.06779545545578003]
[0.06664693355560303]
[0.2562233507633209]
[29.142982482910156]
[0.0415484718978405]
[0.36734965443611145]
[1.3190703392028809]
[0.1584974229335785]
[6.4487223625183105]
[0.04013080894947052]
[1.3628263473510742]
[3260.550048828125]
[0.2037816196680069]
[1.1251461505889893]
[3.4126205444335938]
[0.06242889538407326]
[317.7886047363281]
[0.10562634468078613]
[2.559144973754883]
[0.10532917082309723]
[1.2106866836547852]
[10.144384384155273]
[0.08900684118270874]
[0.07896777987480164]
[0.5072925686836243]
[1.5374667644500732]
[0.1370435655117035]
[41.6421012878418]
[0.06313290446996689]
[0.40142032504081726]
[0.10275242477655411]
[0.6298522353172302]
conversion error
conversion error
[10.27906608581543]
[0.23575511574745178]
[0.2208227962255478]
[1.2488586902618408]
[0.3016253709793091]
[8.215222358703613]
[11.6519193649292]
[1.3721139430999756]
[0.1563130021095276]
[1.9161427021026611]
[0.18773910403251648]
[0.0837479755282402]
[0.46970486640930176]
[0.37902870774269104]
[0.1610349863767624]
[0.1581842452287674]
[0.14560072124004364]
[0.2783140540122986]
[0.06643275916576385]
[0.26672181487083435]
[2.2461698055267334]
[0.1000906303524971]
[0.25195300579071045]
[4.328091621398926]
[3.703624963760376]
[0.17578504979610443]
[1.0171263217926025]
[0.1569247990846634]
[0.0866658017039299]
[0.12979203462600708]
[1.3479127883911133]
[0.11409950256347656]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.21570588648319244]
[4.405548572540283]
[2.027264356613159]
[0.04875205084681511]
[0.23821675777435303]
[0.3640357255935669]
[13.204758644104004]
[0.07852377742528915]
[0.06225278973579407]
[11.825224876403809]
[2.3229825496673584]
[0.25250571966171265]
[0.17677566409111023]
[1.3357436656951904]
[0.6155130863189697]
[1.34222412109375]
[11.637062072753906]
[1.445693850517273]
[0.21183110773563385]
[0.04563765227794647]
[0.11443610489368439]
[0.08320748060941696]
[1.774135708808899]
[4.787219524383545]
[0.1370633989572525]
[0.20907236635684967]
[9.790624618530273]
[0.07223883271217346]
[0.36512935161590576]
[0.07476084679365158]
[0.07891514152288437]
[0.12892819941043854]
[0.11795400828123093]
[0.07053723186254501]
[1.3394616842269897]
[138.91432189941406]
[0.05362362787127495]
[0.49288424849510193]
[0.0769738182425499]
[1.3394198417663574]
[1.9533796310424805]
[47.97587966918945]
[0.41520822048187256]
[2.1117312908172607]
[370.9429626464844]
[0.09105982631444931]
[0.06421028822660446]
[0.11959104239940643]
[0.8452401161193848]
[0.08967330306768417]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0784364715218544]
[0.06910731643438339]
[0.055586446076631546]
[4.740804672241211]
[0.08014393597841263]
[0.08486351370811462]
[0.09805388748645782]
[0.07934229075908661]
[0.06244475394487381]
[1.3381344079971313]
[167.87472534179688]
[2.053617477416992]
[7.041563034057617]
[0.09252715855836868]
[0.07551037520170212]
[0.1384754776954651]
[0.09290695190429688]
[0.07988577336072922]
[0.059293221682310104]
[0.07096216082572937]
[0.17179250717163086]
[0.15370869636535645]
[0.06085548922419548]
[54.278236389160156]
[1.1608550548553467]
[105.49089050292969]
[2176.895751953125]
[11.378401756286621]
[261.8351745605469]
[0.06466486304998398]
[0.2680266499519348]
[10.909111022949219]
[0.37820935249328613]
[0.09364812076091766]
[7.653303146362305]
[334.8696594238281]
[0.11344869434833527]
[1.1065484285354614]
[0.11781490594148636]
[0.07984599471092224]
[1.203080415725708]
[44.58543395996094]
[1.620326280593872]
[0.4105875790119171]
[0.6684906482696533]
[817.2118530273438]
[4.079531669616699]
[266.2993469238281]
[80.39725494384766]
[0.34739047288894653]
[0.12398805469274521]
[0.14587301015853882]
[28.331987380981445]
[1.1363945007324219]
[0.3160549998283386]
[0.2750242352485657]
[46.862586975097656]
[0.08309371769428253]
[0.15109819173812866]
[0.3523932993412018]
[0.2117653638124466]
[6.482105255126953]
[0.12881410121917725]
[27.390949249267578]
[0.3951724171638489]
[0.22966574132442474]
[0.2341267168521881]
[0.2994295358657837]
[1.8235737085342407]
[0.1462939977645874]
[0.17825710773468018]
[0.15430624783039093]
[0.2580726742744446]
[0.25842562317848206]
[0.04340452328324318]
[1.7920533418655396]
[0.12541531026363373]
[0.0738421231508255]
[0.7089290022850037]
[0.17972420156002045]
[0.18337754905223846]
[0.7691141366958618]
[3.7734203338623047]
[0.6532712578773499]
[0.1718163639307022]
[0.07020317018032074]
[0.8561400771141052]
[5.0154266357421875]
[0.12212150543928146]
[0.09970426559448242]
[0.14769315719604492]
[5.9755024909973145]
[0.14730076491832733]
[0.09542268514633179]
[0.10245861113071442]
[0.12307917326688766]
[0.16061848402023315]
[0.3500407338142395]
[0.38937005400657654]
[0.37060508131980896]
[0.147142231464386]
[310.3247375488281]
[95.93701171875]
[0.32713329792022705]
[0.08986768871545792]
[1.5446797609329224]
[0.10688403248786926]
[0.09190871566534042]
[5.742006778717041]
[565.592529296875]
[0.18956826627254486]
[3.731344223022461]
[0.052867282181978226]
[0.1356874257326126]
[0.10665944218635559]
[80.3191909790039]
[0.17701713740825653]
[17.91413116455078]
[0.15530019998550415]
[1.0739846229553223]
[53.66946792602539]
[1.6546076536178589]
[5.849057674407959]
[0.22164994478225708]
[0.17729802429676056]
[1.2010122537612915]
[1.3532781600952148]
[0.16422371566295624]
[0.19018103182315826]
[4.270754814147949]
[0.25142568349838257]
[1.1926298141479492]
[35.78559875488281]
[0.08260498940944672]
[0.13391491770744324]
[0.23056812584400177]
[0.1983536183834076]
[0.1455620974302292]
[1.699266791343689]
[0.13977128267288208]
[0.3744572699069977]
[0.1111806184053421]
[0.13594156503677368]
[1.2978402376174927]
[1.6958328485488892]
[61.33161544799805]
[0.19750317931175232]
[0.04381123557686806]
[0.14157837629318237]
[0.11212962120771408]
[0.4686645269393921]
[3.1525826454162598]
[0.10922814160585403]
[2.0140717029571533]
[1.6843191385269165]
[9.97122859954834]
[0.31243231892585754]
[91.1799545288086]
[0.10262838006019592]
[0.09607639163732529]
[0.11603578925132751]
[0.09889612346887589]
[0.10244908183813095]
[0.215939000248909]
[0.49806204438209534]
[0.23221947252750397]
[190.37765502929688]
[0.11344294250011444]
[0.06951489299535751]
[3.872117519378662]
[0.2319195717573166]
[0.20577126741409302]
[0.1163770779967308]
[0.3999740183353424]
[2.193164587020874]
[0.32127583026885986]
[0.15991953015327454]
[0.12021780759096146]
[1.9365131855010986]
[1.4537907838821411]
[0.14604362845420837]
[0.16225376725196838]
[0.089471235871315]
[0.1253064125776291]
[0.07750561833381653]
[0.12708213925361633]
[0.11222130805253983]
[0.10278566181659698]
[1.6770356893539429]
[0.09123161435127258]
[0.09219247847795486]
[1.1367318630218506]
[0.06570172309875488]
[0.1721666157245636]
[2.073835849761963]
[2.4007575511932373]
[0.06389107555150986]
[0.29113370180130005]
[0.48731982707977295]
[2.262680768966675]
[29.983753204345703]
[0.30788880586624146]
[140.61029052734375]
[0.32554322481155396]
[0.33734798431396484]
[15.99522590637207]
[0.08474896103143692]
[0.8895974159240723]
[0.07581634074449539]
[0.06351904571056366]
[0.10212194174528122]
[0.2859257459640503]
[1.7038483619689941]
[1.243727684020996]
[0.1022849753499031]
[2.0815558433532715]
[68.7930679321289]
[2.9366025924682617]
[0.09140555560588837]
[1.4668318033218384]
[16.52556610107422]
[0.4418245255947113]
[1.1626250743865967]
[0.42590996623039246]
[2.055047035217285]
[0.13055607676506042]
[0.09918007254600525]
[0.11487267166376114]
[0.09269677102565765]
[0.8501472473144531]
[4.284929275512695]
[0.10718566924333572]
[0.16569548845291138]
[1.1479322910308838]
[1.140803575515747]
[1.7253141403198242]
[0.05138753354549408]
[0.10569696128368378]
[0.08047394454479218]
[0.20949293673038483]
[0.09694628417491913]
[0.07740959525108337]
[0.13302640616893768]
[0.10185252875089645]
[0.08506952226161957]
[0.10409509390592575]
[0.06805572658777237]
[15.62154769897461]
[0.10511162877082825]
[0.11963925510644913]
[0.08261558413505554]
[0.4496714472770691]
[0.14489950239658356]
[95.87115478515625]
[0.10560771077871323]
[0.08056467771530151]
[0.09145328402519226]
[0.04976421222090721]
[0.36186182498931885]
[0.10559043288230896]
[0.04147685691714287]
[0.18113170564174652]
[1.1777180433273315]
[2.190027952194214]
[4.332199573516846]
[0.040513020008802414]
[0.1302182525396347]
[41.743927001953125]
[0.03558427467942238]
[0.11437984555959702]
[0.0583498515188694]
[2.9284348487854004]
[5.659054756164551]
[1.526679515838623]
[1.768159031867981]
[0.047233689576387405]
[0.03475368767976761]
[0.0816945731639862]
[0.04651150852441788]
[0.8601389527320862]
[0.3014611601829529]
[0.07688892632722855]
[0.1190301775932312]
[1.0328649282455444]
[0.10111720114946365]
[0.0664656013250351]
[0.03042251616716385]
[0.06342102587223053]
[0.22959041595458984]
[0.058455776423215866]
[0.05470942333340645]
[0.25369206070899963]
[0.06521614640951157]
[0.04379398003220558]
[0.028944136574864388]
[0.030375581234693527]
[0.0401034876704216]
[3.1824724674224854]
[0.03483741357922554]
[1.752539038658142]
[92.04419708251953]
[0.07405564934015274]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.10487473756074905]
[4.5361199378967285]
[0.2944285273551941]
[0.13729165494441986]
[2.058804988861084]
[4.145402431488037]
[0.05430157482624054]
[0.0832100659608841]
[0.1412179321050644]
[0.02449665777385235]
[4.226773262023926]
[0.0567169189453125]
[3.2808475494384766]
[0.05525617301464081]
[16.27301788330078]
[0.03965098783373833]
[253.6171417236328]
[0.02607479877769947]
[0.27594807744026184]
[0.07350566238164902]
[14.805416107177734]
[0.10445057600736618]
[0.07355917245149612]
[0.09164278209209442]
[0.055294569581747055]
[0.32263022661209106]
[0.12227047234773636]
[0.043514564633369446]
[79.00941467285156]
[0.07525066286325455]
[2.613774061203003]
[0.24099956452846527]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.11728837341070175]
[0.13971476256847382]
[0.2863205075263977]
[0.03883300721645355]
[0.04612123966217041]
[0.26678434014320374]
[44.32528305053711]
[0.024596691131591797]
[0.034208256751298904]
[0.07475313544273376]
[0.07245338708162308]
[0.06482018530368805]
[0.023641465231776237]
[4.3903117179870605]
[0.05338113382458687]
[0.10183840990066528]
[3.9504082202911377]
[0.07588290423154831]
[0.07049369066953659]
[43.6649055480957]
[0.07643838226795197]
[0.047667764127254486]
[0.09737860411405563]
[1.2185797691345215]
[0.049372121691703796]
[0.048594504594802856]
[0.3635491132736206]
[0.07201370596885681]
[0.032719872891902924]
[0.22957450151443481]
[4.896204471588135]
[0.07591991126537323]
conversion error
[0.2104518562555313]
[0.2743343412876129]
[8.36527156829834]
[0.23493345081806183]
[204.99168395996094]
[0.8970518708229065]
[0.04463422670960426]
[0.060615453869104385]
[0.042283400893211365]
[0.06334266811609268]
[48.993988037109375]
[209.05853271484375]
[182.71566772460938]
[0.05403854697942734]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.0904911682009697]
[0.3518857955932617]
[1.8028587102890015]
[0.07470498234033585]
[1.712874412536621]
[305.01495361328125]
[92.87706756591797]
[0.11545106023550034]
[0.13083533942699432]
[0.24170993268489838]
[0.6572003960609436]
[0.08375535905361176]
[0.1894747018814087]
[0.09384811669588089]
[0.05787655711174011]
[0.043815914541482925]
[0.06509994715452194]
[29.112768173217773]
[0.11068384349346161]
[0.1743793487548828]
[3.942488193511963]
[4.614162921905518]
[0.07627858966588974]
[0.08638331294059753]
[45.93938064575195]
[1584.3902587890625]
[0.4227999448776245]
[5.173552989959717]
[2.051919460296631]
[0.14408722519874573]
[0.3647904098033905]
[0.056992337107658386]
[0.04879210889339447]
[0.028074460104107857]
[40.044132232666016]
[0.05461530387401581]
[0.3995409309864044]
[0.12572817504405975]
[0.11381246894598007]
[1.1912583112716675]
[0.11416223645210266]
[2.4594497680664062]
[0.13677479326725006]
[0.12950077652931213]
[0.023747369647026062]
[0.41109707951545715]
[0.06086811050772667]
[0.09516835957765579]
[0.196024551987648]
[9672.19921875]
[0.05142923444509506]
[0.4001411199569702]
[0.11731050163507462]
[0.043024301528930664]
[0.4158429205417633]
[0.16809463500976562]
[0.6886683702468872]
[0.24134130775928497]
[0.2110500931739807]
[11.346832275390625]
[41.07188034057617]
[38.15735626220703]
[127.56351470947266]
[0.4693494737148285]
[0.6921263933181763]
[0.6250552535057068]
[1.7219362258911133]
[1045.423583984375]
[0.3100747764110565]
[1.728951096534729]
[12.311776161193848]
[0.4994809627532959]
[0.19337151944637299]
[3.154710292816162]
[5.486095428466797]
[2.643381357192993]
[0.4642007350921631]
[0.918342113494873]
[2.0218045711517334]
[4.895806312561035]
[0.17617309093475342]
[169.1324462890625]
[1.240368127822876]
[0.869841456413269]
[1.7981337308883667]
[0.7141630053520203]
[0.2819683849811554]
[11.284214973449707]
[183.84890747070312]
[2.393913984298706]
[0.23735950887203217]
[65.5314712524414]
[1.6722410917282104]
[1.3472931385040283]
[0.4657823443412781]
[1.1096081733703613]
[2.3525469303131104]
[1.5270136594772339]
[1.5908629894256592]
[1.447765827178955]
[3.6196672916412354]
[1.5781375169754028]
[1.6726301908493042]
[2.8700311183929443]
[1.5486944913864136]
[0.16228227317333221]
[0.32581835985183716]
[0.35654473304748535]
[3.488830327987671]
[0.09307422488927841]
[2.6266860961914062]
[11.64573860168457]
[0.5421711206436157]
[90.37667846679688]
[1.0907331705093384]
[38.7465934753418]
[0.5171707272529602]
[0.3813738524913788]
[0.09073110669851303]
[37.89707946777344]
[2.0119760036468506]
[11.758418083190918]
[0.4972756505012512]
[0.13539236783981323]
[0.4209607243537903]
[1.8886948823928833]
[0.18446213006973267]
[0.07478125393390656]
[0.2587566673755646]
[0.10801200568675995]
[0.1430281698703766]
[0.10465367138385773]
[0.06858989596366882]
[1.3938854932785034]
[0.07838129252195358]
[0.3181454837322235]
[0.0935777947306633]
[80.9513931274414]
[0.10449180752038956]
[1.37147855758667]
[0.2211722880601883]
[1147.5196533203125]
[0.10236653685569763]
[0.1957574039697647]
[0.12227533012628555]
[0.29517224431037903]
[14.995343208312988]
[0.23279403150081635]
[0.11804773658514023]
[0.341715931892395]
[0.1289883404970169]
[0.20472627878189087]
[0.09093482792377472]
[1.08217191696167]
[0.2873213291168213]
[0.1987413763999939]
[1.1688992977142334]
[0.13050833344459534]
[0.1278887242078781]
[0.12467005103826523]
[0.13304992020130157]
[0.14824847877025604]
[0.30470478534698486]
[0.13644148409366608]
[0.10509119927883148]
[0.21709659695625305]
[1.4924885034561157]
[0.18069647252559662]
[0.5961309671401978]
[14.903228759765625]
[0.11804678291082382]
[0.17404036223888397]
[0.6152223348617554]
[1.7903910875320435]
[0.1843908727169037]
[0.17783506214618683]
[0.11600072681903839]
[0.39403897523880005]
[0.37414902448654175]
[0.09270258992910385]
[0.4540368914604187]
[0.09849833697080612]
[0.3206073045730591]
[0.16439680755138397]
[0.10617436468601227]
[0.3912400007247925]
[0.12339995056390762]
[0.2738231420516968]
[0.09372452646493912]
[0.14194104075431824]
[0.42782828211784363]
[0.09330359101295471]
[0.13150960206985474]
[0.0976700559258461]
[13.956860542297363]
[0.09473118185997009]
[0.22140659391880035]
[0.5717437863349915]
[35.401710510253906]
[0.1195601373910904]
[1.1189173460006714]
[0.2758645713329315]
[0.2129361927509308]
[4.6744890213012695]
[61.288902282714844]
[0.23300489783287048]
[0.7910593152046204]
[11.333518981933594]
[0.18871146440505981]
[0.11624640226364136]
[0.06813967227935791]
[0.08120927959680557]
[14.392508506774902]
[3.8519070148468018]
[425.8621520996094]
[0.1928720921278]
[1.9913148880004883]
[0.13141188025474548]
[0.08816273510456085]
[14.134801864624023]
[0.11607655882835388]
[0.1311156153678894]
[0.154269739985466]
[0.31540560722351074]
[0.25109854340553284]
[0.29287058115005493]
[0.15307994186878204]
[50.9809684753418]
[0.46268412470817566]
[1.8039910793304443]
[0.13039931654930115]
[210.43048095703125]
[0.26481983065605164]
[139.3058319091797]
[0.12880027294158936]
[0.5496177673339844]
[1.403679609298706]
[0.12341203540563583]
[0.12973177433013916]
[0.14604157209396362]
[0.8688156604766846]
[1.824205756187439]
[2.7708771228790283]
[0.10958120226860046]
[0.44412699341773987]
[0.1443226933479309]
[0.2862500250339508]
[0.10554423928260803]
[0.13018524646759033]
[0.17625711858272552]
[0.1316959410905838]
[1.266695261001587]
[0.10446633398532867]
[0.1626904457807541]
[0.20950916409492493]
[0.1631251722574234]
[0.12134385108947754]
[0.13127988576889038]
[0.19745256006717682]
[0.1373903900384903]
[0.673561155796051]
[0.24590827524662018]
[0.2892400026321411]
[0.1591200977563858]
[51.438934326171875]
[0.08837994933128357]
[117.14352416992188]
[5.713708400726318]
[1.1038719415664673]
[0.23012785613536835]
[2.1795504093170166]
[0.11941306293010712]
[0.14065852761268616]
[11.791682243347168]
[0.13955284655094147]
[105.76191711425781]
[0.21022914350032806]
[0.12245695292949677]
[0.7992066740989685]
[0.1183302104473114]
[0.20931586623191833]
[1.2551110982894897]
[0.08025068044662476]
[190.52174377441406]
[0.11556761711835861]
[0.16554288566112518]
[0.3173600435256958]
[0.13681429624557495]
[1.565976619720459]
[0.18996208906173706]
[0.13415728509426117]
[0.10388187319040298]
[0.14126640558242798]
[1.9954819679260254]
[0.1295320987701416]
[0.4900497794151306]
[0.13276682794094086]
[0.1417851597070694]
[0.10933994501829147]
[0.0933842584490776]
[0.18537382781505585]
[0.26112261414527893]
[0.154567688703537]
[0.25286754965782166]
[0.26847517490386963]
[0.12688523530960083]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.9940033555030823]
[2.122056722640991]
[4.426302909851074]
[0.09937186539173126]
[0.7494034767150879]
[0.6084753274917603]
[0.32365214824676514]
[0.1220996305346489]
[0.8245606422424316]
[0.5868290662765503]
[0.2663070857524872]
[54.21261215209961]
[0.08793599158525467]
[0.12271463125944138]
[9.27728271484375]
[0.16907250881195068]
[0.12932759523391724]
[0.11479704827070236]
[0.2112480103969574]
[0.2897768020629883]
[0.17472456395626068]
[0.06983524560928345]
[0.12407374382019043]
[3.5778677463531494]
[0.7751383781433105]
[18.336828231811523]
[0.13335438072681427]
[1.240238904953003]
[1.7274242639541626]
[0.1315704882144928]
[0.34546905755996704]
[0.10859572142362595]
[0.1397133767604828]
[0.05698356032371521]
[0.1248539537191391]
[0.110367052257061]
[2.88224720954895]
[0.11406019330024719]
[99.64077758789062]
[0.11966213583946228]
[0.15934157371520996]
[0.11601755768060684]
[0.06986385583877563]
[0.2577863335609436]
[0.23228773474693298]
[0.1853107213973999]
[11.02619743347168]
[1.2344162464141846]
[0.3281356394290924]
[0.06735006719827652]
[1.2325035333633423]
[8.269209861755371]
[0.16207928955554962]
[0.25507834553718567]
[0.22125640511512756]
[0.33090466260910034]
[13.914517402648926]
[0.1047879233956337]
[0.08742126822471619]
[0.15664368867874146]
[125.27998352050781]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.07075177878141403]
[0.08151207119226456]
[0.26556405425071716]
[0.17855778336524963]
[18.399551391601562]
[0.3250538110733032]
[0.360274076461792]
[0.2543187737464905]
[411.42852783203125]
[0.10260017216205597]
[0.49732521176338196]
[0.1312447041273117]
[0.07515102624893188]
[0.09667042642831802]
[0.1409851610660553]
[1.1665691137313843]
[0.09495124220848083]
[0.18229663372039795]
[0.16481143236160278]
[718.6788330078125]
[0.3858071267604828]
[0.1340143382549286]
[27.61562728881836]
[0.1343584507703781]
[0.18298757076263428]
[0.10148743540048599]
[0.25327450037002563]
[0.16938036680221558]
[0.1693742424249649]
[1.626380443572998]
[0.1758553832769394]
[0.1644231081008911]
[0.19777622818946838]
[0.30701783299446106]
[21.343130111694336]
[0.17545531690120697]
[0.23187562823295593]
[0.17172303795814514]
[22.430099487304688]
[0.7436231970787048]
[0.11267542093992233]
[2.704632043838501]
[8.337385177612305]
[0.19488734006881714]
[0.3435215651988983]
[0.13343989849090576]
[4.3971991539001465]
[0.1526837795972824]
[1.986079216003418]
[0.7293957471847534]
[1.3637475967407227]
[0.15900501608848572]
[1.1478676795959473]
[0.1306823343038559]
[0.19680768251419067]
[1.621689796447754]
[0.14370888471603394]
[0.1580481380224228]
[1.9918588399887085]
[0.14534452557563782]
[0.16977092623710632]
[0.14466586709022522]
[0.17009010910987854]
[0.11055725067853928]
[0.2320694476366043]
[0.14227868616580963]
[0.14301063120365143]
[0.1494896560907364]
[0.2898229658603668]
[0.321573406457901]
[0.3456374406814575]
[0.17396634817123413]
[0.27367305755615234]
[0.09631527960300446]
[0.7933561205863953]
[0.1109105795621872]
[9.482902526855469]
[0.10820858180522919]
[0.10197704285383224]
[0.17823956906795502]
[0.10369398444890976]
[0.11279407143592834]
[4.797942638397217]
[1.1045726537704468]
[0.10560416430234909]
[96.77159881591797]
[0.14206643402576447]
[1.768912672996521]
[0.07328318804502487]
[0.25531110167503357]
[0.08564701676368713]
[0.09620246291160583]
[0.0850505605340004]
[0.08586165308952332]
[1380.60546875]
[1.7162725925445557]
[11.68072509765625]
[100.91822052001953]
[0.11017794907093048]
[2.303886651992798]
[0.09459448605775833]
[0.09426014125347137]
[0.24045966565608978]
[0.7009211778640747]
[0.09174201637506485]
[0.15538281202316284]
[0.7310085892677307]
[0.1468963772058487]
[0.17088821530342102]
[1.5247234106063843]
[161.8309326171875]
[0.1804751455783844]
[0.2711755037307739]
[0.24655845761299133]
[0.07471564412117004]
[0.2728240489959717]
[0.10055678337812424]
[1.6599918603897095]
[0.07396414130926132]
[0.12567561864852905]
[3.93888521194458]
[0.2372451275587082]
[0.17350168526172638]
[1.4804421663284302]
[0.13956858217716217]
[0.6323661208152771]
[0.24855318665504456]
[0.13286133110523224]
[0.18176652491092682]
[0.5202219486236572]
[0.3990468680858612]
[0.2463095337152481]
[0.18222902715206146]
[0.28779610991477966]
[0.24678729474544525]
[0.11503373831510544]
[27.422706604003906]
[0.2593173086643219]
[0.18154677748680115]
[0.06906697154045105]
[0.1452072262763977]
[0.15424011647701263]
[27.29061508178711]
[0.1505395919084549]
[1.7798056602478027]
[0.14601804316043854]
[0.09348525106906891]
[1.490574598312378]
[0.24479936063289642]
[0.27874472737312317]
[59.45399475097656]
[1.823167085647583]
[29.728984832763672]
[0.09166737645864487]
[20.087520599365234]
[0.14040641486644745]
[0.1073073074221611]
[4.699706554412842]
[0.25280672311782837]
[1.227603793144226]
[0.07007478922605515]
[0.2978581190109253]
[0.11406015604734421]
[1.7573869228363037]
[0.08878899365663528]
[0.21044909954071045]
[0.0900825783610344]
[1.3877782821655273]
[0.05972454696893692]
[0.31273552775382996]
[30.302797317504883]
[0.09282753616571426]
[0.24103643000125885]
[0.06877078860998154]
[325.13433837890625]
[0.10321885347366333]
[0.08506938815116882]
[0.10902372002601624]
[0.08234503120183945]
[0.135204017162323]
[0.11345396190881729]
[0.08391527086496353]
[0.0886397659778595]
[0.21167242527008057]
[0.0769307091832161]
[0.02991137094795704]
[1169.5482177734375]
[0.12242001295089722]
[0.08656199276447296]
[5.591159820556641]
[0.16043703258037567]
[5.460841178894043]
[0.06709441542625427]
[0.06802274286746979]
[0.18614497780799866]
[0.24700798094272614]
[2.048046350479126]
[0.2589755654335022]
[0.16984809935092926]
[0.049912482500076294]
[0.18315589427947998]
[0.08987079560756683]
[0.34939906001091003]
[0.10456328094005585]
[0.3449364900588989]
[1.0647015571594238]
[0.13944272696971893]
[32.64912414550781]
[217.6934356689453]
[0.24740666151046753]
[0.4559902250766754]
[0.6571835279464722]
[0.118141308426857]
[1.616268515586853]
[0.29059910774230957]
[0.1414143443107605]
[5.01755952835083]
[0.5166233777999878]
[0.09257742017507553]
[1.0563162565231323]
[0.15043137967586517]
[0.08276069909334183]
[28.118267059326172]
[0.11864583939313889]
[0.3864244520664215]
[0.26032114028930664]
[0.10713120549917221]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.059584032744169235]
[0.47712090611457825]
[0.35181111097335815]
[0.30325379967689514]
[0.07135819643735886]
[0.14620128273963928]
[0.08583391457796097]
[0.2290879487991333]
[0.15540137887001038]
[0.2659071683883667]
[0.17771205306053162]
[0.02823972888290882]
[0.1597180962562561]
[0.8809568285942078]
[0.04133853316307068]
[0.1233876422047615]
[0.9305586218833923]
[0.03766009211540222]
[10.107619285583496]
[0.054985638707876205]
[0.09086531400680542]
[7.7567243576049805]
[0.12534210085868835]
[0.10134948045015335]
[0.06474553793668747]
[0.33045685291290283]
[1.2786316871643066]
[0.04482158273458481]
[0.04565710574388504]
[0.32587185502052307]
[0.1166059598326683]
[0.050630103796720505]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.10025064647197723]
[0.20424817502498627]
[0.07650426775217056]
[0.046162959188222885]
[0.18764396011829376]
[0.22175654768943787]
[0.8432594537734985]
[0.17714723944664001]
[0.03602046146988869]
[0.2289535403251648]
[0.06842917203903198]
[85.95133972167969]
[793.1883544921875]
[0.06472241133451462]
[0.15904036164283752]
[0.19839979708194733]
[0.0523868091404438]
[0.05414237082004547]
[0.1622222661972046]
[0.05423840880393982]
[0.05519422888755798]
[0.11446580290794373]
[2.288433074951172]
[3.2088406085968018]
[0.30194079875946045]
[0.10061924159526825]
[0.6677103638648987]
[0.056004710495471954]
[0.054029058665037155]
[12.66110610961914]
[0.3591850697994232]
[373.65545654296875]
conversion error
conversion error
[6.065425395965576]
[4.738712787628174]
[0.10585704445838928]
[0.1456286609172821]
[0.09277705103158951]
[0.11214600503444672]
[0.08237307518720627]
[2641.170654296875]
[0.05533323809504509]
[0.06349152326583862]
[3.1339609622955322]
[0.5790144205093384]
[1.9809101819992065]
[0.24201565980911255]
[0.1249784529209137]
[757.4248657226562]
[0.9232329726219177]
[5.9287238121032715]
[1.6010959148406982]
[0.3793173134326935]
[28.226783752441406]
[0.12103046476840973]
[0.1068165972828865]
[97.26151275634766]
[1.2935152053833008]
[0.14665643870830536]
[157.30038452148438]
[0.7035900950431824]
[0.6639121174812317]
[0.7966341376304626]
[1.3859370946884155]
[0.5512362122535706]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.22830548882484436]
[0.8489552140235901]
[0.1429881900548935]
[0.43686768412590027]
[3.3777971267700195]
[31.115158081054688]
[0.6060569882392883]
[1.5287753343582153]
[0.45546233654022217]
[0.6099194288253784]
[0.1713065207004547]
[2.6019949913024902]
[0.35663631558418274]
[0.1251448690891266]
[0.4747418463230133]
[0.1295471042394638]
[0.09484206885099411]
[0.10858507454395294]
[4.465696811676025]
[0.24208755791187286]
[0.8459843993186951]
[0.10410946607589722]
[0.10483501106500626]
[0.11688606441020966]
[0.30086827278137207]
[1.4571739435195923]
[1.3639949560165405]
[1.1874781847000122]
[0.13167831301689148]
[0.2088576704263687]
[10.633794784545898]
[0.5272446870803833]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.2850545048713684]
[0.16267281770706177]
[0.2625219225883484]
[0.22711622714996338]
[0.42672574520111084]
[0.6284700036048889]
[0.450777143239975]
[0.11713354289531708]
[3.2149572372436523]
[0.15527692437171936]
[0.2729029953479767]
[0.26316940784454346]
[1.2744370698928833]
[0.11153662949800491]
[0.6858866214752197]
[0.10246559232473373]
[0.2772374153137207]
[133.90863037109375]
[0.09127205610275269]
[0.08910850435495377]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.43222370743751526]
[6.232287406921387]
[0.10523393750190735]
[0.08015120774507523]
[0.09341675043106079]
[0.5257415771484375]
[0.11137890070676804]
[61.73331069946289]
[2.739776611328125]
[0.08708330988883972]
[2.9029152393341064]
[0.21505285799503326]
conversion error
[94.04489135742188]
[1.0419859886169434]
[0.23692047595977783]
[0.26783430576324463]
[0.0909329354763031]
[9.842057228088379]
[0.07358720153570175]
[124.35142517089844]
[0.08888963609933853]
[5.546351909637451]
[0.14561335742473602]
[18.160921096801758]
[0.6292321681976318]
[0.17361825704574585]
[0.18022923171520233]
[0.0955829992890358]
[0.21817351877689362]
[0.18277429044246674]
[1.3254437446594238]
[1.3242535591125488]
[59.084598541259766]
[0.08748508244752884]
[0.08361926674842834]
[122.31462097167969]
[336.984130859375]
[0.3247773051261902]
[0.31282803416252136]
[1.3060493469238281]
[0.7629429697990417]
[0.1754561960697174]
[0.15617690980434418]
[0.3727165162563324]
[55.425193786621094]
[0.4144521653652191]
[0.24776984751224518]
[0.1058613508939743]
[0.18679776787757874]
[0.40116310119628906]
[7.375860214233398]
[0.1394636183977127]
[0.20612743496894836]
[0.15526849031448364]
[0.16526146233081818]
[0.2685003876686096]
[0.09959354996681213]
[0.24126170575618744]
[0.13729283213615417]
[0.29036131501197815]
[0.128170445561409]
[0.3185098171234131]
[0.10649034380912781]
[1.8196405172348022]
[26.977632522583008]
[2.1434688568115234]
[0.2002052366733551]
[0.19377407431602478]
[0.2976195812225342]
[1.8197282552719116]
[0.09856565296649933]
[0.2890320420265198]
[0.16829237341880798]
[0.15007072687149048]
[8.14614486694336]
[0.11184284090995789]
[0.12724421918392181]
[0.1198001503944397]
[0.1217825710773468]
[0.11450189352035522]
[0.5517082214355469]
[105.59858703613281]
[0.270110547542572]
[0.2515485882759094]
[0.6120397448539734]
[14.613434791564941]
[0.10151788592338562]
[0.10823947936296463]
[0.08418405801057816]
[0.19334866106510162]
[0.15889987349510193]
[0.204175665974617]
[0.14791548252105713]
[0.1600387692451477]
[0.33158642053604126]
[111.92456817626953]
[1.0958075523376465]
[0.08749780058860779]
[6.001410961151123]
[0.15111084282398224]
[0.16204528510570526]
[0.33002299070358276]
[23.905179977416992]
[0.10982546955347061]
[0.10875669121742249]
[54.8399658203125]
[0.2985193431377411]
[0.11357037723064423]
[0.2528202533721924]
[1.7881600856781006]
[5.3896870613098145]
[6.931614875793457]
[0.14390268921852112]
[1.0746616125106812]
[1.2585992813110352]
[0.11081954836845398]
[0.5052586197853088]
[0.37831035256385803]
[0.49261873960494995]
[1.7793567180633545]
[0.266465425491333]
[0.3286938965320587]
[0.09683571010828018]
[0.3177366554737091]
[1.7681711912155151]
[0.18391002714633942]
[0.17362524569034576]
[0.23165445029735565]
[0.29117676615715027]
[0.2021452784538269]
[0.19313514232635498]
[0.20633377134799957]
[0.11123877763748169]
[6.706172466278076]
[0.15759433805942535]
[0.08589726686477661]
[0.299925833940506]
[1.052859902381897]
[0.27995800971984863]
[392.3754577636719]
[0.25626111030578613]
[1.2451146841049194]
[0.21546536684036255]
[0.7837512493133545]
[0.3868199288845062]
[0.27843356132507324]
[0.6341398358345032]
[0.25382673740386963]
[0.3413008451461792]
[13.321115493774414]
[0.17834657430648804]
[3.0064046382904053]
[0.45609626173973083]
[0.2755354046821594]
[0.21380963921546936]
[0.27979767322540283]
[0.5161640048027039]
[0.7807563543319702]
[0.8995574712753296]
[0.4518844187259674]
[1.8312976360321045]
[54.98100662231445]
[0.5838781595230103]
[0.5819588303565979]
[0.21656452119350433]
[0.38216152787208557]
[0.48386719822883606]
[0.40749725699424744]
[2.970834732055664]
[1.8869110345840454]
[0.12314964085817337]
[0.5264353156089783]
conversion error
[101.9417495727539]
[3.3876168727874756]
[16.901012420654297]
[0.33344578742980957]
[0.3293721079826355]
[146.99363708496094]
[1.3983442783355713]
[0.16671009361743927]
[98.70018768310547]
[101.45343780517578]
[0.31203699111938477]
[0.5311552286148071]
[0.1417015790939331]
[0.7269665598869324]
[0.13081932067871094]
[0.13016344606876373]
[0.17750903964042664]
[0.12492579221725464]
[0.17906706035137177]
[0.13551393151283264]
[0.2544703781604767]
[0.31472286581993103]
[0.2083115577697754]
[0.48512503504753113]
[0.1116999164223671]
[0.21445244550704956]
[0.14554883539676666]
[0.3522382080554962]
[0.19528621435165405]
[0.277201771736145]
[11.895516395568848]
[1.068972110748291]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.1682184785604477]
[0.192021906375885]
[0.2549145817756653]
[0.1419197916984558]
[0.1363176852464676]
[0.11924586445093155]
[1.0042979717254639]
[4.902537822723389]
[0.16226400434970856]
[1.23386812210083]
[0.15085364878177643]
[0.11088865250349045]
[0.16202673316001892]
[1.5381296873092651]
[96.02377319335938]
[0.3986138105392456]
[0.15285275876522064]
[2.12021541595459]
[0.2665708065032959]
[0.18244321644306183]
[0.08572449535131454]
[0.19166100025177002]
[1.7350399494171143]
[102.94158172607422]
[0.3255113661289215]
[0.07060855627059937]
[0.06644520163536072]
[0.1229657530784607]
[0.34944361448287964]
[16.452465057373047]
[0.0711798220872879]
[0.3997816741466522]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.5793169736862183]
[1.3795514106750488]
[21.278331756591797]
[0.12346147745847702]
[0.30813947319984436]
[0.15638171136379242]
[0.09779820591211319]
[0.19738560914993286]
[0.17467308044433594]
[0.11253005266189575]
[0.16625471413135529]
[0.2066085785627365]
[0.551662802696228]
[0.08432479947805405]
[0.26704737544059753]
[1.0750105381011963]
[0.25627467036247253]
[1.7030028104782104]
[0.11467402428388596]
[1.7718725204467773]
[0.10722682625055313]
[0.075291708111763]
[2.1543514728546143]
[0.19224052131175995]
[0.07960162311792374]
[9.708369255065918]
[0.0760856419801712]
[53.03227233886719]
[0.19617176055908203]
[0.07304660975933075]
[0.2673364579677582]
[0.061548471450805664]
conversion error
conversion error
[6.657965183258057]
[0.10886111855506897]
[1.5476841926574707]
[0.11654499173164368]
[0.6282710433006287]
[0.10764849931001663]
[0.10963849723339081]
[0.09603851288557053]
[0.07030415534973145]
[0.07520990818738937]
[0.1616283655166626]
[0.09160284698009491]
[0.14694665372371674]
[1.203197956085205]
[0.10590359568595886]
[0.19516752660274506]
[0.0692843571305275]
[0.1621963083744049]
[1.4123222827911377]
[0.48229458928108215]
[0.05223245546221733]
[1.1664721965789795]
[0.1168396845459938]
[323.77166748046875]
[0.23518900573253632]
[2.4680871963500977]
[0.49762099981307983]
[1.0260661840438843]
[0.6472061276435852]
[3.5347957611083984]
[0.10867547988891602]
[27.727643966674805]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.11900828033685684]
[0.11685449630022049]
[0.12755508720874786]
[97.26615905761719]
[0.06545257568359375]
[0.09116304665803909]
[0.06669893860816956]
[0.2860710024833679]
[0.6691533923149109]
[0.11214732378721237]
[0.060554757714271545]
[0.11464645713567734]
[0.07159199565649033]
[0.07738262414932251]
[0.09703204035758972]
[91.01998138427734]
[0.059392690658569336]
[0.09717902541160583]
[0.09209524840116501]
[0.16626232862472534]
[0.2469550520181656]
[0.07916168868541718]
[0.11339490860700607]
[0.14636097848415375]
[0.0711725726723671]
[0.06711279600858688]
[0.29416894912719727]
[0.1399983912706375]
[0.1379937082529068]
[20.31800079345703]
[0.05185389518737793]
[17.619081497192383]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.12457766383886337]
[0.05913928151130676]
[684.0181884765625]
[0.48861560225486755]
[0.13951139152050018]
[0.21065574884414673]
[0.15721306204795837]
[0.24719694256782532]
[0.11361611634492874]
[0.7789285182952881]
[0.31747618317604065]
[0.09202548116445541]
[0.08653760701417923]
[9.415533065795898]
[0.1677199751138687]
[0.19423893094062805]
[0.12647409737110138]
[22.774946212768555]
[0.2838971018791199]
[0.3153041899204254]
[0.23114290833473206]
[0.1467551589012146]
[0.1278635561466217]
[1798.9573974609375]
[0.08176985383033752]
[0.42477646470069885]
[0.18071739375591278]
[0.5486798882484436]
[0.5951465368270874]
[0.738094687461853]
[0.24868349730968475]
[0.2496720850467682]
conversion error
conversion error
[3.936558723449707]
[0.1674153208732605]
[6.6384968757629395]
[8.05459213256836]
[16.669939041137695]
[0.7595595717430115]
[1.5103073120117188]
[4.781561374664307]
[11.639744758605957]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[193.22622680664062]
[1.0925430059432983]
[16.196203231811523]
[0.1962323784828186]
[0.06374242901802063]
[2.1789698600769043]
[0.3783828318119049]
[0.22670800983905792]
[0.939770519733429]
[0.17217330634593964]
[0.31594789028167725]
[219.0863494873047]
[0.8596262335777283]
[0.13059556484222412]
[0.06006120517849922]
[17.7646541595459]
[73.96014404296875]
[1.9290083646774292]
[0.8823730945587158]
[0.25188779830932617]
[0.108952596783638]
[0.23234856128692627]
[2.0718839168548584]
[0.24163362383842468]
[0.6108905673027039]
[4.360978603363037]
[0.1140630692243576]
[0.5177700519561768]
[0.21796470880508423]
[0.1317298263311386]
[0.2009694129228592]
[3.966909170150757]
[0.21972566843032837]
[1.3068233728408813]
[272.10076904296875]
[1.6061546802520752]
[0.9175846576690674]
[5.23342227935791]
[0.15069474279880524]
[4.84296178817749]
[0.1831727772951126]
[3.4378185272216797]
[5.04934549331665]
[0.23722657561302185]
[5.078210353851318]
[0.6338174343109131]
[13.179049491882324]
[0.1758386492729187]
[68.52864837646484]
[0.1848316341638565]
[0.24132104218006134]
[0.194036066532135]
[1.386191964149475]
[0.38553744554519653]
[5.551027297973633]
[1.128747820854187]
[0.7882646918296814]
[0.26708707213401794]
[0.2116851955652237]
[0.22957082092761993]
[0.29939281940460205]
[0.18977242708206177]
[0.16224683821201324]
[522.3281860351562]
[0.21366745233535767]
[0.33363255858421326]
[0.29868924617767334]
[2.0650458335876465]
[0.8220561146736145]
[0.1862584352493286]
[0.21792255342006683]
[0.17701978981494904]
[0.286800354719162]
[0.19622012972831726]
[497.169677734375]
[0.36822864413261414]
[5.471926689147949]
[1.1941241025924683]
[141.12692260742188]
[0.314243882894516]
[0.275569349527359]
[0.9798746705055237]
[106.90277099609375]
[13.44236946105957]
[35.676639556884766]
[1.174720048904419]
[0.3137775659561157]
[0.4335644841194153]
[0.4140937030315399]
[0.3371554911136627]
[0.43189603090286255]
[0.41423356533050537]
[8.112493515014648]
[0.5485841631889343]
[0.3462837338447571]
[0.29979407787323]
[0.3627266585826874]
[0.46669745445251465]
[0.5851464867591858]
[84.14120483398438]
[0.32962557673454285]
[0.34006667137145996]
[0.6240203380584717]
[1.2809165716171265]
[0.5463992953300476]
[0.8970778584480286]
[0.3053494393825531]
[0.8224413990974426]
[306.94232177734375]
[0.38683727383613586]
[59.356266021728516]
[0.49546951055526733]
[11.134657859802246]
[0.3954838514328003]
[0.4465804398059845]
[0.5992493629455566]
[36.314945220947266]
[5.274811267852783]
[0.4483523964881897]
[1.1095595359802246]
[0.2840355336666107]
[0.40198543667793274]
[0.36475810408592224]
[0.36646556854248047]
[0.30309170484542847]
[123.51608276367188]
[1.6531920433044434]
[8.401063919067383]
[4.9268012046813965]
[0.468777060508728]
[1.021671175956726]
[0.11521830409765244]
[0.3223475217819214]
[0.2536151111125946]
[0.22308732569217682]
[0.18847763538360596]
[0.19961316883563995]
[2.0546584129333496]
[1.6069973707199097]
[388.88848876953125]
[1.1123051643371582]
[0.29405149817466736]
[3.9292685985565186]
[0.2160901129245758]
[0.2779626250267029]
[0.30030933022499084]
[0.2465398907661438]
[0.20355224609375]
[0.25175270438194275]
[0.6038289070129395]
[0.3711148500442505]
[57.270870208740234]
[0.2900542914867401]
[0.31934788823127747]
[0.4588645100593567]
[0.26602956652641296]
[1.9955275058746338]
[0.3976304531097412]
[0.3260873854160309]
[160.92599487304688]
[0.6319866180419922]
[0.3368664085865021]
[0.24879464507102966]
[1.15178382396698]
[0.30436480045318604]
[0.13151338696479797]
[54.55912780761719]
[51.47703552246094]
[0.24207958579063416]
[0.19639067351818085]
[0.16131393611431122]
[0.17403550446033478]
[6.30539083480835]
[10.611882209777832]
[0.19324147701263428]
[0.2637138366699219]
[0.6983827352523804]
[0.21353326737880707]
[0.24758033454418182]
[101.51810455322266]
[2.670546054840088]
[7.884026050567627]
[0.2126217782497406]
[0.13267174363136292]
[0.15083903074264526]
[12.708840370178223]
[99.2578125]
[0.211492657661438]
[0.1461629718542099]
[0.1674836277961731]
[0.3315782845020294]
[0.28781065344810486]
[0.15351466834545135]
[0.16643086075782776]
[47.750450134277344]
[0.15281592309474945]
[0.4016605019569397]
[2.0236191749572754]
[2.518868923187256]
[0.16899441182613373]
[0.15294335782527924]
[0.7562577128410339]
[0.17932182550430298]
[0.23363099992275238]
[0.7949807643890381]
[0.20000207424163818]
[9.975920677185059]
[0.6389321684837341]
[0.4795476198196411]
[1.119431972503662]
[0.15915760397911072]
[0.20090430974960327]
[4.193495750427246]
[0.4555564522743225]
[0.12311306595802307]
[0.15325874090194702]
[0.5971865057945251]
[0.21138489246368408]
[168.9645538330078]
[148.73675537109375]
[0.16104178130626678]
[12.617181777954102]
[0.16359299421310425]
[0.19810131192207336]
[0.15303416550159454]
[4.3786940574646]
[10.518977165222168]
[0.1855316013097763]
[0.2535531520843506]
[0.13670194149017334]
[0.17672336101531982]
[0.11804766952991486]
[0.16502773761749268]
[0.13326135277748108]
[0.166325181722641]
[0.9856265187263489]
[0.11398090422153473]
[0.11120757460594177]
[0.7006468772888184]
[0.11444297432899475]
[0.3129812180995941]
[0.2593860626220703]
[1.0050020217895508]
[1.6240012645721436]
[5.688933849334717]
[0.24584782123565674]
[0.13708120584487915]
[0.26415392756462097]
[0.09498026221990585]
[0.09140971302986145]
[4.692408084869385]
[0.0919327512383461]
[0.20401063561439514]
[4.155279159545898]
[0.1289186328649521]
[0.1555676907300949]
[0.23114129900932312]
[1.4539806842803955]
[0.08719208836555481]
[0.07887682318687439]
[1.2849618196487427]
[0.20425190031528473]
[0.06494831293821335]
[0.18713322281837463]
[19.893260955810547]
[0.06432656943798065]
[0.07251498848199844]
[0.1862112432718277]
[48.97968292236328]
[2.569777011871338]
[1.602819561958313]
[0.20664110779762268]
[0.27291274070739746]
[0.16991743445396423]
[0.19763897359371185]
[0.1335173398256302]
[0.05766129866242409]
[0.23690944910049438]
[0.12865224480628967]
[0.19132301211357117]
[0.40839001536369324]
[0.2544502913951874]
[0.06580990552902222]
[0.1877012401819229]
[2.629142999649048]
[0.1349371075630188]
[1.1061816215515137]
[0.2262311726808548]
[0.2067137211561203]
[0.173004150390625]
[0.10040974617004395]
[0.0627656877040863]
[0.19236408174037933]
[0.06121261417865753]
[0.13041745126247406]
[0.14695411920547485]
[0.06302052736282349]
[0.0760040432214737]
[92.29202270507812]
[0.08297248929738998]
[0.6056908965110779]
[0.0919627770781517]
[0.08251452445983887]
[4.680729389190674]
[0.07779568433761597]
[0.08063860982656479]
[0.08971516788005829]
[50.293399810791016]
[1.0729042291641235]
[0.07097510248422623]
[0.07425995171070099]
[0.561771035194397]
[0.3584880828857422]
[0.0901329442858696]
[0.1125166118144989]
[0.07164867222309113]
[0.6253860592842102]
[0.831278920173645]
[0.10021242499351501]
[1.0565495491027832]
[0.06797032803297043]
[0.06541871279478073]
[0.05241352692246437]
[0.05281006917357445]
[0.06147307902574539]
[0.06965246796607971]
[47.03355026245117]
[1.2446099519729614]
[0.10122551023960114]
[0.2800285816192627]
[0.060332465916872025]
[0.05098046734929085]
[0.07796239107847214]
[0.5595514178276062]
[0.11164511740207672]
[1.7677586078643799]
[35.7753791809082]
[0.08245359361171722]
[1.7689032554626465]
[0.11459170281887054]
[317.7321472167969]
[83.09095001220703]
[0.09340772032737732]
conversion error
[0.19822733104228973]
[0.07150255888700485]
[1.0408141613006592]
[0.25938594341278076]
[44.625343322753906]
[0.27951163053512573]
[2.0646419525146484]
[0.2374373823404312]
[1.7750766277313232]
[0.10135377198457718]
[1.3222776651382446]
[0.1299346536397934]
[0.09805760532617569]
[0.29160434007644653]
[0.09498102962970734]
[0.37534648180007935]
[0.14760717749595642]
[0.14533469080924988]
[11.129997253417969]
[12.616918563842773]
[87.7002944946289]
[3.005465507507324]
[0.20250798761844635]
[0.13186389207839966]
[1.4973982572555542]
[0.2464519888162613]
[0.10762391984462738]
[0.33133628964424133]
[24.844558715820312]
[1.1432174444198608]
[0.1366739720106125]
[0.07929727435112]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.15949411690235138]
[146.49832153320312]
[0.14322048425674438]
[0.19552123546600342]
[0.11904802918434143]
[80.7412338256836]
[0.11622875183820724]
[1.8238046169281006]
[0.7193873524665833]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created

[24.12343978881836]
[0.1112251877784729]
[0.104804627597332]
[0.10052255541086197]
[0.3459450602531433]
[0.11601410806179047]
[0.116606205701828]
[0.3050845265388489]
[0.13900765776634216]
[0.2996392250061035]
[0.11319072544574738]
[0.15599027276039124]
[0.27913570404052734]
[3.939746379852295]
[0.11438917368650436]
[0.23304066061973572]
[1.152031421661377]
[195.15296936035156]
[48.032615661621094]
[1.699008584022522]
[0.12798184156417847]
[0.061651796102523804]
[0.177730992436409]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[1.1808518171310425]
[33.197906494140625]
[0.11365223675966263]
[0.09613795578479767]
[0.07359752058982849]
[0.24249643087387085]
[1.6073559522628784]
[10.107617378234863]
[4.411783695220947]
[8.553914070129395]
[0.1050201803445816]
[670.6539306640625]
[0.12664102017879486]
[0.06553874909877777]
[0.08460848778486252]
[0.2948700487613678]
[9.84805965423584]
[0.103912353515625]
[0.10612477362155914]
[0.11157047003507614]
[0.14548613131046295]
[1.7915534973144531]
[10.343097686767578]
[0.18622593581676483]
[0.086805060505867]
[0.08617940545082092]
[0.10091426968574524]
[0.05414540693163872]
[0.12229534238576889]
[7.420961380004883]
[0.07436379045248032]
[0.04946638643741608]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.05836208909749985]
[0.17617622017860413]
[0.06437472254037857]
[0.13336777687072754]
[116.39527130126953]
[2.087941884994507]
[0.10880423337221146]
[0.08935683965682983]
[0.0798555240035057]
[14.985983848571777]
[0.1830725073814392]
[1.0577499866485596]
[7.190979480743408]
[0.16583925485610962]
[0.2590910792350769]
[0.1265934854745865]
[0.3081913888454437]
[0.745067834854126]
[2.16681170463562]
[0.22481557726860046]
[0.2474220097064972]
[0.8372379541397095]
[95.91033172607422]
[0.23572412133216858]
[0.33725711703300476]
[2.2609100341796875]
[0.12028466165065765]
[0.16343146562576294]
[0.3650002181529999]
[0.10685668140649796]
[0.931546688079834]
[0.17667217552661896]
conversion error
conversion error
[3.8469042778015137]
[0.16880802810192108]
[0.1560209095478058]
[2.953455924987793]
[0.14103935658931732]
[2.0205326080322266]
[0.19758695363998413]
[0.13232266902923584]
[0.28250500559806824]
[0.22549320757389069]
[0.28756099939346313]
[2.1495821475982666]
[25.36041259765625]
[0.12438568472862244]
[96.6950912475586]
[0.12708580493927002]
[4.533055305480957]
[0.15612755715847015]
[14992.6533203125]
[0.23368534445762634]
[0.4177131652832031]
[1.2572853565216064]
[1.325034737586975]
[26.18389129638672]
[1.174323558807373]
[4.0587077140808105]
[1.2577916383743286]
[1.8380540609359741]
[1.7897899150848389]
[2.5794179439544678]
[7.108186721801758]
[8.717632293701172]
conversion error
conversion error
[7.8277482986450195]
[1.2563238143920898]
[4.1372880935668945]
[2.4329402446746826]
[5.798520088195801]
[10.094095230102539]
[343.2417297363281]
[5.5137128829956055]
[2.827613592147827]
[14.192549705505371]
[4.434627056121826]
[8.244497299194336]
[127.11792755126953]
[0.790831983089447]
[1.3714680671691895]
[0.712333083152771]
[1.8593993186950684]
[4.405584812164307]
[5.6389665603637695]
[1.5689592361450195]
[1.3076924085617065]
[3.837658166885376]
[52.128936767578125]
[3.052642583847046]
[2.0973310470581055]
[0.5538105964660645]
[3.038376808166504]
[1.8085025548934937]
[1.8041467666625977]
[1.0621777772903442]
[17.511568069458008]
[1.6487492322921753]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.3494752645492554]
[2.549368381500244]
[3.4355340003967285]
[1.8012886047363281]
[2.5742359161376953]
[0.39471298456192017]
[2.572925090789795]
[2.6702706813812256]
[0.9075341820716858]
[305.18133544921875]
[0.3309503197669983]
[9.849859237670898]
[0.5977768898010254]
[1.3384687900543213]
[0.6677273511886597]
[2.0539422035217285]
[0.6477947235107422]
[1.8079663515090942]
[3.2866933345794678]
[1.750475287437439]
[1.2333623170852661]
[2.4335620403289795]
[2.766554832458496]
[0.8951131701469421]
[0.42513206601142883]
[1.4791063070297241]
[2.7824184894561768]
[68.33861541748047]
[0.37817850708961487]
[2.6211812496185303]
[15.902880668640137]
[2.195172071456909]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.5736744403839111]
[31.618396759033203]
[3.170985460281372]
[7.89615535736084]
[0.46839621663093567]
[2.565650224685669]
[0.6874269247055054]
[1.1409739255905151]
[2.56085205078125]
[3.2391884326934814]
[0.48695313930511475]
[4.83613395690918]
[0.2378363013267517]
[1.2957007884979248]
[0.2891227602958679]
[0.5744639039039612]
[0.5261698365211487]
[3.3356075286865234]
[0.8965979218482971]
[0.31476086378097534]
[1.298945665359497]
[0.5238239169120789]
[0.7681095600128174]
[1.0341525077819824]
[0.32669639587402344]
[1.7009854316711426]
[1.3929200172424316]
[0.5828513503074646]
[0.26418858766555786]
[0.4323447346687317]
[0.2450142502784729]
[0.5998169183731079]
conversion error
conversion error
[669.131103515625]
[0.3350462019443512]
[0.2721026539802551]
[0.6032955050468445]
[2.8699567317962646]
[0.7997831702232361]
[0.5476763248443604]
[2.455718517303467]
[137.79339599609375]
[0.8751767873764038]
[1.017081379890442]
[5.892037391662598]
[1.6967142820358276]
[5.785120964050293]
[9.320061683654785]
[8.508796691894531]
[0.25400158762931824]
[0.6001847982406616]
[3.9488232135772705]
[0.47831782698631287]
[4.726376056671143]
[126.29814147949219]
[0.47797057032585144]
[0.5221675038337708]
[1.0935379266738892]
[0.822526216506958]
[0.5525850653648376]
[1.5253022909164429]
[0.4549531638622284]
[11.116850852966309]
[0.24654409289360046]
[0.14682765305042267]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.9789248108863831]
[0.47489461302757263]
[0.48502272367477417]
[0.24382399022579193]
[0.2662877142429352]
[57.125736236572266]
[0.8913809061050415]
[0.5494799017906189]
[0.3744410574436188]
[0.5803524851799011]
[1.245715618133545]
[1.1851146221160889]
[0.2762880027294159]
[0.15160542726516724]
[12.228082656860352]
[2.5323596000671387]
[0.13469792902469635]
[1.4326432943344116]
[3.8684298992156982]
[0.38817551732063293]
[100.630859375]
[0.18365541100502014]
[0.524176299571991]
[0.2870793640613556]
[0.33899906277656555]
[0.5641270875930786]
[20.651351928710938]
[0.1428854912519455]
[0.274574875831604]
[0.3276298940181732]
[0.17124150693416595]
[0.29226285219192505]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.31368809938430786]
[0.15849795937538147]
[1.9485969543457031]
[0.2858230471611023]
[0.1612316519021988]
[0.5564737915992737]
[0.2923983931541443]
[2114.2236328125]
[625.2431640625]
[0.3518446981906891]
[0.4747750163078308]
[0.28561410307884216]
[0.8699079155921936]
[0.84464430809021]
[0.6526110768318176]
[0.36775320768356323]
[11.79406452178955]
[1.3897987604141235]
[0.7911069393157959]
[0.4511837065219879]
[0.5322235226631165]
[0.6298661828041077]
[70.3710708618164]
[0.22190916538238525]
[7.3733744621276855]
[1.2419296503067017]
[17.419374465942383]
[5.4048051834106445]
[0.5299479961395264]
[0.5278457403182983]
[0.5553401708602905]
[0.48461398482322693]
conversion error
conversion error
[139.84109497070312]
[0.2586176097393036]
[0.8488960862159729]
[0.4132198989391327]
[0.20499074459075928]
[0.3339344263076782]
[0.20821300148963928]
[0.326284795999527]
[0.2875322997570038]
[0.1460070013999939]
[0.6454836130142212]
[0.4114072918891907]
[0.3312561810016632]
[3.0789976119995117]
[0.39207401871681213]
[0.27996549010276794]
[1.951722264289856]
[18.611793518066406]
[1.9294673204421997]
[0.21675771474838257]
[0.18107837438583374]
[0.27296096086502075]
[0.9580051302909851]
[5.966615676879883]
[1.6422077417373657]
[0.6443485021591187]
[0.35087817907333374]
[0.12791186571121216]
[0.24234674870967865]
[0.31104302406311035]
[84.89083099365234]
[1.2611632347106934]
conversion error
conversion error
[4.4898552894592285]
[0.25611621141433716]
[0.3311399817466736]
[5436.93994140625]
[0.2248881757259369]
[16.76243782043457]
[0.3058573305606842]
[2.187818765640259]
[50.390098571777344]
[0.8088451623916626]
[0.7330930829048157]
[0.5462735891342163]
[0.5160595178604126]
[1.2823978662490845]
[1.680046558380127]
[0.9361515641212463]
[5.6292290687561035]
[1.465874433517456]
[1.4561344385147095]
[1.2908337116241455]
[1.564915657043457]
[1.5890921354293823]
[48.916481018066406]
[2.019547462463379]
[1.3250105381011963]
[0.39934471249580383]
[1.4199453592300415]
[2.0884037017822266]
[1.8412686586380005]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.204978585243225]
[1.4342302083969116]
[1.3516589403152466]
conversion error
conversion error
[68.42808532714844]
[0.8184404969215393]
[0.739702045917511]
[1.6664252281188965]
[0.3733712136745453]
[4.437685012817383]
[0.9421817064285278]
[1.0030827522277832]
[36.85575866699219]
[0.9879530072212219]
[1.0159132480621338]
[3.965749502182007]
[74.49666595458984]
[7.413167953491211]
[0.24799560010433197]
[0.7650167942047119]
[0.820522665977478]
[1.1157110929489136]
[0.6254149079322815]
[7.301619052886963]
[3.3853635787963867]
[0.6118971705436707]
[2542.90625]
[0.6866371631622314]
[0.16985347867012024]
[45.04826736450195]
[18.521825790405273]
[1.0761706829071045]
[0.28824326395988464]
[1.1538434028625488]
[1.6467148065567017]
[1.6843594312667847]
[0.913733959197998]
[47.855873107910156]
[1.1168453693389893]
[47.988006591796875]
[1.3346590995788574]
[13.023638725280762]
[0.7367856502532959]
[0.6670258045196533]
[1.046579122543335]
[0.924049973487854]
[1.189440369606018]
[0.9147295355796814]
[10.17954158782959]
[1.047693133354187]
[88.60781860351562]
[0.9014139771461487]
[0.5008357763290405]
[32.905887603759766]
[0.6613275408744812]
[10.523194313049316]
[0.21899136900901794]
[1.029658555984497]
[1.1467053890228271]
[0.24053841829299927]
[0.1723603755235672]
[7.206043243408203]
[1.3795394897460938]
[0.9492331147193909]
[0.5204920768737793]
[0.8682681322097778]
[1.5906306505203247]
[1.479600191116333]
[1.1946916580200195]
[3.441145420074463]
[1.988340139389038]
[1.4901889562606812]
[0.25818416476249695]
[0.6908211708068848]
[1.524937391281128]
[0.4550127685070038]
[0.9856175780296326]
[0.7095795273780823]
[1.0488946437835693]
[0.5693166851997375]
[0.3628384470939636]
[1.0426418781280518]
[1.000213623046875]
[0.631140947341919]
[0.7640960812568665]
[30.560453414916992]
[0.6497799754142761]
[0.9568700194358826]
[3.4505434036254883]
[0.38918033242225647]
[0.3875775933265686]
[1.1192964315414429]
[0.3323841094970703]
[0.806771457195282]
[0.25774213671684265]
[0.39251136779785156]
[36.48008728027344]
[1.1227155923843384]
[3.5901012420654297]
[0.6364827156066895]
[0.21168088912963867]
[0.5704272985458374]
[20.377182006835938]
[0.33705952763557434]
[0.34122633934020996]
[0.408610075712204]
[0.9879032373428345]
[0.41426587104797363]
[0.5834006667137146]
[2.7610461711883545]
[0.36366724967956543]
[0.5622455477714539]
[0.20972692966461182]
[0.29776138067245483]
[63.73854446411133]
[112.08248138427734]
[142.813720703125]
[0.22926491498947144]
[0.2953014671802521]
[0.29105809330940247]
[0.23815196752548218]
[0.23711606860160828]
[3.539719343185425]
[0.27742090821266174]
[0.9689726233482361]
[0.38164588809013367]
[0.4547920525074005]
[0.6383354663848877]
[0.3378477394580841]
[0.3066537082195282]
[0.20593588054180145]
[0.4033060371875763]
[1.4413931369781494]
[0.21481426060199738]
[0.28830280900001526]
[3.407773017883301]
[1.0753047466278076]
[0.41137436032295227]
[1.432904839515686]
[0.23321084678173065]
[0.3961430490016937]
[3.146181106567383]
[11.874384880065918]
[0.38627952337265015]
[0.509737491607666]
[0.26239722967147827]
[1.5091809034347534]
[0.21524138748645782]
[0.38948899507522583]
[122.55929565429688]
[45.69110870361328]
[0.446280300617218]
[0.26075637340545654]
[0.22075948119163513]
[0.5478859543800354]
[0.8927282691001892]
[0.5198021531105042]
[0.22355623543262482]
[0.3764975368976593]
[1.4439175128936768]
[0.48286911845207214]
[0.3631872832775116]
[2.5576729774475098]
[0.5051375031471252]
[76.21110534667969]
[0.7383974194526672]
[0.3612363934516907]
[1.5446686744689941]
[6.214205741882324]
[0.166298046708107]
[0.24933120608329773]
[0.11219301074743271]
[0.5187423825263977]
[0.1352555900812149]
[0.13116437196731567]
[0.5148510932922363]
[0.3006229102611542]
[56.504173278808594]
[0.23731058835983276]
[0.41201770305633545]
[0.2444099634885788]
[0.21129031479358673]
[1.509443998336792]
[0.22293497622013092]
[0.3201967477798462]
[0.23887035250663757]
[0.2286246418952942]
[0.2242143601179123]
[0.158775195479393]
[0.2797987461090088]
[1.259192705154419]
[0.32547828555107117]
[0.24804243445396423]
[133.62501525878906]
[1.4611152410507202]
[2.6606011390686035]
[0.16675883531570435]
[1.9587488174438477]
[6.317219257354736]
[0.2551199793815613]
[0.29320597648620605]
[43.06195831298828]
[0.19807936251163483]
[0.38473987579345703]
[0.7864711284637451]
[0.12624160945415497]
[0.28489723801612854]
[6.14610481262207]
[1.4950852394104004]
[1.5861332416534424]
[288.887451171875]
[0.1711307018995285]
[0.10080178081989288]
[0.21992790699005127]
[0.1256769895553589]
[0.15404236316680908]
[0.16661979258060455]
[0.15550079941749573]
[1.1630103588104248]
[0.2377263456583023]
[43.26736831665039]
[0.4193609654903412]
[4.1813554763793945]
[486.499267578125]
[374.8403015136719]
[0.23530694842338562]
[0.13776275515556335]
[4.493223190307617]
[0.23457235097885132]
[1.989894986152649]
[0.2521288990974426]
[1.4023444652557373]
[0.21169492602348328]
[0.4114857614040375]
[5.465452671051025]
[4.0655598640441895]
[0.350087970495224]
[77.78578186035156]
[0.3706984221935272]
[0.36354756355285645]
[0.34437456727027893]
[2.0100960731506348]
[1.7416795492172241]
[0.20696395635604858]
[0.3610111176967621]
[0.2758331894874573]
[74.53837585449219]
[216.6785888671875]
[0.2382282018661499]
[0.12722668051719666]
[1656.6212158203125]
[1.9407812356948853]
[19.107282638549805]
[1.1651383638381958]
[0.16719284653663635]
[1.2706433534622192]
[1.255366563796997]
[6.7318010330200195]
[0.7134760022163391]
[1.7610619068145752]
[5.923454761505127]
[205.0736541748047]
[2.825228214263916]
[3.628037929534912]
[4.870664596557617]
[403.1923828125]
[5.035953521728516]
[8.726198196411133]
[4.510001182556152]
[1.3648536205291748]
[0.8285937309265137]
[3.47245717048645]
[2.2797703742980957]
[0.48338544368743896]
[1.2478259801864624]
[1.8846182823181152]
[286.3267517089844]
[296.1506652832031]
[8.902095794677734]
[0.7346433997154236]
[1.3121777772903442]
[4.170637130737305]
[2.446938991546631]
[0.7407363057136536]
[11.345200538635254]
[2.6007955074310303]
[84.8613510131836]
[15.907073974609375]
[0.9784011840820312]
[1.2031538486480713]
[4.74101448059082]
[1.4951057434082031]
[2.8282036781311035]
[1.2456719875335693]
[10.620055198669434]
[26.629013061523438]
[0.8739604353904724]
[35.779232025146484]
[27438.904296875]
[1.1832116842269897]
[0.7628013491630554]
[80.773681640625]
[0.9370082020759583]
[2.5464043617248535]
[3.833751916885376]
[2.210049629211426]
[2.3199827671051025]
[2.5431630611419678]
[7.288236618041992]
[6.480410099029541]
[12.421051025390625]
[7.192958831787109]
[16.863317489624023]
[133.29547119140625]
[86.3104019165039]
[13.949496269226074]
[13.785948753356934]
[7.0246968269348145]
[8.108611106872559]
[67.23593139648438]
[2.040647268295288]
[22.9598445892334]
[8.506464004516602]
[258.2586975097656]
[6.213949680328369]
[4.775633335113525]
[8.388906478881836]
[122.48235321044922]
[2.733219861984253]
[104.20329284667969]
[50.700477600097656]
[380.5003662109375]
[206.65365600585938]
[3.9393627643585205]
[107.69169616699219]
[1.7032990455627441]
[3.002868890762329]
[57.87116622924805]
[22.594606399536133]
[1.3634666204452515]
[5.945881366729736]
[0.7129158973693848]
[6.289371490478516]
[4.852341175079346]
[3.493534564971924]
[74.93063354492188]
[2.4068846702575684]
[3.1795172691345215]
[1409.9111328125]
[4.1205973625183105]
[1.8353773355484009]
[1.4876923561096191]
[2.8443026542663574]
[2995.611328125]
[0.4086458086967468]
[1.7867404222488403]
[1.2041484117507935]
[0.3790973722934723]
[4503.6689453125]
[0.7707930207252502]
[0.6005228757858276]
[1.0002728700637817]
[0.6492366194725037]
[2.06382155418396]
[1.3330366611480713]
[1.6500427722930908]
[624.265625]
[46.22148132324219]
[0.2620723843574524]
[1.6703840494155884]
[1.226303219795227]
[1.4066832065582275]
[16.95568084716797]
[2.2777183055877686]
[3.669539213180542]
[3.485619306564331]
[1.696629285812378]
[2.087265729904175]
[25.620161056518555]
[17.036970138549805]
[3.1674575805664062]
[0.8258542418479919]
[7.436151504516602]
[11.243526458740234]
[1.5100295543670654]
[1.3442411422729492]
[2.668466091156006]
[2.255950450897217]
[1.5690380334854126]
[13.160778045654297]
[0.5674068331718445]
[1.2496635913848877]
[1.9224841594696045]
[1.0046545267105103]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created

[1.6696974039077759]
[1.0578804016113281]
[1.0716208219528198]
[1.683606743812561]
[205.39056396484375]
[1.814823865890503]
[5.051958084106445]
[1.3273178339004517]
[0.951815128326416]
[1.1209754943847656]
[0.29501402378082275]
[0.8385655283927917]
[45.467803955078125]
[0.5852797031402588]
[0.8563502430915833]
[1.1595253944396973]
[0.4176784157752991]
[681.3004760742188]
[0.5514618754386902]
[0.714181661605835]
[13.766505241394043]
[0.31326985359191895]
[1.7179471254348755]
[0.2546027600765228]
[12.287647247314453]
[4.382564544677734]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.7910259962081909]
[0.3767881393432617]
[69.95169067382812]
[0.6364607214927673]
[42.07183074951172]
[41.39116287231445]
[0.6359283328056335]
[0.3327159583568573]
[0.3243306279182434]
[0.23971232771873474]
[3.03659725189209]
[1.1584784984588623]
[0.44689685106277466]
[0.5736234188079834]
[0.6346362233161926]
[5.758823871612549]
[0.6390228867530823]
[0.49530482292175293]
[0.41579845547676086]
[0.5059968829154968]
[0.44813045859336853]
[0.30859461426734924]
[0.19187258183956146]
[0.5232146978378296]
[11.725251197814941]
[0.4019988775253296]
[0.4600368142127991]
[0.33305901288986206]
[0.2425493448972702]
[0.5424069762229919]
[0.4165191352367401]
[0.21385160088539124]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.31956613063812256]
[0.3100169897079468]
[0.6845017075538635]
[79.83387756347656]
[9.5938138961792]
[0.4628557860851288]
[0.25718507170677185]
[0.35504481196403503]
[0.2697865962982178]
[0.15003837645053864]
[0.3301049768924713]
[0.19762176275253296]
[2.663673162460327]
[0.29522380232810974]
[0.4560103714466095]
[0.32487601041793823]
[0.35998696088790894]
[0.255657434463501]
[16.465112686157227]
[3.2029356956481934]
[302.85137939453125]
[0.22021986544132233]
[0.27473869919776917]
[2.5984857082366943]
[0.2698381543159485]
[1.0318005084991455]
[0.9000044465065002]
[0.2984243333339691]
[212.0140380859375]
[0.13267192244529724]
[0.23375731706619263]
[0.7658424973487854]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.3516976535320282]
[0.16865621507167816]
[0.4296760559082031]
[12.594176292419434]
[0.2169225513935089]
[0.22128361463546753]
[0.1851780265569687]
[0.16368146240711212]
[2.9078311920166016]
[0.31567272543907166]
[2.787271499633789]
[1.3733880519866943]
[17.28760528564453]
[112.41381072998047]
[0.21994061768054962]
[0.4357368052005768]
[0.21612730622291565]
[0.15456931293010712]
[0.950685977935791]
[0.24173226952552795]
[58.690147399902344]
[0.2581612169742584]
[0.24185945093631744]
[21.659330368041992]
[0.23939543962478638]
[0.2917700409889221]
[0.2810930907726288]
[16.180936813354492]
[0.17166918516159058]
[11.951654434204102]
[1.017250895500183]
[0.16665901243686676]
[1.006619930267334]
[0.6445086598396301]
[33.3508186340332]
[0.25188183784484863]
[0.6226667165756226]
[0.4796494245529175]
[0.25244101881980896]
[0.3657980263233185]
[1.4627435207366943]
[0.2585369646549225]
[0.2025655210018158]
[2.115044355392456]
[0.21534885466098785]
[1.637078881263733]
[1.7839417457580566]
[21.184297561645508]
[1431.7176513671875]
[2062.951171875]
[1838.310791015625]
[0.17420713603496552]
[14.464447975158691]
[0.5724757313728333]
[0.3797353506088257]
[0.16514891386032104]
[0.45945504307746887]
[0.36413493752479553]
[0.4334027171134949]
[1.3935463428497314]
[0.8615871667861938]
[1.2476539611816406]
[1.1029560565948486]
[10.59227180480957]
[0.7092702984809875]
[0.5396472811698914]
[44.923885345458984]
[0.8774757385253906]
[0.6677281856536865]
[0.39091673493385315]
[0.18381738662719727]
[0.5171778202056885]
[1.107385516166687]
[0.13168302178382874]
[0.6701110601425171]
[0.13330253958702087]
[0.5754157900810242]
[0.24668225646018982]
[0.4051544964313507]
[0.7902082204818726]
[1.7169324159622192]
[0.30333074927330017]
[0.47186049818992615]
[0.6358139514923096]
[0.48425111174583435]
[0.4682576656341553]
[1.468347430229187]
[0.3696359395980835]
[28.010560989379883]
[0.35394608974456787]
[1.152085781097412]
[6.913968086242676]
[3.066770076751709]
[0.2668895423412323]
[0.16988611221313477]
[4.322046279907227]
[45.10403823852539]
[17.897520065307617]
[0.6335173845291138]
[0.1729828417301178]
[1.3190689086914062]
[7.584259510040283]
[0.2981754243373871]
[0.46363165974617004]
[1.288917064666748]
[0.6240828037261963]
[6.281632900238037]
[1.0259360074996948]
[0.3842081129550934]
[28.626489639282227]
[0.29681524634361267]
[0.5707736015319824]
[0.2121170163154602]
[1.9244745969772339]
[5.047189235687256]
[4.106017112731934]
[0.14885595440864563]
[11.596246719360352]
[0.37414103746414185]
[0.14080841839313507]
[0.4536382555961609]
[2.5676627159118652]
[0.3614944815635681]
[0.32383328676223755]
[2.516317844390869]
[0.24430766701698303]
[0.20700722932815552]
[0.41729283332824707]
[23.428394317626953]
[77.75891876220703]
[0.4442957043647766]
[0.16042500734329224]
[0.24969348311424255]
[2.8288486003875732]
[0.18671351671218872]
[0.22152327001094818]
[0.2060765027999878]
[19.32884979248047]
[0.14657147228717804]
[0.35771870613098145]
[0.12627412378787994]
[0.9862874746322632]
[0.14543384313583374]
[0.6933574080467224]
[0.20240232348442078]
[0.1578998863697052]
[1.2178386449813843]
[0.13972628116607666]
[0.2045060098171234]
[71.4089126586914]
[0.3718471825122833]
[1.0163168907165527]
[0.33757179975509644]
[0.7789690494537354]
[0.455510675907135]
[0.5818299651145935]
[1.3934587240219116]
[3.1979522705078125]
[0.13652877509593964]
[0.22711628675460815]
[0.6410832405090332]
[0.3628446161746979]
[0.3520129323005676]
[0.22377023100852966]
[0.37162894010543823]
[2.2438576221466064]
[0.22162064909934998]
[0.1292378306388855]
[0.2816494107246399]
[0.19450412690639496]
[0.6085453629493713]
[0.283336341381073]
[0.3035773038864136]
[0.17831702530384064]
[3.595892906188965]
[0.11681416630744934]
[1.0498727560043335]
[3.155827522277832]
[14.199067115783691]
[126.74011993408203]
[0.14605370163917542]
[0.2261054366827011]
[0.2619848847389221]
[0.3156149983406067]
[0.251792848110199]
[1.0375272035598755]
[0.11464932560920715]
[0.2665243148803711]
[0.2662871479988098]
[0.16395337879657745]
[0.1655678153038025]
[0.19599144160747528]
[0.09421087056398392]
[0.34603726863861084]
[0.5759156346321106]
[0.3496341407299042]
[25.616518020629883]
[55.142887115478516]
[0.231560617685318]
[0.21667009592056274]
[0.13202393054962158]
[1.5393458604812622]
[0.2794819176197052]
[0.16196538507938385]
[5.081562042236328]
[0.1017591580748558]
[0.20399652421474457]
[0.3447674810886383]
[0.34363484382629395]
[0.13278917968273163]
[8.808727264404297]
[0.20499011874198914]
[0.23348599672317505]
[0.13676680624485016]
[2.3678011894226074]
[0.1439804583787918]
[12.484439849853516]
[0.6152946352958679]
[0.15012069046497345]
[0.13551469147205353]
[0.09629790484905243]
[0.08858277648687363]
[0.5732473134994507]
[0.12704387307167053]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.11943268775939941]
[0.1879182755947113]
[1.7314479351043701]
[0.8854320645332336]
[0.05062169209122658]
[0.09833859652280807]
[0.20915023982524872]
[0.2569459080696106]
[1.056113839149475]
[0.1831151396036148]
[0.22905491292476654]
[1.572009563446045]
[1.0684963464736938]
[0.22960153222084045]
[0.14485682547092438]
[0.24254512786865234]
[28.80294418334961]
[0.16396114230155945]
[391.51519775390625]
[0.152406707406044]
[0.19852393865585327]
[0.1470043659210205]
[0.22561268508434296]
[0.1683930903673172]
[0.1705469936132431]
[0.3703775107860565]
[0.16947609186172485]
[0.07680276036262512]
[0.332173615694046]
[144.69284057617188]
[0.21971893310546875]
[0.21633653342723846]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.20345087349414825]
[0.08028670400381088]
[0.32703521847724915]
[0.14824099838733673]
[0.08960764110088348]
[0.08928454667329788]
[2.899139404296875]
[0.08800964057445526]
[0.18577584624290466]
[0.13911405205726624]
[0.2307526171207428]
[0.11633214354515076]
[0.09092584252357483]
[0.18725945055484772]
[12.846148490905762]
[4.569113254547119]
[0.0876706913113594]
[1.4224389791488647]
[1.408162236213684]
[0.18442180752754211]
[0.2017567753791809]
[0.2744290828704834]
[0.13352489471435547]
[0.18696580827236176]
[0.1470605432987213]
[1.1017242670059204]
[1.3710322380065918]
[0.12948265671730042]
[0.14047092199325562]
[16.914020538330078]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.07717165350914001]
[0.12628041207790375]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.3234858512878418]
[0.22314099967479706]
[1.6238282918930054]
[0.12228458374738693]
[0.13086920976638794]
[0.5852136015892029]
[0.8505311012268066]
[3.6361968517303467]
[0.15966707468032837]
[53.031455993652344]
[0.10744208097457886]
[6.407034397125244]
[0.13147898018360138]
[0.24144293367862701]
[0.2209680676460266]
[0.11118312925100327]
[0.0713062733411789]
[0.2004481703042984]
[1.5834442377090454]
[0.24546867609024048]
[0.31656816601753235]
[0.35284024477005005]
[5159.16162109375]
[0.3028818964958191]
[0.9605178833007812]
[0.6415266394615173]
[0.7119927406311035]
[0.4409104585647583]
[1.082801103591919]
[1.3494529724121094]
[1.319532036781311]
[12.071832656860352]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.38482630252838135]
[1.2106987237930298]
[1132.5740966796875]
[3.699570894241333]
[2.3868918418884277]
[1.4609575271606445]
[4.265562534332275]
[1.4199775457382202]
[0.7150636315345764]
[0.5561321377754211]
[1.3521034717559814]
[4.4861040115356445]
[3413.828125]
[6.432268142700195]
[1.9450360536575317]
[0.630120038986206]
[0.5952829718589783]
[2.3745663166046143]
[0.6252495646476746]
[0.18072089552879333]
[0.3769499659538269]
[0.5493517518043518]
[0.12535107135772705]
[0.17831121385097504]
[0.6571186184883118]
[0.7586896419525146]
[0.34111320972442627]
[0.8315103650093079]
[0.26370275020599365]
[5.858567714691162]
[0.8659036755561829]
[0.875823438167572]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.911975383758545]
[0.5027754902839661]
[1.1077178716659546]
[1.0523029565811157]
[1.4396069049835205]
[0.39135482907295227]
[0.9809693694114685]
[1.1361174583435059]
[0.2832925021648407]
[1.0479152202606201]
[1.8702173233032227]
[0.4979088604450226]
[1.3730888366699219]
[22.775535583496094]
[1765.5621337890625]
[1.347750186920166]
[5.7644853591918945]
[0.7522838711738586]
[0.6213525533676147]
[0.23942218720912933]
[0.7369992136955261]
[12.354791641235352]
[0.19255776703357697]
[158.3695068359375]
[1.2333921194076538]
[0.1330450028181076]
[0.41120028495788574]
[0.5536866188049316]
[0.17017583549022675]
[0.1936684250831604]
[0.40780898928642273]
[0.12889723479747772]
conversion error
conversion error
[7.285317897796631]
[7.779386520385742]
[0.5973835587501526]
[5.1034932136535645]
[1.2396024465560913]
[0.4767623841762543]
[0.397802472114563]
[0.5172334909439087]
[0.6851112246513367]
[0.24944144487380981]
[0.591925859451294]
[0.19964727759361267]
[0.36782386898994446]
[0.7650256156921387]
[2.2501344680786133]
[0.39391595125198364]
[1.4713599681854248]
[0.2940632104873657]
[0.19120535254478455]
[0.24197860062122345]
[0.37494227290153503]
[29.927330017089844]
[10.024955749511719]
[0.09438000619411469]
[1.2466198205947876]
[0.1758420765399933]
[4.181667327880859]
[74.73737335205078]
[39.875709533691406]
[1.7766244411468506]
[1.148247480392456]
[0.5524007081985474]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.45699021220207214]
[0.39512157440185547]
[0.33396023511886597]
[0.4988294839859009]
[56.51449203491211]
[73.29552459716797]
[0.10105249285697937]
[0.17889627814292908]
[0.6496843695640564]
[9.273211479187012]
[0.40474849939346313]
[0.44293856620788574]
[0.14604802429676056]
[0.6769303679466248]
[1.0748233795166016]
[54.250938415527344]
[17.847896575927734]
[0.10076653212308884]
[0.15584930777549744]
[0.17639216780662537]
[151.6171417236328]
[133.78831481933594]
[2.240496873855591]
[93.38184356689453]
[0.12327586114406586]
[29.008703231811523]
[0.1845128983259201]
[0.3007621169090271]
[0.5841829180717468]
[13.305447578430176]
[0.2780599296092987]
[4.686189651489258]
conversion error
conversion error
[308.21075439453125]
[0.1791255623102188]
[0.8160485625267029]
[0.20193234086036682]
[0.33153483271598816]
[0.16704797744750977]
[0.09763049334287643]
[0.21762853860855103]
[5.5261454582214355]
[0.09562988579273224]
[0.17292113602161407]
[0.0987933948636055]
[71.05740356445312]
[0.3183249235153198]
[0.33052733540534973]
[0.14194701611995697]
[0.38580119609832764]
[0.5676217675209045]
[0.4016726613044739]
[10.383326530456543]
[0.3162250220775604]
[6.424093246459961]
[0.09668311476707458]
[0.2810901403427124]
[0.2881554365158081]
[0.4270317852497101]
[1.177512764930725]
[1.193065881729126]
[0.3829491138458252]
[0.8254279494285583]
[0.09521128982305527]
[2.7397449016571045]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.39179015159606934]
[0.08682750910520554]
[31.365312576293945]
[0.4835734963417053]
[1.1611695289611816]
[0.904487669467926]
[0.442660927772522]
[3.6780667304992676]
[0.28490298986434937]
[0.27750760316848755]
[0.11115874350070953]
[0.2929701507091522]
[2.2709524631500244]
[0.21965385973453522]
[1.225135326385498]
[0.15311208367347717]
[0.15973016619682312]
[0.3370629549026489]
[0.24563167989253998]
[0.25398802757263184]
[0.24104760587215424]
[0.24445535242557526]
[4.991964817047119]
[0.6899263262748718]
[0.3401234447956085]
[1.157228946685791]
[0.07387828081846237]
[3.2829370498657227]
[0.7618236541748047]
[30.662092208862305]
[0.05410950258374214]
[0.26596319675445557]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.13728582859039307]
[0.29243314266204834]
[1.1547693014144897]
[1.4255017042160034]
[0.10053893178701401]
[0.13738855719566345]
[0.16097602248191833]
[0.19585072994232178]
[0.05748159810900688]
[0.07738761603832245]
[0.0698142722249031]
[6.923678398132324]
[94.06027221679688]
[5.070675849914551]
[0.13564229011535645]
[0.2052108347415924]
[0.1021842285990715]
[0.10387727618217468]
[7.87603759765625]
[0.045688141137361526]
[1.1663867235183716]
[0.06944045424461365]
[0.23118440806865692]
[42.661808013916016]
[0.39442360401153564]
[0.34378015995025635]
[11.809294700622559]
[0.16688361763954163]
[0.10902775079011917]
[0.29268699884414673]
[0.40193936228752136]
[0.31802254915237427]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[22.893964767456055]
[0.15686370432376862]
[0.32113099098205566]
[0.079190194606781]
[0.04979657009243965]
[0.1400211751461029]
[726.988037109375]
[0.09697945415973663]
[0.6618584394454956]
[0.21209098398685455]
[3.9331042766571045]
[0.17539943754673004]
[152.51116943359375]
[0.12467101216316223]
[9916.8369140625]
[45.777320861816406]
[0.3295838236808777]
[41.016204833984375]
[249.42446899414062]
[0.6033070087432861]
[0.7750391960144043]
[0.8493561744689941]
[1.2367866039276123]
[1.629143238067627]
[3.2852566242218018]
[117.46404266357422]
[2.288524866104126]
[2.4668192863464355]
[1.8176921606063843]
[408.0614318847656]
[0.5515735149383545]
[7.208271503448486]
conversion error
conversion error
[40.852115631103516]
[21.15106773376465]
[52.57936096191406]
[2.0131561756134033]
[17.458192825317383]
[0.9121005535125732]
[2.6618616580963135]
[1.2339773178100586]
[1.3060306310653687]
[3.032548189163208]
[1.2492549419403076]
[0.9432814121246338]
[1.8363033533096313]
[19.25530242919922]
[2.9736695289611816]
[1.7132141590118408]
[2.1786327362060547]
[0.6592294573783875]
[2.043565273284912]
[0.7697315812110901]
[0.4915481209754944]
[1.585676908493042]
[2.8740837574005127]
[0.4415624737739563]
[1.9647572040557861]
[1.4321391582489014]
[1.4677478075027466]
[3.0219192504882812]
[1.3401752710342407]
[1.6139799356460571]
[1.6507771015167236]
[3.3985724449157715]
conversion error
conversion error
[73.77912139892578]
[1.0459167957305908]
[0.4640374481678009]
[255.71653747558594]
[1.196617841720581]
[0.44517743587493896]
[3.833526849746704]
[37.65492630004883]
[0.5566152334213257]
[1.9580955505371094]
[0.42110466957092285]
[0.2048209011554718]
[0.18481071293354034]
[0.8901462554931641]
[0.19867673516273499]
[4181.11083984375]
[2.511765956878662]
[0.8261234760284424]
[0.5459597706794739]
[0.520362138748169]
[1.3570181131362915]
[22.712326049804688]
[0.7013117074966431]
[0.35127541422843933]
[0.701483964920044]
[53.31205749511719]
[0.23772592842578888]
[2.1005306243896484]
[0.7132325172424316]
[0.8301326632499695]
[0.37480223178863525]
[1.3993452787399292]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.42467373609542847]
[0.21954023838043213]
[0.4520246386528015]
[0.8063457608222961]
[0.6590426564216614]
[1.5844731330871582]
[0.7412435412406921]
[1.5758006572723389]
[1.9987847805023193]
[1.272352695465088]
[0.42632827162742615]
[5.5651469230651855]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.7638347148895264]
[17.35064125061035]
[0.5092824697494507]
[3.396472454071045]
[0.2912699282169342]
[0.6603424549102783]
[0.3668511211872101]
[1.2238218784332275]
[1.1205979585647583]
[0.5426242351531982]
[0.15897071361541748]
[1.5825729370117188]
[0.18369799852371216]
[19.30177116394043]
[29.946582794189453]
[0.20988811552524567]
[52.88038635253906]
[0.584808886051178]
[6.331079483032227]
[0.4876760244369507]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.1564888060092926]
[1546.3455810546875]
[0.36985358595848083]
[0.19753824174404144]
[0.34337347745895386]
[0.9344362020492554]
[3.419713020324707]
[4.282806873321533]
[0.0669936016201973]
[0.42484867572784424]
[4.326578140258789]
[0.3196847140789032]
[0.37348252534866333]
[39.3990478515625]
[4.666464328765869]
[148.79486083984375]
[139.71107482910156]
[5.319987773895264]
[0.5185037851333618]
[0.11410195380449295]
[2.1606764793395996]
[0.35078391432762146]
[0.40233734250068665]
[0.2608601748943329]
[0.3533054292201996]
[0.23590107262134552]
[144.1531982421875]
[0.21869447827339172]
[0.1994585543870926]
[0.24982835352420807]
[1.5325068235397339]
[97.72167205810547]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.41891801357269287]
[0.34022170305252075]
[0.311308890581131]
[0.14293141663074493]
[0.4907285273075104]
[2.500849485397339]
[0.23885181546211243]
[116.1572494506836]
[0.2181801199913025]
[0.3935683071613312]
[0.39279812574386597]
[5.659300327301025]
[0.20975297689437866]
[5.424344062805176]
[0.33993732929229736]
[0.20516790449619293]
[1.6453570127487183]
[0.07263563573360443]
[24.970563888549805]
[4.139989852905273]
[0.2969905734062195]
[5.047354698181152]
[6.610530853271484]
[0.16220615804195404]
[1.1665635108947754]
[1.1994001865386963]
[0.3280990719795227]
[0.22133342921733856]
[1.7647795677185059]
[0.34087416529655457]
[1.4905524253845215]
[0.18828175961971283]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.20118092000484467]
[0.1683741956949234]
[0.1626267284154892]
[7.226301670074463]
[20.672578811645508]
[35.127166748046875]
[0.18433545529842377]
[0.8334928154945374]
[0.15309736132621765]
[0.3278730511665344]
[0.27124491333961487]
[0.138175830245018]
[24.541643142700195]
[2.2154288291931152]
[0.37742406129837036]
[0.21262836456298828]
[0.1773384064435959]
[60.20321273803711]
[8.42678165435791]
[0.121597059071064]
[0.1465795487165451]
[59.40935516357422]
[0.10046029090881348]
[1.070534110069275]
[0.16430677473545074]
[0.2358567863702774]
[0.12401672452688217]
[0.4999442994594574]
[0.7905759215354919]
[39.17538833618164]
[45.16387176513672]
[0.2998436987400055]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.13594399392604828]
[0.3607623279094696]
[0.23844724893569946]
[0.31172284483909607]
[0.25689056515693665]
[0.6362969875335693]
[0.1829681247472763]
[0.13195021450519562]
[0.22633413970470428]
[0.22528882324695587]
[1.117080807685852]
[0.21660389006137848]
[0.2729678452014923]
[0.1540565937757492]
[0.116808220744133]
[41.427982330322266]
[0.0808112695813179]
[10.6516752243042]
[0.13937342166900635]
[0.1306130439043045]
[0.16759736835956573]
[4.083098411560059]
[0.20415852963924408]
[0.39768627285957336]
[0.5110403895378113]
[0.10690946877002716]
[0.10083641111850739]
[0.17663487792015076]
[0.13813039660453796]
[0.15029402077198029]
[0.17329315841197968]
[28.266456604003906]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.6551964282989502]
[0.1295844167470932]
[0.14878611266613007]
[0.20560739934444427]
[0.10681857913732529]
[0.08775784820318222]
[0.7233358025550842]
[0.19543206691741943]
[1.0425269603729248]
[0.1256881207227707]
[0.08106564730405807]
[0.11703651398420334]
[34.80617904663086]
[0.1479663848876953]
[0.2933913469314575]
[0.5689408779144287]
[24.495847702026367]
[0.19708523154258728]
[0.14623357355594635]
[0.22352954745292664]
[0.16734668612480164]
[0.14350935816764832]
[0.14849215745925903]
[4.104928016662598]
[0.16492362320423126]
[0.13177184760570526]
[0.23680830001831055]
[0.06242090091109276]
[0.20994627475738525]
[2.568239450454712]
[0.10332772880792618]
[5.478299617767334]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.09170625358819962]
[6.5719170570373535]
[0.09659893810749054]
[0.100346639752388]
[104.6893081665039]
[0.0918445959687233]
[0.5111767053604126]
[0.20122167468070984]
[0.2143104523420334]
[1.0433712005615234]
[1.0296555757522583]
[0.11585862189531326]
[0.19867582619190216]
[9.296331405639648]
[0.25778016448020935]
[0.1756887435913086]
[34.12145233154297]
[0.3835045099258423]
[0.24618889391422272]
[0.13197363913059235]
[0.25123313069343567]
[0.18350821733474731]
[0.2701188623905182]
[0.25820472836494446]
[8.86413288116455]
[18.998884201049805]
[0.16098445653915405]
[28.011390686035156]
[4.820600986480713]
[0.5361142158508301]
[0.15371347963809967]
[0.2075301706790924]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.5173943638801575]
[0.1282191276550293]
[0.12603841722011566]
[0.1464674025774002]
[0.313668817281723]
[0.21919958293437958]
[94.39864349365234]
[0.17787910997867584]
[0.15562206506729126]
[0.11914555728435516]
[0.0836072564125061]
[0.15646781027317047]
[0.10814765095710754]
[0.3113141655921936]
[0.16064634919166565]
[0.20508891344070435]
[0.15782307088375092]
[10.425924301147461]
[0.17486995458602905]
[5.229806900024414]
[23.2674560546875]
[3.5643961429595947]
[0.12207277119159698]
[2.4245400428771973]
[0.10345771163702011]
[152.87828063964844]
[0.16693930327892303]
[0.122040756046772]
[0.20796164870262146]
[1.8393847942352295]
[0.15361398458480835]
[2.6978259086608887]
conversion error
conversion error
[13.287697792053223]
[0.07339514046907425]
[0.49823763966560364]
[5.496344089508057]
[0.2146098017692566]
[0.14390645921230316]
[1.1114634275436401]
[0.125783771276474]
[0.1567091941833496]
[2.747529983520508]
[0.26224812865257263]
[0.11318881064653397]
[0.3403039872646332]
[1965.4320068359375]
[0.6387327313423157]
[2.8878285884857178]
[0.131156325340271]
[0.5704174637794495]
[0.10854323208332062]
[0.08693209290504456]
[0.03547560051083565]
[0.2724035084247589]
[0.14294148981571198]
[0.31421396136283875]
[0.13748568296432495]
[0.1656201034784317]
[86.08468627929688]
[134.2515106201172]
[5.453805923461914]
[0.867277979850769]
[0.0896998792886734]
[0.13018807768821716]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.26045605540275574]
[5.131651401519775]
[0.2593083083629608]
[0.20280370116233826]
[0.07896700501441956]
[0.2501848340034485]
[4.560159683227539]
[0.11916488409042358]
[58.9611930847168]
[1.1603360176086426]
[0.17865662276744843]
[0.729124128818512]
[0.15329937636852264]
[0.21298593282699585]
[94.3680191040039]
[103.13916015625]
[0.15280649065971375]
[1.1868531703948975]
[0.07729408144950867]
[0.10892417281866074]
[15.708146095275879]
[0.14843043684959412]
[0.19491247832775116]
[0.1236453503370285]
[0.32153403759002686]
[61.406272888183594]
[0.1036057248711586]
[1.1780152320861816]
[0.19145336747169495]
[1.493821382522583]
[0.3273807168006897]
[0.11996375769376755]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.7940461039543152]
[0.17717374861240387]
[4.457951545715332]
[0.2548985183238983]
[0.16985708475112915]
[0.3267826735973358]
[0.23460127413272858]
[0.09092538058757782]
[134.8321990966797]
[0.27587607502937317]
[0.30993422865867615]
[1.5184248685836792]
[0.07511015236377716]
[0.10917394608259201]
[0.16517460346221924]
[0.26486414670944214]
[0.14404940605163574]
[462.2872009277344]
[0.12649361789226532]
[0.5365762710571289]
[0.14086800813674927]
[2.573580741882324]
[1.10850191116333]
[0.13232183456420898]
[4.622007369995117]
[0.1220579519867897]
[0.17920775711536407]
[0.16446609795093536]
[30.57276153564453]
[0.09416384994983673]
[0.23253415524959564]
[101.6869125366211]
conversion error
conversion error
[92.15332794189453]
[0.17900553345680237]
[0.846737802028656]
[24.661497116088867]
[4.095187187194824]
[0.08708388358354568]
[0.16645431518554688]
[14.599283218383789]
[0.11360771209001541]
[0.1590980887413025]
[0.07084505259990692]
[1181.3131103515625]
[0.09295302629470825]
[0.2727282643318176]
[1.1348083019256592]
[87.91141510009766]
[0.20926298201084137]
[4.353820323944092]
[10.539262771606445]
[0.2822290360927582]
[1.1564207077026367]
[0.10550706088542938]
[0.07942388951778412]
[0.27611666917800903]
[0.3001033663749695]
[0.1444711685180664]
[0.15590958297252655]
[0.1705283373594284]
[0.3435298800468445]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[17.124292373657227]
[0.2564447224140167]
[68.65026092529297]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[18.467538833618164]
[64.29387664794922]
[2.2019495964050293]
[1.5824850797653198]
[0.41959813237190247]
[0.12660926580429077]
[51.1028938293457]
[0.16250449419021606]
[0.1800558865070343]
[0.1924264281988144]
[0.1549845188856125]
[0.2723720967769623]
[0.09223383665084839]
[0.9158523082733154]
[0.11459459364414215]
[0.2105768918991089]
[0.08716554939746857]
[0.24410930275917053]
[0.1407795548439026]
[4.1511921882629395]
[0.1826162487268448]
[0.3260818123817444]
[0.22384017705917358]
[0.19398777186870575]
[43.42121887207031]
[0.5723896622657776]
[1.1154909133911133]
[29.521944046020508]
[67.48831176757812]
[60.666770935058594]
[0.14336995780467987]
[3.0656890869140625]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[1.434729814529419]
[0.19262608885765076]
[23.2574405670166]
[0.07758239656686783]
[0.10998792946338654]
[0.07252823561429977]
[2.686033248901367]
[0.0720275491476059]
[0.2732187509536743]
[0.14957650005817413]
[0.4824131727218628]
[6.776486873626709]
[7059.36767578125]
[0.11388447880744934]
[0.3308483958244324]
[0.3332483172416687]
[5.819859504699707]
[0.4232478439807892]
[0.5601457357406616]
[4.181258678436279]
[5.0724687576293945]
[1.69414484500885]
[100.16980743408203]
[1.075253963470459]
[12.805908203125]
[7.08840274810791]
[1.9866310358047485]
[1.571051001548767]
[3.2747738361358643]
[1.0550974607467651]
[2.5153348445892334]
[1.4290475845336914]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.940883457660675]
[118.0656967163086]
[7.220269680023193]
[1.3898305892944336]
[0.6041191220283508]
[102.8008041381836]
[34.2752799987793]
[112.0827865600586]
[2.8832592964172363]
[42.4590950012207]
[33.90039825439453]
[0.40197116136550903]
[0.3911316394805908]
[1.342668056488037]
[1.3450993299484253]
[1.2201030254364014]
[11.675128936767578]
[0.469780832529068]
[0.6323122978210449]
[3.0601351261138916]
[0.31880640983581543]
[910.7725219726562]
[6.022863388061523]
[0.7534706592559814]
[0.20742732286453247]
[0.5863256454467773]
[221.67161560058594]
[0.2242438644170761]
[0.22495487332344055]
[1.6889930963516235]
[6.8451972007751465]
[0.1889670342206955]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[100.95281982421875]
[0.5670843124389648]
[3.598341703414917]
[19.359390258789062]
[0.8567104339599609]
[0.3106854557991028]
[2.9801948070526123]
[1.3222432136535645]
[0.3924770653247833]
[0.1895492672920227]
[1663.0987548828125]
[0.44726356863975525]
[0.24066725373268127]
[0.2749600410461426]
[0.5876683592796326]
[5.081424713134766]
[0.6093116998672485]
[0.7492098808288574]
[0.552477240562439]
[0.6518052816390991]
[0.27969369292259216]
[0.3587765395641327]
[58.9293098449707]
[0.25893357396125793]
[0.40584051609039307]
[0.4257778823375702]
[0.6338601112365723]
[0.5690870881080627]
[147.0941619873047]
[0.3006368577480316]
[0.541079580783844]
[0.38693562150001526]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.49040520191192627]
[3.223754644393921]
[0.35558587312698364]
[0.39603766798973083]
[80.90690612792969]
[0.36981117725372314]
[0.5035516023635864]
[0.3726166784763336]
[1.152104139328003]
[3.9212026596069336]
[0.3138056695461273]
[0.23785080015659332]
[0.4399574398994446]
[5.107359886169434]
[4.237997531890869]
[5.081658840179443]
[0.27578678727149963]
[46.6202392578125]
[1.4458732604980469]
[0.2474680095911026]
[4.915520668029785]
[0.14904510974884033]
[0.1526954621076584]
[0.17818383872509003]
[0.2710868716239929]
[1.8014107942581177]
[6.313092231750488]
[12.442208290100098]
[1.124089002609253]
[0.1254178285598755]
[0.2236088514328003]
[0.4832022488117218]
conversion error
conversion error
[33.66267013549805]
[0.18401344120502472]
[22.422924041748047]
[1.679335117340088]
[0.10903361439704895]
[0.3251141607761383]
[0.7572550177574158]
[0.6325781941413879]
[0.13287480175495148]
[0.13967226445674896]
[0.13954614102840424]
[0.09496554732322693]
[0.15187908709049225]
[0.30463722348213196]
[3.5283777713775635]
[0.17796072363853455]
[1.3365250825881958]
[0.8423551917076111]
[0.18246889114379883]
[5.865187168121338]
[0.1220552995800972]
[0.11559824645519257]
[0.0782620757818222]
[1.1141244173049927]
[0.1669316440820694]
[0.14876072108745575]
[0.12335681915283203]
[0.8543775081634521]
[0.12149116396903992]
[0.09294869750738144]
[0.08826873451471329]
[4.874882698059082]
[4.420961856842041]
[0.09081630408763885]
[0.09418810158967972]
[1.4126060009002686]
[1.1440250873565674]
[60.620849609375]
[0.06574144959449768]
[0.1355244666337967]
[0.09333211928606033]
[6.52923583984375]
[21.647424697875977]
[0.061347708106040955]
[0.17957347631454468]
[0.10193952918052673]
[8.156867027282715]
[0.1185079887509346]
[30.982017517089844]
[0.24298271536827087]
[1.4939885139465332]
[0.157531276345253]
[0.21350763738155365]
[0.12594597041606903]
[0.7998031377792358]
[0.07397289574146271]
[294.0847473144531]
[0.5214249491691589]
[4.765854358673096]
[0.07914739847183228]
[1.851010799407959]
[1.7205684185028076]
[1.1045703887939453]
[0.09784598648548126]
[14.268096923828125]
[0.13390009105205536]
[0.18449361622333527]
[1.1112313270568848]
[0.21709169447422028]
[0.10089743882417679]
[0.5293774604797363]
[14.81434440612793]
[0.11912603676319122]
[0.1492840051651001]
[12.40406608581543]
[9.960434913635254]
[0.9678955674171448]
[0.22769640386104584]
[0.08260760456323624]
[3.2800979614257812]
[0.18238109350204468]
[6.908048152923584]
[0.9707697033882141]
[1022.6765747070312]
[0.13398556411266327]
[14.023089408874512]
[0.24471862614154816]
[2.1722397804260254]
[0.3336138427257538]
[0.1675814390182495]
[3.6283812522888184]
[0.32119041681289673]
[0.22656488418579102]
[0.46266430616378784]
[4.504244804382324]
[0.4939593970775604]
[0.35568293929100037]
[0.2964368760585785]
[43.877235412597656]
[0.302713543176651]
[0.2771001160144806]
[0.38337475061416626]
[0.5078486204147339]
[3.9272701740264893]
[0.49761998653411865]
[0.5471969246864319]
[0.6553804874420166]
[1.4453853368759155]
[0.28157249093055725]
[0.49489620327949524]
[3.837158441543579]
[71.31395721435547]
[4.169552803039551]
[0.44579556584358215]
[0.36793529987335205]
[0.4058520793914795]
[20.3702449798584]
[0.12414230406284332]
[0.24005506932735443]
[17.59538459777832]
[0.3080817461013794]
[0.289457768201828]
[1.1620806455612183]
[0.2971896231174469]
[4.740956783294678]
[0.18482421338558197]
[161.48606872558594]
[0.16378255188465118]
[0.38138753175735474]
[0.7408108711242676]
[0.09592443704605103]
[0.15856482088565826]
[0.2712971568107605]
[236.03956604003906]
[0.24810421466827393]
[4.000629425048828]
[129.57325744628906]
[0.27098122239112854]
[0.1725027859210968]
[0.40052810311317444]
[2.341244697570801]
[0.45309096574783325]
[68.40582275390625]
[0.2688731253147125]
[0.36487799882888794]
[0.3642129898071289]
[0.2887858748435974]
[0.9462920427322388]
[0.4449319541454315]
[0.5692911744117737]
[0.1252456158399582]
[0.5698471665382385]
[0.4668467044830322]
[0.4168213903903961]
[25.03873062133789]
[536.578369140625]
[0.48222410678863525]
[144.0098419189453]
[0.48657727241516113]
[0.44952529668807983]
[0.4158116579055786]
[63.666255950927734]
[0.6964179873466492]
[0.4806629419326782]
[0.40006527304649353]
[0.6055240035057068]
[0.37107402086257935]
[1.102098822593689]
[0.4211975038051605]
[0.267832487821579]
[49.772708892822266]
[0.26918670535087585]
[0.1630905717611313]
[46.287784576416016]
[0.39889857172966003]
[0.22838136553764343]
[2.869734764099121]
[0.44270801544189453]
[0.38712483644485474]
[0.18445248901844025]
[0.7484447956085205]
[0.20768316090106964]
[0.1105935350060463]
[0.2752170264720917]
[0.1790141463279724]
[0.3978224992752075]
[57.23941421508789]
[1.1900699138641357]
[0.7376499772071838]
[7.563347339630127]
[4.104851245880127]
[0.1627121865749359]
[0.1881110966205597]
[188.46444702148438]
[5.1229400634765625]
[1.3241969347000122]
[0.2880755662918091]
[0.24194104969501495]
[0.1590108871459961]
[0.10865893959999084]
[0.28077155351638794]
[0.12714821100234985]
[5.184220790863037]
[0.2892626225948334]
[0.19324474036693573]
[0.27782365679740906]
[0.24021902680397034]
[0.16318489611148834]
[2.727818012237549]
[137.42080688476562]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.4374637305736542]
[14.706865310668945]
[0.21777814626693726]
[0.1708976924419403]
[3.441575527191162]
[0.8263991475105286]
[0.13979290425777435]
[0.19506977498531342]
[0.132489413022995]
[0.24447935819625854]
[0.2737661600112915]
[0.08167075365781784]
[0.23686322569847107]
[0.28586944937705994]
[16.439237594604492]
[0.10406836867332458]
[0.12492714077234268]
[5.184711933135986]
[20.183664321899414]
[0.11802883446216583]
[0.2688724398612976]
[0.8191543817520142]
[0.5072456002235413]
[0.22612446546554565]
[0.15434761345386505]
[225.70118713378906]
[0.056509245187044144]
[0.302921324968338]
[0.2129194587469101]
[36.36683654785156]
[0.08895215392112732]
[0.1404271274805069]
[4.816627502441406]
[13.028870582580566]
[0.1382242888212204]
[0.05441249907016754]
[0.20794111490249634]
[0.05279054120182991]
[5.0058488845825195]
[8.64548397064209]
[0.1079958975315094]
[0.23396307229995728]
[46.016754150390625]
[1.169289469718933]
[0.16679847240447998]
[0.05781693756580353]
[0.05938400328159332]
[0.1638302057981491]
[3.1514976024627686]
[0.6306068301200867]
[0.11517804861068726]
[0.07038324326276779]
[4.96978235244751]
[0.05572142079472542]
[0.09728381037712097]
[0.057988815009593964]
[0.12396220117807388]
[15.057304382324219]
[40.638397216796875]
[0.07865112274885178]
[0.37799063324928284]
[15.515466690063477]
[0.12873594462871552]
[0.12834331393241882]
[1.229965329170227]
[123.81332397460938]
[1.2255518436431885]
[0.08826006203889847]
[0.09591726958751678]
[0.1882697492837906]
[0.47944220900535583]
[1.207821249961853]
[0.20025989413261414]
[7.366451263427734]
[0.1729324907064438]
[0.04505375027656555]
[0.7825620770454407]
[7.3800764083862305]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.09062463045120239]
[0.07833555340766907]
[0.16761568188667297]
[0.11337349563837051]
[0.277250200510025]
[0.37429824471473694]
[0.116153784096241]
[0.13186879456043243]
[65.94540405273438]
[7.546157360076904]
[2.68927001953125]
[0.20263360440731049]
[0.10612164437770844]
[0.13025197386741638]
[0.18447555601596832]
[0.1285291463136673]
[0.15173903107643127]
[2.8800148963928223]
[10.707154273986816]
[0.1462136209011078]
[0.23237165808677673]
[0.12225307524204254]
[0.18160675466060638]
[0.12470945715904236]
[0.2638632655143738]
[0.20275479555130005]
[0.15066111087799072]
[0.2715722620487213]
[0.08524978905916214]
[0.24684377014636993]
[127.97673797607422]
[0.33006805181503296]
conversion error
conversion error
[19.808286666870117]
[0.27086079120635986]
[0.2111554890871048]
[0.2095174938440323]
[0.10857012867927551]
[0.7339796423912048]
[14.349347114562988]
[0.06758885085582733]
[0.23640844225883484]
[0.16912230849266052]
[1.960109829902649]
[0.21965324878692627]
[0.7224488854408264]
[0.25184133648872375]
[1.4097912311553955]
[0.07134126871824265]
[5.59343147277832]
[2.1198415756225586]
[0.10757146775722504]
[0.06423106789588928]
[0.8959033489227295]
[0.10616381466388702]
[10.779864311218262]
[2.7972829341888428]
[665.565673828125]
[0.14532895386219025]
[787.1615600585938]
[0.22626814246177673]
[24.78577423095703]
[1.6636830568313599]
[0.27040982246398926]
[0.1051429808139801]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.2962944805622101]
[0.16857397556304932]
[0.239824116230011]
[0.10360343754291534]
[0.12958228588104248]
[0.09782194346189499]
[2.727447748184204]
[9.579437255859375]
[0.03488452360033989]
[64.54764556884766]
[5.0949320793151855]
[0.23246172070503235]
[0.20474107563495636]
[0.15510870516300201]
[0.19291400909423828]
[0.07216622680425644]
[0.1430169939994812]
[0.24885666370391846]
[10.604096412658691]
[0.12629306316375732]
[0.13143551349639893]
[0.21947118639945984]
[0.07906194031238556]
[126.40091705322266]
[1.958990216255188]
[63.85799789428711]
[0.10404408723115921]
[537.5479125976562]
[0.1769263595342636]
[0.1263987123966217]
[3.994713544845581]
[0.12337007373571396]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.07889190316200256]
[0.1651468425989151]
[0.18063421547412872]
[0.23224423825740814]
[0.11138536781072617]
[0.44246673583984375]
[0.2482997328042984]
[0.2849028706550598]
[0.21923978626728058]
[0.08397377282381058]
[4.035345077514648]
[2.7341246604919434]
[26.023550033569336]
[0.1079106405377388]
[0.05099724233150482]
[0.16112679243087769]
[0.1907895803451538]
[0.25884175300598145]
[0.1340729147195816]
[0.1168191134929657]
[9.938485145568848]
[0.1349375993013382]
[0.17775501310825348]
[4.0469465255737305]
[0.054465122520923615]
[0.0918959230184555]
[0.07750656455755234]
[0.048863787204027176]
[2.2037253379821777]
[0.24350106716156006]
[0.0744517594575882]
[187.18218994140625]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.05490170046687126]
[50.1881217956543]
[0.10505188256502151]
[169.94979858398438]
[37.37369918823242]
[1.0837934017181396]
[3.9497835636138916]
[0.09769666939973831]
[42.028099060058594]
[9.092522621154785]
[10.832547187805176]
[0.21424612402915955]
[0.12013915181159973]
[14.240754127502441]
[0.09205139428377151]
[145.99258422851562]
[0.07799062132835388]
[0.5017086267471313]
[0.08335947245359421]
[0.08554612100124359]
[1.1725232601165771]
[0.07867084443569183]
[0.1685066819190979]
[0.1672212928533554]
[0.09818009287118912]
[0.14663931727409363]
[2.3801896572113037]
[0.9799572229385376]
[22.8303165435791]
[118.60223388671875]
[0.11325226724147797]
[0.20763292908668518]
[0.17836979031562805]
[0.24753011763095856]
[8.341279983520508]
[435.939208984375]
[12.577895164489746]
[4.192412853240967]
[0.24918916821479797]
[0.8209148645401001]
[124.2551040649414]
[0.7067925930023193]
[0.10988131165504456]
[0.17416425049304962]
[0.2280273288488388]
[0.24126170575618744]
[0.2337774634361267]
[4.316156387329102]
[0.3621842563152313]
[0.34286266565322876]
[16.312274932861328]
[3.784536838531494]
[1.5199792385101318]
[4.204983711242676]
[0.12376826256513596]
[0.10101833939552307]
[0.34442412853240967]
[0.11780572682619095]
[88.2840347290039]
[0.10801586508750916]
[0.1677444875240326]
[5.2480010986328125]
[0.2597247362136841]
[4.2055344581604]
[152.41221618652344]
[24.65603256225586]
[1.429551362991333]
[0.29084163904190063]
[0.1693885177373886]
[0.17556102573871613]
[0.18036366999149323]
[0.08505342155694962]
[0.5328086018562317]
[0.06356393545866013]
[0.1572100669145584]
[0.14801746606826782]
[0.16333061456680298]
[0.2716100811958313]
[0.14052551984786987]
[12.853004455566406]
[1.8746974468231201]
[1292.337890625]
[4.6208882331848145]
[0.15916062891483307]
[0.205058753490448]
[0.20702868700027466]
[0.18652194738388062]
[0.287398099899292]
[157.85531616210938]
[0.16962534189224243]
[0.4872649908065796]
[0.48212605714797974]
[10.772016525268555]
[0.40957605838775635]
[0.5225056409835815]
[1.1611648797988892]
[0.4102592170238495]
[64.03985595703125]
[18.823972702026367]
[0.27737435698509216]
[0.39369136095046997]
[5.22946834564209]
[0.6401129961013794]
[0.32959040999412537]
[0.34763216972351074]
[0.5944166779518127]
[0.3262619376182556]
[0.4581225514411926]
[0.11145556718111038]
[1111.6231689453125]
[0.16077713668346405]
[27.781505584716797]
[0.42016273736953735]
[0.46113717555999756]
[1.353003978729248]
[75.0744400024414]
[11.42689323425293]
[1.059462547302246]
[0.11827094107866287]
[0.16216351091861725]
[0.91874098777771]
[0.2779271602630615]
[0.609546422958374]
[5.9279327392578125]
[34.66753387451172]
[0.27636265754699707]
[0.21201092004776]
[0.28758570551872253]
[16.343599319458008]
[0.33776089549064636]
[0.3780328631401062]
[0.26436665654182434]
[4.661665439605713]
[1.0060540437698364]
[0.14142918586730957]
[0.40798109769821167]
[0.2708740532398224]
[8.283933639526367]
[0.13509735465049744]
[0.12385343760251999]
[0.27646416425704956]
[0.0968923345208168]
[18.36924171447754]
[0.43890225887298584]
[0.23197437822818756]
[0.688631534576416]
[0.18251848220825195]
[0.19423960149288177]
[0.21959726512432098]
[0.13470883667469025]
[0.19275590777397156]
[0.27312731742858887]
[5.551248550415039]
[5.404070854187012]
[0.06924086809158325]
[0.08932296931743622]
[2.211869716644287]
[0.16283410787582397]
[0.0780126079916954]
[9.986788749694824]
[0.09210693091154099]
[0.22964683175086975]
[0.05843109264969826]
[0.30213242769241333]
[0.08673044294118881]
[53.761295318603516]
[0.06554485857486725]
[0.10754742473363876]
[0.17144563794136047]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.11438534408807755]
[968.1182861328125]
[32.553955078125]
[0.05289562791585922]
[0.16450196504592896]
[0.08013121783733368]
[4.184614658355713]
[0.0951455757021904]
[0.13245491683483124]
[0.0514642558991909]
[0.13341909646987915]
[1078.2752685546875]
[87.56110382080078]
[0.2839760482311249]
[0.1262068897485733]
[0.15022096037864685]
[2.3305699825286865]
[0.2605573832988739]
[0.3956378996372223]
[0.5022940039634705]
[0.523038923740387]
[1.0342146158218384]
[0.21704061329364777]
[0.37776950001716614]
[0.6291996836662292]
[4.593624114990234]
[0.27642858028411865]
[0.5133948922157288]
[0.7621233463287354]
[0.6209994554519653]
[0.5374614596366882]
[0.21842990815639496]
[43.71644973754883]
[3.8062119483947754]
[5.291037559509277]
[0.2396925389766693]
[0.6509921550750732]
[0.5348556041717529]
[4.784345626831055]
[0.2743256688117981]
[0.47706180810928345]
[0.1708040088415146]
[0.17276187241077423]
[0.3083043694496155]
[0.25728923082351685]
[0.2877880334854126]
[0.2961288094520569]
[54.831783294677734]
[0.2619149684906006]
[0.18887147307395935]
[1.095445156097412]
[85.2086410522461]
[2568.2666015625]
[1123.6162109375]
[4.741394996643066]
[0.1267918348312378]
[4.756220817565918]
[0.2803207337856293]
[49.200138092041016]
[0.2588818669319153]
[4.503599166870117]
[0.28187060356140137]
[0.3323405981063843]
[0.6522933840751648]
[46.773277282714844]
[1.435563087463379]
[0.4918547570705414]
[0.8161896467208862]
[0.2645447254180908]
[0.5104215145111084]
[3.449249505996704]
[355.02081298828125]
[0.6959918737411499]
[1.0589790344238281]
[0.29715386033058167]
[0.2789418697357178]
[0.7559468746185303]
[0.7928831577301025]
[72.48875427246094]
[0.8649430274963379]
[3.034334421157837]
[49.716678619384766]
[8.657045364379883]
[0.8249460458755493]
[12.50596809387207]
[0.44504672288894653]
[10.388489723205566]
[98.45511627197266]
[51.944881439208984]
[11.344886779785156]
[0.23820984363555908]
[2.013392448425293]
[0.12435945868492126]
[0.293608158826828]
[0.4485943913459778]
[15.268603324890137]
[30.013593673706055]
[0.21136325597763062]
[7.275457382202148]
[0.41975781321525574]
[190.91787719726562]
[5.21132755279541]
[1.1795424222946167]
[0.10790661722421646]
[0.3888742923736572]
[0.17330332100391388]
[0.3446897268295288]
[0.09686651825904846]
[0.9721425771713257]
[0.22773128747940063]
[1.5286972522735596]
[5.091006278991699]
[3.868070602416992]
[68.82655334472656]
[0.44250255823135376]
[0.41787147521972656]
[2.2882137298583984]
[0.3490962088108063]
[0.45465704798698425]
[0.1422397494316101]
[0.31593117117881775]
[4.986237049102783]
[0.2370343655347824]
[0.32873016595840454]
[0.43815603852272034]
[0.12382259219884872]
[0.3163211941719055]
[24.100465774536133]
[0.13987338542938232]
[0.33905887603759766]
[5.248174667358398]
[1.2698891162872314]
[14.291598320007324]
[1.574507713317871]
[0.2686152160167694]
[0.6083807945251465]
[0.2275438904762268]
[0.05189140886068344]
[0.3012829124927521]
[0.11587448418140411]
[1.4159462451934814]
[0.05423591285943985]
[0.06370799988508224]
[0.2303674817085266]
[45.20729064941406]
[0.6486503481864929]
[0.8839664459228516]
[0.24951110780239105]
[0.5969623327255249]
[0.12166884541511536]
[0.12010332942008972]
[0.24093139171600342]
[0.08892937004566193]
[0.4504149258136749]
[277.83245849609375]
[0.2546238601207733]
[0.2146938443183899]
[0.22874706983566284]
[157.24423217773438]
[10.84273910522461]
[0.19281883537769318]
[0.05303877964615822]
[0.27488821744918823]
[0.3098863661289215]
[0.05659152567386627]
[0.10192270576953888]
[0.48891839385032654]
[3.262014389038086]
[0.19448716938495636]
[0.1889960914850235]
[0.18637077510356903]
[0.07762022316455841]
[1.2720140218734741]
[0.20324689149856567]
[0.3114372491836548]
[13.921991348266602]
[18.212209701538086]
[78.32975769042969]
[0.4354909062385559]
[0.1416417807340622]
[0.8941735029220581]
[5.675445079803467]
[0.12433166801929474]
[0.18372513353824615]
[2.0204267501831055]
[0.2981157600879669]
[0.09675226360559464]
[0.1388087421655655]
[4.1982526779174805]
[0.08124388754367828]
[40.65733337402344]
[2.7116613388061523]
[0.22899159789085388]
[4.08458948135376]
[0.2979983985424042]
[0.16396783292293549]
[0.12117385119199753]
[0.04551026225090027]
[0.11066718399524689]
[0.5429151654243469]
[0.3003402054309845]
[0.699903666973114]
[0.7470148205757141]
[10.712202072143555]
[46.184078216552734]
[0.11246132105588913]
[4.486715316772461]
[109.57757568359375]
[0.1862199902534485]
[0.21330022811889648]
[0.11782155930995941]
[1.816481113433838]
[0.3896513283252716]
[0.0946863442659378]
[2.4509928226470947]
[0.1020875945687294]
[15.138105392456055]
[10.492315292358398]
[0.10061508417129517]
[15.390615463256836]
[3.019336462020874]
[0.2501249313354492]
[1105.9144287109375]
[0.22047606110572815]
[0.10006552934646606]
[0.1106427013874054]
[0.11175400018692017]
[0.07736857235431671]
[0.05215911939740181]
[0.22061055898666382]
[0.18292972445487976]
[0.07726307213306427]
[0.13652074337005615]
[0.4642719328403473]
[1.0283303260803223]
[0.20259150862693787]
[0.08590377867221832]
[0.1413719207048416]
[0.13490235805511475]
[0.16739524900913239]
[0.18338628113269806]
[0.2787013351917267]
[0.14978814125061035]
[59.42635726928711]
[0.3550754487514496]
[0.07453731447458267]
[0.3298261761665344]
[0.1304107904434204]
[0.2388419508934021]
[0.24333830177783966]
[1.1159156560897827]
[0.24229112267494202]
[0.1617702692747116]
[0.09155154228210449]
[0.727921724319458]
[1.2719337940216064]
[5.773766994476318]
[0.2458372712135315]
[0.08952390402555466]
[0.11876660585403442]
[224.52081298828125]
[0.20751851797103882]
[0.12350685894489288]
[0.23904894292354584]
[4.022997856140137]
[0.0793512687087059]
[4.936772346496582]
[0.15784114599227905]
[24.243436813354492]
[0.05279455706477165]
[0.18933513760566711]
[0.09807310253381729]
[0.16216573119163513]
[0.1504202038049698]
[1.4727483987808228]
[0.10355624556541443]
[0.11721933633089066]
[640.9322509765625]
[0.0530908927321434]
[0.06764182448387146]
[0.27007028460502625]
[0.07906357198953629]
[0.26103371381759644]
[0.2589142322540283]
[0.04926123097538948]
[0.11925008893013]
[0.42347848415374756]
[0.07044077664613724]
[0.15349364280700684]
[0.07632498443126678]
[0.119842030107975]
[3.2914209365844727]
[0.21126720309257507]
[0.051496006548404694]
[1849.7706298828125]
[0.206706240773201]
[5.034648895263672]
[4.022211074829102]
[0.10648607462644577]
[0.11231110244989395]
[0.4505334198474884]
[0.9425880312919617]
[0.3885538876056671]
[4.519524574279785]
[0.1574922651052475]
[10.25008773803711]
[2.3137576580047607]
[1.990901231765747]
[0.40636003017425537]
[2.3829338550567627]
[1.9246253967285156]
[36.59397506713867]
[0.17842388153076172]
[0.09248588234186172]
[73.96218872070312]
[0.22647319734096527]
[4.554915904998779]
[0.34459659457206726]
[0.18967875838279724]
[0.21312838792800903]
[0.2961648106575012]
[0.28175827860832214]
[0.40471675992012024]
[0.34830164909362793]
[0.4970110356807709]
[2.1960816383361816]
[0.1656533032655716]
[0.1453380137681961]
[0.3052387535572052]
[0.5972738862037659]
[0.2821107506752014]
[0.7755203247070312]
[6.069639682769775]
[0.16951772570610046]
[0.3762483298778534]
[0.12709477543830872]
[0.25114527344703674]
[0.11466582119464874]
[1.5109467506408691]
[0.4811578392982483]
[0.8540342450141907]
[0.2576962411403656]
[3.807199716567993]
[0.27105656266212463]
[4.181910991668701]
[0.15261328220367432]
[0.2654280364513397]
[0.172891765832901]
[0.10172510892152786]
[6.197871685028076]
[0.12927740812301636]
[4.675410747528076]
[0.17324501276016235]
[0.2951640486717224]
[4.217094898223877]
[0.09548942744731903]
[0.3738779127597809]
[0.28257063031196594]
[0.9019018411636353]
[0.06629149615764618]
[0.1766970008611679]
[0.08879408240318298]
[0.08771045506000519]
[0.22646136581897736]
[0.09933137148618698]
[0.09823992848396301]
[8.88494873046875]
[0.20906323194503784]
[5.62109375]
[0.16113193333148956]
[0.42582616209983826]
[0.28296390175819397]
[0.09289796650409698]
[0.242120623588562]
[6.473570346832275]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.09271413832902908]
[0.3038775622844696]
[0.7430698275566101]
[4.077455520629883]
[15.516925811767578]
[0.13953496515750885]
[0.19127784669399261]
[0.528883159160614]
[0.1525290459394455]
[0.08575474470853806]
[5.301541328430176]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.33257290720939636]
[0.12614794075489044]
[0.07796302437782288]
[3.2745983600616455]
[0.08438611775636673]
[0.15830811858177185]
[3.7179574966430664]
[699.4474487304688]
[27.546188354492188]
[0.0983356386423111]
[0.06873878836631775]
[0.17947401106357574]
[0.08423864096403122]
[2.0766348838806152]
[0.1537078320980072]
[15.585718154907227]
[63.486690521240234]
[0.09941256791353226]
[0.08872344344854355]
[0.24638670682907104]
[148.2667694091797]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.17562393844127655]
[146.98406982421875]
[4.258774757385254]
[14.52728271484375]
[0.149627223610878]
[0.26584166288375854]
[0.16222304105758667]
[44.220191955566406]
[4.812900543212891]
[0.10011038929224014]
[3.752882480621338]
[0.40144383907318115]
[14.237393379211426]
[0.39562514424324036]
[14.375283241271973]
[2.3241565227508545]
[0.233623206615448]
[0.4324630796909332]
[0.35877880454063416]
[0.4364042282104492]
[0.37300387024879456]
[0.6458702683448792]
[3.0586435794830322]
[0.1680067479610443]
[4.612585067749023]
[0.15154606103897095]
[1051.0911865234375]
[0.16647326946258545]
[3.5883073806762695]
[0.2129582017660141]
[0.46416082978248596]
[0.43433311581611633]
conversion error
conversion error
[48.03382873535156]
[9.293661117553711]
[0.20984715223312378]
[255.30735778808594]
[2.356496572494507]
[1.9446778297424316]
[0.46427565813064575]
[0.3994372487068176]
[0.25918251276016235]
[0.44687652587890625]
[3.6613729000091553]
[6.653578281402588]
[0.26226091384887695]
[0.4580148458480835]
[0.9422758221626282]
[1.2686375379562378]
[5.019608020782471]
[0.29991304874420166]
[0.6652518510818481]
[9.609509468078613]
[11.692584991455078]
[3.8288116455078125]
[0.3865557610988617]
[0.2780786454677582]
[0.2653826177120209]
[0.3916434943675995]
[0.3573664128780365]
[2.8908629417419434]
[144.60189819335938]
[0.4840279817581177]
[0.15247595310211182]
[0.11589977145195007]
conversion error
conversion error
[2.138761043548584]
[0.27126216888427734]
[0.13643962144851685]
[1.2177562713623047]
[0.14138329029083252]
[0.15730273723602295]
[0.13162344694137573]
[0.28206005692481995]
[3.7829296588897705]
[0.268596887588501]
[3784.824462890625]
[6.922975063323975]
[0.23240379989147186]
[2.5587923526763916]
[1610.0975341796875]
[0.23028632998466492]
[1.0494779348373413]
[1859.579345703125]
[69.60562133789062]
[0.2886982560157776]
[40.86133575439453]
[0.5889437198638916]
[46.237335205078125]
[0.8551712036132812]
[2.870151996612549]
[1.016020655632019]
[0.2526521682739258]
[0.5954004526138306]
[0.2555881440639496]
[0.6549403667449951]
[0.470979243516922]
[0.5288642644882202]
conversion error
conversion error
[5.331215858459473]
[10.286977767944336]
[3.996824264526367]
[3.2231252193450928]
[0.2760307788848877]
[7.805046558380127]
[0.5671928524971008]
[3.7721078395843506]
[0.2540533244609833]
[0.4168381094932556]
[0.412034809589386]
[11.509156227111816]
[0.8054445385932922]
[11.379034042358398]
[1.3549492359161377]
[0.19961942732334137]
[0.18762150406837463]
[0.37031129002571106]
[0.6661710143089294]
[0.4217544496059418]
[0.4415731728076935]
[0.44571730494499207]
[0.3433006703853607]
[0.46120768785476685]
[0.46434155106544495]
[8.976574897766113]
[11.050372123718262]
[0.4070976674556732]
[0.23819652199745178]
[0.2507164478302002]
[29.99779510498047]
[0.11456022411584854]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.9159989356994629]
[577.4309692382812]
[0.6866250038146973]
[10.611710548400879]
[0.16239967942237854]
[0.26027703285217285]
[18.486661911010742]
[3.197873830795288]
[0.10738688707351685]
[0.27141621708869934]
[0.3124810457229614]
[0.13351206481456757]
[0.26779118180274963]
[0.29688405990600586]
[0.5790668725967407]
[1.3083016872406006]
[0.2484137862920761]
[24.063919067382812]
[1.7469929456710815]
[0.21333558857440948]
[0.17129838466644287]
[0.7224131226539612]
[0.25593724846839905]
[0.11750856041908264]
[0.29002484679222107]
[0.4442088007926941]
[0.9601553082466125]
[0.09200607985258102]
[0.24192005395889282]
[0.15685583651065826]
[0.3945150673389435]
[8.6287841796875]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[30.2061824798584]
[0.3836122155189514]
[13.337983131408691]
[0.5751370787620544]
[0.29180946946144104]
[0.1450730860233307]
[66.33684539794922]
[0.3014810383319855]
[24.22210121154785]
[0.2117922157049179]
[0.2932603657245636]
[1.4748196601867676]
[0.6108090877532959]
[2.1904244422912598]
[0.31733012199401855]
[130.04896545410156]
[0.33550673723220825]
[0.37921324372291565]
[0.12036479264497757]
[0.1880655139684677]
[0.2935085892677307]
[0.16908898949623108]
[0.28927621245384216]
[87.55316162109375]
[224.75466918945312]
[0.272945761680603]
[4.769542217254639]
[14.106210708618164]
[1.1436643600463867]
[23.42843246459961]
[0.1474340558052063]
[0.1420804262161255]
conversion error
conversion error
[19.85155487060547]
[3.3525009155273438]
[7.500234603881836]
[42.0745964050293]
[0.0946749746799469]
[3.862901210784912]
[0.0871586799621582]
[0.7241680026054382]
[4.186456680297852]
[1.2155661582946777]
[0.14509086310863495]
[0.17763374745845795]
[458.8328552246094]
[0.1413663774728775]
[912.8707885742188]
[281.7270202636719]
[0.16866765916347504]
[0.06056350842118263]
[0.2034149020910263]
[0.12520141899585724]
[8.736201286315918]
[84.57128143310547]
[0.3797793686389923]
[4.578306674957275]
[1.1390323638916016]
[5.5039215087890625]
[1.401068925857544]
[1.9756686687469482]
[71.4264144897461]
[13.95019245147705]
[0.07517074793577194]
[43.85708999633789]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.9698306322097778]
[4.184995651245117]
[0.3476318120956421]
[0.17224803566932678]
[0.12259933352470398]
[0.418355792760849]
[10.289685249328613]
[0.2685251533985138]
[0.2126195728778839]
[0.12686972320079803]
[0.4791729748249054]
[0.1568833589553833]
[28.335420608520508]
[0.1460380107164383]
[96.81793975830078]
[16.650968551635742]
[0.14145733416080475]
[0.24904096126556396]
[0.41975975036621094]
[0.10603915899991989]
[0.2598010301589966]
[0.12967973947525024]
[0.40780001878738403]
[0.290779709815979]
[22.26205825805664]
[0.18412847816944122]
[0.2106844186782837]
[0.10435605049133301]
[21.354970932006836]
[4.046494483947754]
[0.264840692281723]
[0.37052151560783386]
[0.07932167500257492]
[0.10284432768821716]
[64.10899353027344]
[0.11249545216560364]
[3.965954065322876]
[0.1492239534854889]
[0.18669958412647247]
[0.1970144659280777]
[132.23690795898438]
[2.413748264312744]
[0.1228785589337349]
[0.39739906787872314]
[0.18483024835586548]
[0.2094476819038391]
[0.11396397650241852]
[0.07093271613121033]
[1.683955430984497]
[0.057834383100271225]
[61.83036804199219]
[0.04864934831857681]
[0.23191361129283905]
[0.1403082013130188]
[0.23727206885814667]
[0.3100088834762573]
[0.10602350533008575]
[9.173240661621094]
[5.520658016204834]
[3.725889205932617]
[0.35255470871925354]
[13.444771766662598]
[0.0882960706949234]
[3.8140578269958496]
[23.949016571044922]
[3.2236037254333496]
[0.05989636480808258]
[0.1719597429037094]
[1311.3974609375]
[3.798525333404541]
[32.8094596862793]
[2.4154107570648193]
[2.782531976699829]
[0.43824145197868347]
[0.5129144191741943]
[0.3199983537197113]
[9.202349662780762]
[203.93128967285156]
[5.662215709686279]
[0.48006802797317505]
[0.4622642993927002]
[1.3072509765625]
[1.1107864379882812]
[0.7977802157402039]
[0.3916703164577484]
[2119.126953125]
[0.3959066867828369]
[0.06393516808748245]
[0.10690812021493912]
[0.08163374662399292]
[94.42395782470703]
[5.317310810089111]
[0.11530221998691559]
[0.17036953568458557]
[0.31470784544944763]
[0.43094417452812195]
[0.4942343235015869]
[0.6314027309417725]
[72.81134033203125]
[22.953065872192383]
[0.3605521321296692]
[0.25732430815696716]
[5.74118185043335]
[5.996356010437012]
[0.5769191980361938]
[39.140506744384766]
[0.4174518585205078]
[5.487337112426758]
[0.5217580199241638]
[1.1536507606506348]
[5.854921817779541]
[0.5725783705711365]
[0.7845343947410583]
[7.749747276306152]
[0.3921165466308594]
[1.0446935892105103]
[0.7646607160568237]
[0.6241158843040466]
[0.4700761139392853]
[0.42932018637657166]
[0.5273476243019104]
[0.7156911492347717]
[5.0072197914123535]
[90.3563461303711]
[0.6271730661392212]
[0.3214140832424164]
[0.15651242434978485]
[14.46563720703125]
[43.739051818847656]
[0.28690001368522644]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.36055731773376465]
[0.30803143978118896]
[0.27597343921661377]
[0.3348574936389923]
[0.10326286405324936]
[0.17182859778404236]
[0.18703050911426544]
[0.08301214873790741]
[10.811978340148926]
[0.09075598418712616]
[0.07231760770082474]
[0.220682293176651]
[0.21965400874614716]
[2.8068437576293945]
[0.21804800629615784]
[24.65764808654785]
[0.26234742999076843]
[3.9727163314819336]
[1342.33203125]
[0.3192490339279175]
[0.12182760238647461]
[2.614194869995117]
[0.09293407201766968]
[34.22507858276367]
[0.32759976387023926]
[0.8606191277503967]
[0.34900403022766113]
[0.09037185460329056]
[56.44472122192383]
[0.43720725178718567]
[0.10773954540491104]
[0.07589628547430038]
[1.1719893217086792]
[54.119319915771484]
[0.20944508910179138]
[12.384281158447266]
[256.3297119140625]
[0.5688663721084595]
[1.6544016599655151]
[0.15843801200389862]
[5.214489936828613]
[1212.8040771484375]
[0.1368330419063568]
[1.269683837890625]
[3.6999990940093994]
[1.258211612701416]
[0.24406404793262482]
[0.12237204611301422]
[0.41717129945755005]
[0.2658486068248749]
[0.27625587582588196]
[0.29733359813690186]
[0.16014364361763]
[1.519468069076538]
[0.07120507210493088]
[2.2321410179138184]
[0.08445720374584198]
[0.23179689049720764]
[0.31856897473335266]
[0.3165130019187927]
[0.09500329941511154]
[0.06686767935752869]
[0.9460906386375427]
[10.921187400817871]
[19.74624252319336]
[2.0160422325134277]
[0.2842503488063812]
[0.13231489062309265]
[0.0784328281879425]
[0.1835775375366211]
[3.0725066661834717]
[124.9745864868164]
[0.14604641497135162]
[9.547625541687012]
[3.797879934310913]
[0.22798489034175873]
[7.391114711761475]
[2.161210060119629]
[0.05805695429444313]
[0.13449256122112274]
[0.07308285683393478]
[0.12456301599740982]
[0.06435501575469971]
[0.042943380773067474]
[0.3840239346027374]
[0.7526921629905701]
[0.23359958827495575]
[0.2724861800670624]
[0.7256454229354858]
[0.13247355818748474]
[1.2153198719024658]
[0.7608107924461365]
[0.3278350830078125]
[0.2624454200267792]
[0.5231888294219971]
[0.10333717614412308]
[0.23929964005947113]
[4.123022079467773]
[0.053293097764253616]
[0.16911695897579193]
[0.13067008554935455]
[0.21225832402706146]
[118.75763702392578]
[5.664090633392334]
[0.08725719153881073]
[176.7217559814453]
[0.05694502219557762]
[0.1608993113040924]
[0.5065511465072632]
[0.16057053208351135]
[0.1325148046016693]
[0.04148401319980621]
[0.07376929372549057]
[11.329257011413574]
[0.10073055326938629]
[1.6625498533248901]
[29.438867568969727]
[58.52643585205078]
[1.8481521606445312]
[0.2645736634731293]
[4.025092124938965]
[0.2002866566181183]
[0.11446318030357361]
[391.61004638671875]
[0.10279589891433716]
[0.07743576169013977]
[0.1869816929101944]
[0.161213219165802]
[0.23614896833896637]
[18.838054656982422]
[4.602380752563477]
[43.81640625]
[0.29646942019462585]
[0.05899035930633545]
[0.072745680809021]
[38.96746063232422]
[0.2222786396741867]
[0.15740998089313507]
[0.13795363903045654]
[220.9487762451172]
[6.503821849822998]
[0.09416460990905762]
[0.13132430613040924]
[0.12796653807163239]
[0.08309908956289291]
[0.11286300420761108]
[0.06669619679450989]
[130.4440460205078]
[4.638872146606445]
[1.2184420824050903]
[0.07616174221038818]
[2403.8408203125]
[0.12355081737041473]
[0.16836686432361603]
[4.990323066711426]
[0.13297145068645477]
[0.1303718388080597]
[0.5262270569801331]
conversion error
conversion error
[169.7730255126953]
[2.556912899017334]
[0.6373995542526245]
[9.000608444213867]
[1.4742594957351685]
[22.801172256469727]
[0.463501513004303]
[1.5776870250701904]
[0.2156461924314499]
[10.454044342041016]
[0.7213180661201477]
[0.3309961259365082]
[5.184457778930664]
[12.451684951782227]
[1.0452656745910645]
[0.4037015438079834]
[0.830043613910675]
[55.90384292602539]
[0.4309026598930359]
[9.280346870422363]
[0.9998946189880371]
[0.6302613615989685]
[58.36659622192383]
[0.33225497603416443]
[0.38787609338760376]
[3.0268242359161377]
[0.5381137728691101]
[0.3033912181854248]
[0.14957119524478912]
[0.6487593650817871]
[0.5528131723403931]
[12.164602279663086]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.9381958842277527]
[0.7398802042007446]
[3.432960271835327]
[0.1848192811012268]
[0.7637689709663391]
[0.1426485776901245]
[0.6534446477890015]
[0.387643426656723]
[0.35803183913230896]
[0.18303938210010529]
[0.202424094080925]
[0.08132214844226837]
[0.6205726861953735]
[0.573373556137085]
[0.41062816977500916]
[2.681643486022949]
[30.2454776763916]
[32.6943244934082]
[2.0459182262420654]
[0.5133559107780457]
[0.27189570665359497]
[0.47247982025146484]
[0.12888245284557343]
[285.9779357910156]
[17.913576126098633]
[0.44313758611679077]
[0.28071701526641846]
[0.06543390452861786]
[0.08540474623441696]
[10.687368392944336]
[0.21695125102996826]
[2.624066114425659]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.2626025378704071]
[0.32448405027389526]
[0.06813397258520126]
[0.7733094096183777]
[0.0670928880572319]
[0.1075715571641922]
[217.75425720214844]
[0.48320019245147705]
[12.083139419555664]
[2.2164337635040283]
[11.606863975524902]
[0.1643037348985672]
[0.31110551953315735]
[0.16832952201366425]
[1.1242960691452026]
[0.06433238834142685]
[0.2259765863418579]
[7409.92626953125]
[23.987016677856445]
[42.99471664428711]
[0.9671995639801025]
[3.4572129249572754]
[141.1531524658203]
[4.636885166168213]
[2.3115553855895996]
[11.416029930114746]
[2.853365182876587]
[2.3651180267333984]
[7.21127986907959]
[2.1939547061920166]
[11.261444091796875]
[501.8726501464844]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[6.369020462036133]
[2.8384933471679688]
[3.1856887340545654]
[259.09503173828125]
[6.161355018615723]
[15.140680313110352]
[6.402130603790283]
[110.70364379882812]
[54.1762580871582]
[198.31085205078125]
[3.5866875648498535]
[10.623583793640137]
[5.978303909301758]
[14.729070663452148]
[2.9639270305633545]
[146.8395538330078]
[1.6146938800811768]
[4.18498420715332]
[6.428017616271973]
[52.77872085571289]
[1.6032241582870483]
[20.50909423828125]
[2.6516759395599365]
[12.508781433105469]
[1.4539167881011963]
[3.233433246612549]
[5.429009914398193]
[40.781410217285156]
[12.762325286865234]
[2.0838403701782227]
[1495.34228515625]
[422.2817687988281]
[10.850746154785156]
[1.5252653360366821]
[1.0046074390411377]
[1.4108691215515137]
[3.136491060256958]
[1.8492988348007202]
[2.8817946910858154]
[1.551636815071106]
[5745.28759765625]
[2.3940513134002686]
[1515.690185546875]
[3.5182950496673584]
[1.8722288608551025]
[38.560302734375]
[1.7634788751602173]
[1.811753749847412]
[2.843064308166504]
[1.7489709854125977]
[1.1311535835266113]
[1.330845594406128]
[2.6916463375091553]
[1.8458682298660278]
[2.8083178997039795]
[12.267827033996582]
[0.8051475286483765]
[373.26171875]
[2.8488333225250244]
[4.440335273742676]
[18.89156150817871]
[2000.8123779296875]
[227.05567932128906]
[11.156991958618164]
[5.110385894775391]
[1.6696999073028564]
[1.5003105401992798]
[2.6124277114868164]
[2378.62060546875]
[105.6158676147461]
[288.861083984375]
[2.0346829891204834]
[2.041541337966919]
[16.861526489257812]
[0.6320654153823853]
[1.9320231676101685]
[645.0210571289062]
[1.461948275566101]
[0.8034433722496033]
[0.8485041856765747]
[11.154472351074219]
[0.368122398853302]
[111.3727798461914]
[2.6066532135009766]
[0.935407280921936]
[1.250938892364502]
[0.7928363084793091]
[17.891468048095703]
[1.420522928237915]
[10.447632789611816]
[3.3707568645477295]
[0.7842938303947449]
[2.665567398071289]
[1.1773416996002197]
[1.2830184698104858]
[0.3599972426891327]
[0.8090246319770813]
[1.4059176445007324]
[0.8398334980010986]
[1.5563980340957642]
[25.50136947631836]
[0.811676561832428]
[0.9743092060089111]
[0.9530702829360962]
[1.0771241188049316]
[3.861984968185425]
[1.0552358627319336]
[9.720184326171875]
[0.8837714195251465]
[0.45780032873153687]
[4.927487373352051]
[21.698265075683594]
[5.993035316467285]
[0.0988704189658165]
[1.014198899269104]
[1.4719806909561157]
[96.04454803466797]
[0.6814823150634766]
[0.8902298212051392]
[0.6340018510818481]
[2.3485262393951416]
[0.756844699382782]
[120.9345474243164]
[2.2215452194213867]
[0.9598693251609802]
[0.4500226080417633]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.8483158349990845]
[0.8846710920333862]
[38.498870849609375]
[71.23352813720703]
[1.814517617225647]
[133.8333740234375]
[0.6250476241111755]
[0.3799453675746918]
[774.1009521484375]
[0.6626821756362915]
[25.101293563842773]
[0.28148728609085083]
[0.5006585121154785]
[0.6963798999786377]
[4.867045879364014]
[0.9669644832611084]
[1.7813498973846436]
[0.3098030686378479]
[0.46960368752479553]
[0.3320138156414032]
[0.9209327101707458]
[0.5363566875457764]
[0.5146539807319641]
[0.25720497965812683]
[0.7431530952453613]
[8.481053352355957]
[0.5990450382232666]
[1.0830142498016357]
[0.7044211626052856]
[0.6288542747497559]
[1.1401963233947754]
[0.6869931817054749]
[0.7425930500030518]
[0.7532087564468384]
[0.6171116828918457]
[6.624177932739258]
[4886.8232421875]
[0.7727404832839966]
[494.34527587890625]
[1.8209539651870728]
[0.44124919176101685]
[2.338602066040039]
[0.9857606291770935]
[35.17149353027344]
[1.5646814107894897]
[749.1314086914062]
[1.1333293914794922]
[0.6780180931091309]
[0.8108373284339905]
[3.6058855056762695]
[11.824797630310059]
[8.558032989501953]
[2.1148602962493896]
[1.481329321861267]
[63.458717346191406]
[2.8856701850891113]
[4.020768642425537]
[1.8335556983947754]
[3.3455185890197754]
[2.3185362815856934]
[3.9710018634796143]
[139.13656616210938]
[14.87598991394043]
[179.6433563232422]
[1.0305149555206299]
[10.442163467407227]
[12.512757301330566]
[1.3056944608688354]
[15.879926681518555]
[7.058509349822998]
[1.2404046058654785]
[0.5921918749809265]
[5.108480930328369]
[2.853139638900757]
[2.36151385307312]
[7.082444667816162]
[2.453902006149292]
[187.29615783691406]
[0.610781729221344]
[1.0891659259796143]
[4.231445789337158]
[4.121435165405273]
[1.7461901903152466]
[16.16375160217285]
[50.09551239013672]
[1.230889916419983]
[2278.403564453125]
[40.417213439941406]
[1.518182635307312]
[9.571023941040039]
[1.5629884004592896]
[1.2238168716430664]
[1.2877956628799438]
[2.1636879444122314]
[1.9627331495285034]
[3.2761456966400146]
[1.6748939752578735]
[4.008416652679443]
[4.522808074951172]
[5.516070365905762]
[53.622013092041016]
[1.4159817695617676]
[93.93841552734375]
[3.3019442558288574]
[4.971553802490234]
[10.996891021728516]
[1.4649481773376465]
[2.091999053955078]
[3.4148149490356445]
[35.509029388427734]
[5.882209300994873]
[1.927181363105774]
[504.4345703125]
[2.3407058715820312]
[1.1392778158187866]
[48.96720886230469]
[2366.080078125]
[3.123248815536499]
[0.6504015326499939]
[5.6607279777526855]
[0.5595253705978394]
[6.8033342361450195]
[8.515213012695312]
[2.5260908603668213]
[0.877855658531189]
[1.211398720741272]
[2.0177252292633057]
[1.3796286582946777]
[0.6114633083343506]
[60.19648742675781]
[0.9489516615867615]
[6.851213455200195]
[0.8398118019104004]
[0.6300510764122009]
[0.5900679230690002]
[1.11854887008667]
[0.5326830148696899]
[0.9121913313865662]
[1.9600858688354492]
[2.8873441219329834]
[0.9358184933662415]
[1.2644169330596924]
[2.275790214538574]
[11.345187187194824]
[0.5071658492088318]
[68.44401550292969]
[40.907344818115234]
[1.0680534839630127]
[11.200272560119629]
[0.2039233148097992]
[2.0427770614624023]
[2.601386070251465]
[0.9660576581954956]
[2.9432263374328613]
[55.360958099365234]
[0.9995247721672058]
[34.171485900878906]
[0.6739501357078552]
[2.0767714977264404]
[0.5530521273612976]
[14.423103332519531]
[0.5350877046585083]
[14.180789947509766]
[0.8018340468406677]
[0.21938982605934143]
[1.374808669090271]
[0.5572774410247803]
[483.20550537109375]
[2.8085062503814697]
[1.557347059249878]
[0.9659614562988281]
[6.085809707641602]
[34.426937103271484]
[1.196884274482727]
[0.3161381483078003]
[0.6466416120529175]
[0.4156709611415863]
[4.738659381866455]
[1.0289485454559326]
[0.6645186543464661]
[0.7225701808929443]
[5.18809700012207]
[0.7986750602722168]
[0.9150898456573486]
[0.5279971361160278]
[20.552053451538086]
[1.014898657798767]
[1.0855450630187988]
[302.24737548828125]
[5.1308512687683105]
[30.763683319091797]
[27.189756393432617]
[0.7308287024497986]
[0.5875726342201233]
[164.0829315185547]
[1.7767621278762817]
[3.4919846057891846]
[0.4035225808620453]
[0.6478021144866943]
[0.38497886061668396]
[25.14130210876465]
[29.466087341308594]
[185.52728271484375]
[1.470224142074585]
[0.597252368927002]
[1.2338876724243164]
[7.837347030639648]
[52.89497375488281]
[0.5614661574363708]
[0.49342042207717896]
[0.24723435938358307]
[0.5778416991233826]
[20.956655502319336]
[91.82595825195312]
[0.5178098082542419]
[0.2367602288722992]
[0.3023516535758972]
[0.5090644359588623]
[753.7415771484375]
[0.86728835105896]
[0.21211998164653778]
[24.862154006958008]
[0.635231614112854]
[169.8371124267578]
[20.904085159301758]
[1.4379481077194214]
[0.2987973093986511]
[0.6603532433509827]
[5.349689483642578]
[7.283629894256592]
[49.052188873291016]
[0.39567458629608154]
[14.566561698913574]
[29.79788589477539]
[1.375519871711731]
[12.601251602172852]
[0.45388028025627136]
[86.4885482788086]
[0.6137505173683167]
[4.893324375152588]
[0.6519203186035156]
[0.5198006629943848]
[0.49383094906806946]
[0.4771777391433716]
[11.815119743347168]
[86.7451171875]
[0.5672681331634521]
[0.40870338678359985]
[1.2592740058898926]
[0.5415712594985962]
[0.42453452944755554]
[0.3281920254230499]
[20.435754776000977]
[9.925904273986816]
[0.5304473638534546]
[18.220592498779297]
[0.5774270296096802]
[0.3370114862918854]
[0.3547416925430298]
[24.581287384033203]
[21.409709930419922]
[5.041477203369141]
[3.4408252239227295]
[0.5208308696746826]
[4.399293899536133]
[0.3328365981578827]
[0.4227933883666992]
[0.4312968850135803]
[0.258874773979187]
[7.064188003540039]
[4.592385768890381]
[0.7733721733093262]
[0.3821842074394226]
[0.295710951089859]
[68.1859130859375]
[0.3573324680328369]
[0.4995204210281372]
[7.8951802253723145]
[9.719470024108887]
[0.2614416182041168]
[491.787109375]
[3.9111831188201904]
[0.388492226600647]
[0.3836953043937683]
[0.8471314311027527]
[0.16531269252300262]
[0.27653342485427856]
[0.268718957901001]
[0.6392464637756348]
[9.277588844299316]
[0.8058480620384216]
[0.3191722631454468]
[11.772809982299805]
[33.438167572021484]
[0.26515674591064453]
[25.918691635131836]
[0.4643542766571045]
[1.1883293390274048]
[0.34591567516326904]
[1.7734160423278809]
[0.1945977658033371]
[0.5050320625305176]
[50.487831115722656]
[1.3119467496871948]
[0.7738472819328308]
[25.743610382080078]
[0.40201133489608765]
[0.6301854848861694]
[0.20569604635238647]
[0.749779224395752]
[0.8278982639312744]
[0.23136182129383087]
[5.97816276550293]
[1.6080756187438965]
[0.47481995820999146]
[3.037607431411743]
[155.14353942871094]
[0.2795564532279968]
[8.355859756469727]
[0.1360616534948349]
[0.23302412033081055]
[0.3123064935207367]
[0.39118972420692444]
[0.268503874540329]
[0.21145322918891907]
[0.42339035868644714]
[0.5804997086524963]
[4.053366184234619]
[0.2672462463378906]
[0.1300564706325531]
[0.2382720559835434]
[0.2897675633430481]
[0.3187704086303711]
[0.24265575408935547]
[0.22036203742027283]
[0.18196609616279602]
[0.35470718145370483]
[0.254966676235199]
[0.295276403427124]
[0.23903712630271912]
[0.2669330835342407]
[18.157428741455078]
[4.997923374176025]
[22.4537410736084]
[0.11351075023412704]
[0.2331560105085373]
[0.22687046229839325]
[0.08878213912248611]
[9.487489700317383]
[0.6505917906761169]
[0.20604009926319122]
[0.6611807346343994]
[1369.2874755859375]
[0.18512679636478424]
[0.17791883647441864]
[0.26130661368370056]
[0.31738054752349854]
[0.25647735595703125]
[0.34399092197418213]
[0.41038402915000916]
[0.531611979007721]
[0.31214892864227295]
[0.24643127620220184]
[0.2694963812828064]
[0.22020679712295532]
[0.2720877528190613]
[5.24178409576416]
[4.2500691413879395]
[258.3945007324219]
[0.7898824214935303]
[0.28283655643463135]
[2.041337490081787]
[0.22998414933681488]
[21.461652755737305]
[0.35170993208885193]
[0.16480955481529236]
[9.697875022888184]
[0.1818261593580246]
[1.2979496717453003]
[56.47624588012695]
[0.21740655601024628]
[0.3677732050418854]
[0.22612766921520233]
[5.714414119720459]
[3.5976386070251465]
[77.93959045410156]
[0.19810082018375397]
[0.1412276029586792]
[0.28983074426651]
[0.7326714396476746]
[10.494301795959473]
[0.22985725104808807]
[0.19974495470523834]
[3.991128921508789]
[0.24575014412403107]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.1594822257757187]
[0.13527251780033112]
[0.19861525297164917]
[5.781289100646973]
[0.31106460094451904]
[36.63206100463867]
[1862.2816162109375]
[0.16331154108047485]
[287.8173522949219]
[0.1384512186050415]
[20.189306259155273]
[2.417712926864624]
[33.801673889160156]
[2.757023334503174]
[3.717489242553711]
[2007.2225341796875]
[0.2873465418815613]
[0.19382423162460327]
[0.2747781574726105]
[0.3017764389514923]
[0.25171276926994324]
[0.2858109474182129]
[0.2680942118167877]
[10.262821197509766]
[26.995241165161133]
[0.31582847237586975]
[0.25401318073272705]
[0.34572747349739075]
[0.9264224171638489]
[0.4643915593624115]
[0.2668776512145996]
[0.46330899000167847]
[0.46391868591308594]
[0.548285961151123]
[0.46847307682037354]
[0.38206014037132263]
[0.12150534987449646]
[13.071327209472656]
[0.42863231897354126]
[60.8689079284668]
[0.21891619265079498]
[0.42768287658691406]
[1.9367663860321045]
[1.9308987855911255]
[0.7240807414054871]
[5.238550186157227]
[0.2684818208217621]
[27.726093292236328]
[0.6362543702125549]
[0.562096893787384]
[4.0654377937316895]
[0.8038226962089539]
[0.37451106309890747]
[0.45206862688064575]
[6.968880653381348]
[0.2853434681892395]
[0.3437798023223877]
[1.640971064567566]
[0.31030380725860596]
[6756.85546875]
[62.455535888671875]
[0.33194124698638916]
[11.511800765991211]
[5.988681793212891]
[142.23931884765625]
[45.635433197021484]
[1.677402377128601]
[2.3882100582122803]
[1.473800539970398]
[2.0496063232421875]
[2.2533681392669678]
[40.738250732421875]
[0.8712985515594482]
[2.961385726928711]
[248.208984375]
[1.064759612083435]
[2.84389066696167]
[3.7004282474517822]
[9.100261688232422]
[4.25410795211792]
[18.61941146850586]
[29.37933349609375]
[1.5666180849075317]
[65.09374237060547]
[2.5180633068084717]
[2.1198744773864746]
[0.9182074069976807]
[3.8816211223602295]
[0.906247079372406]
[6.923266410827637]
[2.2601048946380615]
[304.9634094238281]
[4.976839065551758]
[1.7246780395507812]
[86.59178924560547]
[3.759010076522827]
[9.214427947998047]
[2.865724563598633]
[21.646648406982422]
[0.7573390007019043]
[1.5450682640075684]
[2.2923126220703125]
[2.014409065246582]
[3.241976737976074]
[3.2920336723327637]
[2.810382127761841]
[0.5157604813575745]
[0.44504329562187195]
[3.0804483890533447]
[124.53040313720703]
[5.830708026885986]
[0.4360355734825134]
[1525.02001953125]
[32.643150329589844]
[1.7432653903961182]
[3.9673547744750977]
[154.7602081298828]
[1.0688354969024658]
[1.860032081604004]
[5.584335803985596]
[0.6139463186264038]
[0.464553564786911]
[21.1185359954834]
[0.7276713848114014]
[37.944847106933594]
[278.5602722167969]
[12.94297981262207]
[2.2474350929260254]
[0.40643420815467834]
[9.152484893798828]
[0.46692273020744324]
[3.9218735694885254]
[3.887629508972168]
[9.357298851013184]
[22.677749633789062]
[0.9221813082695007]
[0.4860636591911316]
[3.6364376544952393]
[0.5844475030899048]
[18.526845932006836]
[0.6564595699310303]
[0.36950647830963135]
[33.0898323059082]
[0.5632685422897339]
[3.8739211559295654]
[0.5272496938705444]
[0.6884157061576843]
[0.793799877166748]
[0.8819963932037354]
[3.6180965900421143]
[0.4321637749671936]
[0.5544447898864746]
[0.5657981634140015]
[13.319814682006836]
[0.4728403091430664]
[27.029584884643555]
[1.418259859085083]
[0.5690743923187256]
[0.6581883430480957]
[0.9785526990890503]
[3.5911362171173096]
[0.34201768040657043]
[0.9185711741447449]
[7.34787130355835]
[0.5294880270957947]
[2.963038444519043]
[9.713011741638184]
[0.3530585765838623]
[0.2865317761898041]
[0.5863606333732605]
[38.423828125]
[0.5450661778450012]
[4.2627034187316895]
[0.5980179905891418]
[0.6752742528915405]
[0.34555256366729736]
[0.5326193571090698]
[0.334951251745224]
[0.3514798879623413]
[0.9488097429275513]
[1.3987045288085938]
[0.37495577335357666]
[0.49635109305381775]
[1.754112720489502]
[5.779446601867676]
[87.78022766113281]
[0.6629292964935303]
[6.786128520965576]
[0.37650758028030396]
[3.5983359813690186]
[3.5978336334228516]
[0.3453125059604645]
[0.24918507039546967]
[7.3419013023376465]
[7.615866184234619]
[0.4241681396961212]
[0.43865859508514404]
[27.86117172241211]
[6.432211399078369]
[0.6321784853935242]
[0.48846298456192017]
[0.4696195721626282]
[12.154518127441406]
[0.8195734620094299]
[0.57619309425354]
[3.738388776779175]
[0.3655156195163727]
[0.4694187045097351]
[0.30405569076538086]
[3.4385013580322266]
[0.9776771664619446]
[17.676280975341797]
[0.5190855264663696]
[3.077728271484375]
[0.23740516602993011]
[32.33948516845703]
[6.309728622436523]
[5.598465442657471]
[55.9472770690918]
[630.7913818359375]
[0.3291899859905243]
[0.29979339241981506]
[43.672943115234375]
[1.5443917512893677]
[0.2582333981990814]
[0.4113753139972687]
[0.31041383743286133]
[0.4009905159473419]
[2.865962028503418]
[0.8428638577461243]
[0.3167685568332672]
[1602.2623291015625]
[0.37495556473731995]
[0.6637346744537354]
[0.5424634218215942]
[44.730743408203125]
[0.31035447120666504]
[0.46185413002967834]
[0.3900732100009918]
[2.865135908126831]
[1.9084351062774658]
[0.37333229184150696]
[0.49007344245910645]
[9.475700378417969]
[269.208740234375]
[0.39173638820648193]
[28.438913345336914]
[209.90696716308594]
[6.6755900382995605]
[0.31801706552505493]
[4.208443641662598]
[0.4863763451576233]
[0.34115687012672424]
[0.344443142414093]
[0.29728394746780396]
[1.1788394451141357]
[0.49875450134277344]
[0.4224311113357544]
[13.122669219970703]
[3.5687592029571533]
[0.615522563457489]
[5.043421745300293]
[4.3413262367248535]
[0.5860554575920105]
[0.33995822072029114]
[0.23760667443275452]
[12.385544776916504]
[0.37249377369880676]
[70.90381622314453]
[0.41538628935813904]
[0.925118625164032]
[0.36450231075286865]
[4.2608723640441895]
[0.29660606384277344]
[1.442325472831726]
[50.464622497558594]
[0.36545342206954956]
[0.3568803668022156]
[2.130990505218506]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.3458924889564514]
[0.3249834179878235]
[0.2865909934043884]
[0.2617933452129364]
[0.28821688890457153]
[1.3684120178222656]
[170.69802856445312]
[0.30662429332733154]
[0.6433773636817932]
[0.2470572590827942]
[11.747078895568848]
[5.577796459197998]
[3.2983522415161133]
[0.7289493083953857]
[0.23722442984580994]
[0.2633301019668579]
[0.25612515211105347]
[0.48592907190322876]
[3.4686853885650635]
[0.5002623200416565]
[0.28659000992774963]
[0.3659497797489166]
[17.394935607910156]
[0.30927586555480957]
[4.357934474945068]
[0.2582012116909027]
[0.23522235453128815]
[0.43263956904411316]
[0.25476330518722534]
[3.221998929977417]
[0.19865936040878296]
[0.22823579609394073]
[21.88845443725586]
[3.276977300643921]
[1.9285805225372314]
[0.40149688720703125]
[9.862504005432129]
[0.1967128962278366]
[1.1928614377975464]
[17.81206703186035]
[0.4382532238960266]
[3.6244354248046875]
[0.19916482269763947]
[0.22670812904834747]
[5.8499298095703125]
[0.1949882060289383]
[0.6218808889389038]
[0.4005659520626068]
[0.46270492672920227]
[21.423931121826172]
[0.20271867513656616]
[66.13400268554688]
[0.19058915972709656]
[6.711139678955078]
[1.7078490257263184]
[0.18628108501434326]
[3.139491081237793]
[2.919088840484619]
[0.20232637226581573]
[34.14753341674805]
[0.19378690421581268]
[3.125826120376587]
[0.35133811831474304]
[5.3083672523498535]
[0.18287092447280884]
[0.27781498432159424]
[0.28966447710990906]
[0.26168063282966614]
[0.502778947353363]
[8.022172927856445]
[27.537504196166992]
[0.2105351984500885]
[0.26502376794815063]
[0.1971609741449356]
[14.72991943359375]
[0.201772540807724]
[16.33286476135254]
[0.1710888147354126]
[107.00703430175781]
[2.6228525638580322]
[2.934619188308716]
[0.2734496593475342]
[0.3086014688014984]
[0.22003424167633057]
[0.14914743602275848]
[0.2607988119125366]
[0.1449754387140274]
[3.961277961730957]
[0.20466013252735138]
[0.3188571631908417]
[9.519896507263184]
[0.126778244972229]
[0.2839895188808441]
[0.19706714153289795]
[6.612734794616699]
[3.917048454284668]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[12.481680870056152]
[9.030835151672363]
[9.597095489501953]
[0.17014345526695251]
[14.867384910583496]
[802.3568115234375]
[0.2009185552597046]
[3.240661859512329]
[7.712794303894043]
[0.21089613437652588]
[0.17545738816261292]
[0.2300715297460556]
[0.1926717907190323]
[0.18204602599143982]
[0.1824149638414383]
[21.913225173950195]
[1.2760109901428223]
[0.2116604745388031]
[0.4661647081375122]
[38.8636474609375]
[15.957372665405273]
[3.8668081760406494]
[0.240936279296875]
[0.48967835307121277]
[0.208359494805336]
[18.693801879882812]
[2.9956841468811035]
[0.09977342933416367]
[0.20694291591644287]
[0.2744902968406677]
[0.22559136152267456]
[0.2644825279712677]
[0.17952460050582886]
[0.16264930367469788]
[0.2005568891763687]
[0.20909525454044342]
[4.060888290405273]
[241.8412628173828]
[5.42003059387207]
[114.05968475341797]
[2.545085906982422]
[17.974166870117188]
[2.4681575298309326]
[0.1809912472963333]
[0.20913583040237427]
[36.170562744140625]
[0.16782496869564056]
[0.10746384412050247]
[7.555963039398193]
[0.5129027962684631]
[0.32556861639022827]
[0.22453123331069946]
[0.29183411598205566]
[0.13648748397827148]
[0.23080092668533325]
[0.1706504225730896]
[4.415541648864746]
[18.664260864257812]
[0.12867359817028046]
[0.13116498291492462]
[3.659108877182007]
[0.16336460411548615]
[0.14772771298885345]
[0.12938155233860016]
conversion error
conversion error
[56.871421813964844]
[65.80007934570312]
[0.18960270285606384]
[18.39771270751953]
[6.152088642120361]
[0.14393042027950287]
[0.19666700065135956]
[8.3505220413208]
[0.17369075119495392]
[0.2212589681148529]
[2.4976308345794678]
[0.12444732338190079]
[0.16605378687381744]
[5.099132537841797]
[0.21151190996170044]
[1.6514395475387573]
[4.139172554016113]
[0.9880420565605164]
[29.060182571411133]
[2.463759422302246]
[3.8476836681365967]
[0.22537437081336975]
[5.5811920166015625]
[0.1524350643157959]
[1.6699572801589966]
[0.22317564487457275]
[17.547941207885742]
[0.09928406774997711]
[5.729180335998535]
[0.19570866227149963]
[18.224851608276367]
[0.11200175434350967]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.20205695927143097]
[4.755976676940918]
[0.16443204879760742]
[0.10758397728204727]
[0.17845337092876434]
[0.12357350438833237]
[2.937621831893921]
[0.11740560829639435]
[0.09568804502487183]
[0.12918370962142944]
[1.805678367614746]
[3.467716932296753]
[0.1852893829345703]
[0.15126070380210876]
[3.1157097816467285]
[5.891183853149414]
[62.91130065917969]
[0.10461238771677017]
[0.15038612484931946]
[0.10414975136518478]
[27.614356994628906]
[5.560108661651611]
[0.7888829708099365]
[0.2776586413383484]
[0.10157155990600586]
[0.5988033413887024]
[0.19352926313877106]
[0.16804152727127075]
[0.11930617690086365]
[21.233726501464844]
[37.8828010559082]
[55.879615783691406]
conversion error
conversion error
[7.727847099304199]
[0.08326561748981476]
[6.719852447509766]
[0.08794523030519485]
[53.96831512451172]
[17.13100814819336]
[0.1172366812825203]
[0.33411628007888794]
[0.12351598590612411]
[0.7967349886894226]
[3.3017466068267822]
[0.18907546997070312]
[0.19495542347431183]
[0.20434683561325073]
[8.862777709960938]
[0.1594226211309433]
[0.2367490977048874]
[0.1616433709859848]
[0.17443928122520447]
[0.6710880994796753]
[0.09195692092180252]
[0.12386464327573776]
[0.2331087738275528]
[0.07828852534294128]
[0.16667276620864868]
[0.10410913825035095]
[170.19415283203125]
[3.086517095565796]
[43.20071792602539]
[0.09990283846855164]
[0.11431500315666199]
[0.6675112247467041]
conversion error
conversion error
[24.172338485717773]
[0.10298777371644974]
[0.2021920531988144]
[0.13427020609378815]
[0.12211188673973083]
[17.112682342529297]
[18.1170597076416]
[0.11764969676733017]
[4.328429222106934]
[4.324748992919922]
[1.2604682445526123]
[1.679297685623169]
[0.11108288913965225]
[23.934616088867188]
[0.661022424697876]
[1.156764030456543]
[0.10558414459228516]
[0.1229611337184906]
[0.10407326370477676]
[2.5667014122009277]
[269.5673522949219]
[0.13260824978351593]
[24.608858108520508]
[0.07314987480640411]
[0.2684458792209625]
[0.14514148235321045]
[0.2977685034275055]
[0.11636939644813538]
[0.11793607473373413]
[0.0965104028582573]
[0.15631364285945892]
[50.162872314453125]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.11665155738592148]
[3.7224245071411133]
[0.13098347187042236]
[0.11753106117248535]
[5.726212024688721]
[0.1311701238155365]
[786.9419555664062]
[0.11777830123901367]
[0.0815865695476532]
[0.14490793645381927]
[0.17725592851638794]
[7.680502414703369]
[0.12413126975297928]
[0.18725278973579407]
[4.262674331665039]
[0.25541216135025024]
[109.93717956542969]
[2.7061939239501953]
[0.12418815493583679]
[3.2936697006225586]
[6.743462085723877]
[0.13534671068191528]
[0.17951932549476624]
[0.38461512327194214]
[0.2951565980911255]
[3.6978397369384766]
[0.15002088248729706]
[0.14804497361183167]
[8.130828857421875]
[0.10966117680072784]
[0.20847700536251068]
[0.13921813666820526]
conversion error
conversion error
[65.46939086914062]
[2.1224722862243652]
[0.21616581082344055]
[0.1837906688451767]
[0.40374764800071716]
[2.238926649093628]
[2.8403780460357666]
[0.12473946809768677]
[0.21326488256454468]
[0.1517917811870575]
[0.16825807094573975]
[8.00595760345459]
[0.28380176424980164]
[0.13251106441020966]
[0.1815272718667984]
[10.763022422790527]
[18.280614852905273]
[0.25125232338905334]
[454.8476257324219]
[7.930789947509766]
[0.11576955765485764]
[0.22000648081302643]
[1.17620050907135]
[18.435192108154297]
[2.711151123046875]
[105.95256042480469]
[0.11918710917234421]
[13.922372817993164]
[0.1622360795736313]
[0.17918694019317627]
[6.745511054992676]
[0.12502139806747437]
conversion error
conversion error
[88.0869140625]
[0.5444192290306091]
[0.16742970049381256]
[4.262913227081299]
[0.1546899825334549]
[131.28485107421875]
[1.1546688079833984]
[5.613544940948486]
[0.2623896598815918]
[0.19571560621261597]
[0.17075063288211823]
[3.3610875606536865]
[4.255093097686768]
[0.14100860059261322]
[38.89042663574219]
[0.1156703308224678]
[0.1112152487039566]
[7.881254196166992]
[0.08232907950878143]
[1.2380938529968262]
[3.803910255432129]
[52.11891555786133]
[0.574699878692627]
[23.307022094726562]
[0.13898473978042603]
[2.7513344287872314]
[0.13924428820610046]
[0.18696042895317078]
[0.11238790303468704]
[37.867950439453125]
[0.11203514039516449]
[0.18281105160713196]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.11004636436700821]
[0.08320066332817078]
[3.6224255561828613]
[0.23406866192817688]
[0.14091496169567108]
[2.4577715396881104]
[0.6284425854682922]
[0.16242387890815735]
[58.11919403076172]
[0.1541556715965271]
[0.056226495653390884]
[119.11639404296875]
[0.11554887145757675]
[1796.6904296875]
[3.248769521713257]
[0.11170752346515656]
[6.37449836730957]
[0.15810531377792358]
[2.675595760345459]
[16.242013931274414]
[6.421214580535889]
[0.1214374378323555]
[0.2916366755962372]
[0.188105508685112]
[98.91423797607422]
[0.39715808629989624]
[0.2660479247570038]
[0.24981343746185303]
[0.06412391364574432]
[0.17972160875797272]
[0.3211634159088135]
[1.2362701892852783]
conversion error
conversion error
[8.791723251342773]
[41.090431213378906]
[1.83524489402771]
[7.2483601570129395]
[118.3641128540039]
[0.13131752610206604]
[0.15737304091453552]
[0.21263767778873444]
[0.21390888094902039]
[0.7233266234397888]
[3.87092924118042]
[2.4543137550354004]
[1.7790770530700684]
[0.39808419346809387]
[0.269692599773407]
[0.46962061524391174]
[1.0906375646591187]
[56.366127014160156]
[0.3045516908168793]
[0.1297227442264557]
[103.92242431640625]
[0.9062044024467468]
[0.12080668658018112]
[0.21372106671333313]
[0.24638961255550385]
[8.736470222473145]
[3.609950065612793]
[0.3407600522041321]
[0.12297025322914124]
[3.928588628768921]
[0.22930079698562622]
[0.1227782741189003]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.600427269935608]
[0.15907281637191772]
[63.51737976074219]
[35.41451644897461]
[1.032606601715088]
[9.310005187988281]
[101.97183227539062]
[0.16143178939819336]
[1.6319857835769653]
[19.8383731842041]
[2.8586084842681885]
[7.822244167327881]
[1.189499020576477]
[0.07150678336620331]
[4.303329944610596]
[0.17614328861236572]
[7.2338972091674805]
[5.92246150970459]
[0.10379426926374435]
[2.7200405597686768]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.86243736743927]
[0.10505663603544235]
[0.0985061526298523]
[0.17611005902290344]
[0.09143288433551788]
[0.18457645177841187]
[4.083654880523682]
[218.5814208984375]
[12.39419937133789]
[38.610877990722656]
[0.15595246851444244]
[4.417196273803711]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.14891588687896729]
[0.15797112882137299]
[34.31996154785156]
[0.13290223479270935]
[2.2543773651123047]
[58.40066909790039]
[0.10296232998371124]
[2.153266191482544]
[0.09613882750272751]
[1.5332142114639282]
[4.805254936218262]
[0.21130213141441345]
[0.16979175806045532]
[0.21412187814712524]
[0.21433892846107483]
[16.703798294067383]
[172.30789184570312]
[92.64781188964844]
[0.17809894680976868]
[1.1553291082382202]
[0.4106701612472534]
[0.10672702640295029]
[52.9396858215332]
[0.15792614221572876]
[0.08973247557878494]
[205.20108032226562]
[0.092682845890522]
[0.834759533405304]
[0.13429412245750427]
[1.2452768087387085]
[65.81338500976562]
[0.3542751669883728]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.0937218889594078]
[195.80413818359375]
[0.2258021980524063]
[2.325054883956909]
[0.08972642570734024]
[14.003312110900879]
[0.1324324756860733]
[0.21063131093978882]
[0.1822463572025299]
[1.4226902723312378]
[1.5189388990402222]
[0.13609065115451813]
[5.1249284744262695]
[25.898168563842773]
[2.0186972618103027]
[4.887625694274902]
[0.09997963160276413]
[0.19619882106781006]
[0.153463214635849]
[12.47935676574707]
[0.10564620792865753]
[0.11970169842243195]
[0.13337743282318115]
[16.813312530517578]
[0.1132851392030716]
[5.212793350219727]
[0.20470893383026123]
[10.776634216308594]
[8.229939460754395]
[0.09097069501876831]
[5.326440811157227]
[1.6051380634307861]
conversion error
conversion error
[2.6815993785858154]
[14.049769401550293]
[4.825679779052734]
[0.2820274829864502]
[84.94689178466797]
[19.018617630004883]
[0.10063574463129044]
[0.1022057756781578]
[86.85324096679688]
[0.10397542268037796]
[0.2166997194290161]
[15.286857604980469]
[1.2886402606964111]
[1.8371069431304932]
[0.05947650969028473]
[0.23242029547691345]
[7.06390380859375]
[0.16598623991012573]
[0.13677774369716644]
[0.0849735364317894]
[1.191421389579773]
[50.90471649169922]
[78.77688598632812]
[18.788780212402344]
[3.095944404602051]
[2.686516046524048]
[0.11246275156736374]
[0.05817190557718277]
[0.7144497632980347]
[8.908677101135254]
[0.07917604595422745]
[0.08640094101428986]
[0.06701542437076569]
[0.11990877985954285]
[0.11719472706317902]
[0.20694175362586975]
[0.11249950528144836]
[0.1420263797044754]
[0.9889888167381287]
[0.14395636320114136]
[1.1801546812057495]
[11.871180534362793]
[7.097030162811279]
[1.2663556337356567]
[18.549888610839844]
[0.1408512443304062]
[8.91299819946289]
[27.776735305786133]
[2.2143590450286865]
[0.12126969546079636]
[1.6729789972305298]
[0.27339211106300354]
[14.621138572692871]
[0.14902494847774506]
[3.267638921737671]
[0.05173299461603165]
[7.896842002868652]
[0.04677031561732292]
[0.9021270871162415]
[9.016595840454102]
[0.07288490235805511]
[0.06963730603456497]
[83.74110412597656]
[1.1237852573394775]
[0.11376660317182541]
[0.04670274257659912]
[0.27258914709091187]
[8.853682518005371]
[15.639447212219238]
[0.10749762505292892]
[11.987022399902344]
[10.637290000915527]
[0.9313881397247314]
[0.12554045021533966]
[0.1002124696969986]
[4.925504207611084]
[0.061473097652196884]
[0.09592176228761673]
[2.6217010021209717]
[1.096273422241211]
[0.06824260950088501]
[4.0503692626953125]
[4.2768096923828125]
[0.04453546926379204]
[18.463220596313477]
[0.04107960686087608]
[12.839155197143555]
[0.10790170729160309]
[25.663562774658203]
[0.08367487788200378]
[0.06263522803783417]
[254.68971252441406]
[0.11414827406406403]
[0.13037295639514923]
[0.19817671179771423]
[0.06417865306138992]
[7.452675819396973]
[3.168248176574707]
[0.1474330723285675]
[3.6115636825561523]
[1224.7303466796875]
[0.09833018481731415]
[0.0994829460978508]
[0.3935934901237488]
[0.10158886760473251]
[0.1565498560667038]
[0.1468367725610733]
[0.10722889751195908]
[0.3558192849159241]
[6.68217658996582]
[0.17709453403949738]
[9.325921058654785]
[191.05421447753906]
[1.590696096420288]
[0.258999228477478]
[0.3404175937175751]
[0.11176552623510361]
[1.2239549160003662]
[37.17033767700195]
[0.1580497771501541]
[4.246736526489258]
[0.16248653829097748]
[0.40207210183143616]
[0.6339554190635681]
[0.1634681075811386]
[4.780395030975342]
[8.328505516052246]
[22.201396942138672]
[0.23736116290092468]
[0.126678004860878]
[0.41169998049736023]
[52.59870529174805]
[0.15499360859394073]
[3.086418390274048]
[21.272052764892578]
[3.1917946338653564]
[0.10365481674671173]
[0.1987282782793045]
[0.0912831723690033]
[33.07167434692383]
[0.20194223523139954]
[0.38824522495269775]
[1.18293035030365]
[0.1900203377008438]
[0.11963070183992386]
[19.250581741333008]
[60.86945724487305]
[0.07820107787847519]
[0.14807161688804626]
[0.12148086726665497]
[0.09803900122642517]
[3.8743391036987305]
[0.1539505571126938]
[0.37325137853622437]
[0.36410000920295715]
[0.18359032273292542]
[3.643632173538208]
[0.2062745839357376]
[183.8201141357422]
[8.198081016540527]
[1.487745761871338]
[7.825171947479248]
[9.932616233825684]
[69.42589569091797]
[0.1489943116903305]
[0.2211059033870697]
[1.0946351289749146]
[1.3036304712295532]
[12.027186393737793]
[0.36166927218437195]
[0.649311900138855]
[16.970605850219727]
[0.10503485053777695]
[0.05788925290107727]
[0.11681605130434036]
[11.873981475830078]
[7.606348991394043]
[4.049282073974609]
[0.13383585214614868]
[470.7733459472656]
[12.757607460021973]
[2.7081449031829834]
[0.12625008821487427]
[4.621310234069824]
[0.13432501256465912]
[0.1518257111310959]
[0.2637108862400055]
[0.5005159974098206]
[3.008086919784546]
[0.1530904918909073]
[0.09693792462348938]
[0.18883727490901947]
[0.3758474588394165]
[0.12669047713279724]
[2114.6513671875]
[0.2957678437232971]
[10.819043159484863]
[0.08686253428459167]
[7.190415859222412]
[2.028991937637329]
[0.2965025007724762]
[2.930670976638794]
[3.3402111530303955]
[28.577035903930664]
[0.6160195469856262]
[0.5049155354499817]
[30.482751846313477]
[0.6368663907051086]
[0.32495617866516113]
[9.412958145141602]
[0.45039546489715576]
[0.21269170939922333]
[18.39913558959961]
[0.2298913151025772]
[80.41358947753906]
[27.408668518066406]
[12.123080253601074]
[0.8864879012107849]
[6.999327182769775]
[39.35830307006836]
[0.6763074398040771]
[3.7648191452026367]
[0.785754382610321]
[24.86020278930664]
[342.13116455078125]
[0.9163600206375122]
[3.802932024002075]
[26.950937271118164]
[78.5467300415039]
[0.4348776936531067]
[0.20844130218029022]
[0.36034539341926575]
[0.6088268756866455]
[2.3158388137817383]
[0.49464595317840576]
[0.8563170433044434]
[311.2105407714844]
[25.301109313964844]
[0.15010951459407806]
[0.4065009653568268]
[0.2466924786567688]
[0.10853748023509979]
[81.37301635742188]
[0.5378395318984985]
[0.22335439920425415]
[0.24538587033748627]
[0.3224269449710846]
[792.3019409179688]
[18.27967071533203]
[0.4090408980846405]
[0.1848784238100052]
[0.20391473174095154]
[0.36912277340888977]
[72.21821594238281]
[0.33428066968917847]
[7.547626495361328]
[0.1633710265159607]
[0.16923518478870392]
[29.533611297607422]
[0.281902551651001]
[0.19940263032913208]
[12.022086143493652]
[0.365483820438385]
[15.085683822631836]
[0.5288868546485901]
[2.465484619140625]
[0.11451834440231323]
[8.008666038513184]
[68.93860626220703]
[1.9766535758972168]
[19.244901657104492]
[0.2845340669155121]
[0.1025601401925087]
[0.3105444610118866]
[0.2432796061038971]
[0.6081602573394775]
[0.23468156158924103]
[4.144975185394287]
[8.039844512939453]
[16.9525089263916]
[0.6754242777824402]
[5.393240451812744]
[2.242004156112671]
[0.14399859309196472]
[312.14007568359375]
[12.372950553894043]
[8.067100524902344]
[0.2170497179031372]
[0.3262786567211151]
[0.2009221464395523]
[0.18180018663406372]
[0.3264297544956207]
[12.118559837341309]
[7.535755634307861]
[0.2056305706501007]
[0.0800417885184288]
[784.7429809570312]
[0.26093173027038574]
[9.0271577835083]
[0.3061356842517853]
[0.3370887041091919]
[61.14885711669922]
[0.1924535036087036]
[14.955575942993164]
[0.281366229057312]
[0.2590397000312805]
[4.935827732086182]
[0.3500175476074219]
[0.31507667899131775]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.8736563920974731]
[0.2237410694360733]
[0.42753270268440247]
[0.28243696689605713]
[0.2456205040216446]
[0.10361221432685852]
[3.0135059356689453]
[37.78564453125]
[0.5260950326919556]
[1.675761103630066]
[0.14020434021949768]
[10.164401054382324]
[0.1758999079465866]
[3.7866179943084717]
[1.3219704627990723]
[2.251420259475708]
[0.5807893872261047]
[0.2694128453731537]
[2.451890468597412]
[2.4641013145446777]
[0.3113810420036316]
[3.675335645675659]
[3.39683198928833]
[4.806827068328857]
[0.2285638004541397]
[0.3951297402381897]
[0.24237844347953796]
[6.509201526641846]
[0.24370376765727997]
[0.11093124747276306]
[36.276206970214844]
[233.46356201171875]
[100.13953399658203]
[0.28242453932762146]
[27.788381576538086]
[0.06154421344399452]
[6.935113430023193]
[0.2076433300971985]
[4.688537120819092]
[6.854394435882568]
[3.3423616886138916]
[0.3496432900428772]
[0.20346906781196594]
[0.23076322674751282]
[0.1816616952419281]
[0.1960178166627884]
[5.884812831878662]
[11.138359069824219]
[2.154242992401123]
[0.10008846968412399]
[0.12451833486557007]
[3.220449924468994]
[0.18494096398353577]
[0.89007169008255]
[0.17867250740528107]
[0.15847983956336975]
[3.3279950618743896]
[0.33361920714378357]
[0.25386878848075867]
[2.2545642852783203]
[0.09543581306934357]
[0.160196915268898]
[0.0995040312409401]
[1.4127048254013062]
[7.4549384117126465]
[0.16051773726940155]
[9.086104393005371]
[5.752415180206299]
[53.909019470214844]
[0.08014024049043655]
[0.13501404225826263]
[0.12131088972091675]
[0.1434575915336609]
[0.22553759813308716]
[0.1193016991019249]
[0.24806560575962067]
[1.3475021123886108]
[0.1350724846124649]
[52.067195892333984]
[5.5123395919799805]
[0.10665083676576614]
[0.2169366031885147]
[17.61290740966797]
[0.11323791742324829]
[31.977561950683594]
[48.86555480957031]
[0.27679917216300964]
[0.10065805166959763]
[12.791082382202148]
[0.08084512501955032]
[0.09534341841936111]
[0.1230267882347107]
[0.07217174023389816]
[0.07917406409978867]
[130.2553253173828]
[23.043699264526367]
[2.749885320663452]
[0.10321081429719925]
[0.09927225857973099]
[0.11068762093782425]
[11.58797836303711]
[1.3201911449432373]
[0.06851798295974731]
[2.7594077587127686]
[0.1456875205039978]
[3.8022050857543945]
[1.2817648649215698]
[0.05934767797589302]
[3.6109819412231445]
[115.59757995605469]
[2.604384422302246]
[1.8825198411941528]
[54.470680236816406]
[0.16021978855133057]
[0.15219344198703766]
[2.1312332153320312]
[2.1752750873565674]
[1.046616554260254]
[0.09967823326587677]
[0.1504448652267456]
[0.14683814346790314]
[1.3560768365859985]
[7.39112663269043]
[2.3696393966674805]
[2.323291778564453]
[0.2344404011964798]
[14.086565971374512]
[0.19058731198310852]
[4.9359002113342285]
[1.311683177947998]
[0.3669074773788452]
[23.5792293548584]
[0.16675341129302979]
[0.20183169841766357]
[0.9972602725028992]
[0.12567099928855896]
[169.8174285888672]
[3.46817684173584]
[30.816268920898438]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.1963588148355484]
[0.412491112947464]
[2397.12109375]
[0.11970499902963638]
[48.62751007080078]
[3.3127753734588623]
[0.1664164513349533]
[0.09544426947832108]
[0.3070422112941742]
[5.444854259490967]
[1.3474403619766235]
[31.513023376464844]
[31.577354431152344]
[3.795285701751709]
[0.3003268241882324]
[7.236142635345459]
[0.15246005356311798]
[0.5728103518486023]
[0.17206823825836182]
[0.30120307207107544]
[0.5130015015602112]
[61.712589263916016]
[0.5104925632476807]
[7.658020496368408]
[2.796517848968506]
[415.00408935546875]
[1.6599115133285522]
[0.34812796115875244]
[7.324665546417236]
[7.461292743682861]
[0.1999257653951645]
[0.1446186900138855]
[3.451479911804199]
[0.2555053234100342]
[8.93204402923584]
[1.8867946863174438]
[1.8203346729278564]
[0.473591148853302]
[0.2776683568954468]
[6.432590484619141]
[222.85433959960938]
[0.185173898935318]
[0.25482821464538574]
[33.28553771972656]
[3.8470120429992676]
[0.18797479569911957]
[0.1581891030073166]
[5.110657215118408]
[1.7913219928741455]
[8.858159065246582]
[0.05188171938061714]
[0.22800761461257935]
[0.07985401153564453]
[1.3416650295257568]
[304.6776428222656]
[0.4618587791919708]
[11.349052429199219]
[110.2603988647461]
[4.167402744293213]
[0.0833565816283226]
[4.4843363761901855]
[0.06963592022657394]
[2.209843873977661]
[0.19297894835472107]
[0.24824252724647522]
[0.22997882962226868]
[0.13586202263832092]
[0.21319496631622314]
[8.328941345214844]
[3.625779628753662]
[338.6451110839844]
[1.014798879623413]
[0.0891050323843956]
[0.1829308271408081]
[0.08005403727293015]
[0.07896263152360916]
[0.08420322090387344]
[0.24222266674041748]
[3.1691460609436035]
[28.453441619873047]
[0.2274952530860901]
[0.09773169457912445]
[0.20632366836071014]
[4.747260570526123]
[0.0754522979259491]
[13.417686462402344]
[0.27094191312789917]
[6.216503143310547]
[4.560906887054443]
[51.940650939941406]
[5.413986682891846]
[0.20147423446178436]
[0.15199469029903412]
[31.98324966430664]
[0.12665632367134094]
[0.16613036394119263]
[9.738980293273926]
[20.241561889648438]
[1.619925856590271]
[0.08547572791576385]
[1.2105002403259277]
[0.13597607612609863]
[0.32007038593292236]
[16.29901885986328]
[1.7320080995559692]
[1.0888009071350098]
[0.40438395738601685]
[0.20646892488002777]
[1402.88134765625]
[0.12241394817829132]
[0.7284958362579346]
[2.038048505783081]
[0.11320246756076813]
[4.66230583190918]
[0.14669620990753174]
[7.394633769989014]
[0.22659510374069214]
[8.092202186584473]
[0.19390374422073364]
[0.3071020841598511]
[7.19046688079834]
[22.252580642700195]
[97.1098861694336]
[9.361242294311523]
[295.2845764160156]
[0.18935102224349976]
[4.397887229919434]
[60.9331169128418]
[0.22018665075302124]
[580.952392578125]
[0.16164124011993408]
[9.389768600463867]
[0.1679536998271942]
[0.16538594663143158]
[1642.6856689453125]
[3.685232162475586]
[0.2939470112323761]
[0.21234434843063354]
[5.383161544799805]
[7.408567905426025]
[2.517122268676758]
[2.6775131225585938]
[45.947784423828125]
[6.124728202819824]
[0.7032672166824341]
[96.51016235351562]
[5.680801868438721]
[0.5975638031959534]
[0.536491870880127]
[32.36940002441406]
[0.6977372765541077]
[1.3270982503890991]
[0.6198413968086243]
[0.4457952082157135]
[99.05294799804688]
[0.5384154319763184]
[4.515768527984619]
[0.8148834705352783]
[0.7289984822273254]
[14.630245208740234]
[0.6526734232902527]
[1.2630714178085327]
[0.7491349577903748]
[0.1825895458459854]
[18.781539916992188]
[1.3673341274261475]
[0.15489071607589722]
[9.212486267089844]
[4.440446376800537]
[69.60893249511719]
[13.894766807556152]
[0.20117522776126862]
[10.524222373962402]
[0.2890547513961792]
[1740.241455078125]
[108.48388671875]
[33.772666931152344]
[0.6181648969650269]
[6.627199649810791]
[6.548595428466797]
[2.6037702560424805]
[8.915816307067871]
[0.7094547748565674]
[0.7551755309104919]
[2.9498260021209717]
[0.7138826847076416]
[3.5679070949554443]
[0.571026086807251]
[9.325702667236328]
[1.1575409173965454]
[8.184226989746094]
[0.834217369556427]
[0.6783287525177002]
[0.7682899236679077]
[0.3540307283401489]
[91.01338195800781]
[0.5495262742042542]
[8.569003105163574]
[37.435394287109375]
[41.5124626159668]
[0.7868356108665466]
[0.5137417316436768]
[0.8841700553894043]
[0.7049123644828796]
[15.768545150756836]
[15.217891693115234]
[0.4252582788467407]
[7.958452224731445]
[0.2872160077095032]
[10.706059455871582]
[3.2387070655822754]
[125.14612579345703]
[23.077543258666992]
[0.27827855944633484]
[67.97823333740234]
[68.48546600341797]
[33.952880859375]
[43.813453674316406]
[65.27142333984375]
[0.16946081817150116]
[0.29331374168395996]
[0.12085617333650589]
[7.87809944152832]
[0.19639723002910614]
[13.428441047668457]
[0.46598780155181885]
[1.9121016263961792]
[26.390424728393555]
[0.08781842887401581]
[0.11143466085195541]
[244.16372680664062]
[60.396446228027344]
[0.441170871257782]
[10.260326385498047]
[7.335782527923584]
[2.4940011501312256]
[0.0407843217253685]
[452.135009765625]
[23.151906967163086]
[0.10755147784948349]
[0.28016746044158936]
[0.42108383774757385]
[0.4316650331020355]
[8.37689208984375]
[8.217935562133789]
[0.41135749220848083]
[2.492199182510376]
[0.5275884866714478]
[3.6667895317077637]
[0.5001535415649414]
[0.5941787958145142]
[6.183900356292725]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.756862998008728]
[11.59710693359375]
[0.3223533630371094]
[0.7113470435142517]
[0.258461058139801]
[0.15475618839263916]
[1.3111660480499268]
[0.3118957579135895]
[4.401854038238525]
[3.445380449295044]
[0.2386874258518219]
[29.98773956298828]
[0.5852087140083313]
[7.893165111541748]
[0.4880606532096863]
[0.40645572543144226]
[0.9114622473716736]
[0.14960506558418274]
[91.6921157836914]
[9.162096977233887]
[0.18527935445308685]
[1.3282700777053833]
[7.213432788848877]
[2.6270558834075928]
[28.85425567626953]
[0.3559877872467041]
[2.9460630416870117]
[0.10136634856462479]
[6.480664253234863]
[1.405044436454773]
[1.734876275062561]
[0.2721811532974243]
[0.2710307836532593]
[0.3529011905193329]
[87.73617553710938]
[2.134711980819702]
[2.541506290435791]
[0.2841794490814209]
[2.0528035163879395]
[2.1474313735961914]
[0.37384942173957825]
[3.058314561843872]
[0.06882147490978241]
[6.133824348449707]
[11.595296859741211]
[2.2815282344818115]
[0.1441260278224945]
[13.177711486816406]
[0.23912906646728516]
[0.2458091527223587]
[10.472545623779297]
[0.18594413995742798]
[3.1659069061279297]
[0.11997529119253159]
[0.06977056711912155]
[0.06332286447286606]
[0.2311883419752121]
[0.1809697300195694]
[2.5760157108306885]
[25.536514282226562]
[0.11304282397031784]
[2.305387020111084]
[2.8823816776275635]
[78.69526672363281]
[0.1534309834241867]
[0.119333915412426]
[0.11956602334976196]
[0.1794918179512024]
[0.09643395245075226]
[14.137717247009277]
[3.945133924484253]
[8.346179962158203]
[83.07937622070312]
[0.20362772047519684]
[0.1858399361371994]
[12.90323257446289]
[0.10921290516853333]
[0.0809749886393547]
[1.1868687868118286]
[2.9198248386383057]
[2.939141035079956]
[0.37365323305130005]
[2.4161477088928223]
[7.658447742462158]
[0.3529549837112427]
[0.1104423925280571]
[6.69753360748291]
[1.025474190711975]
[164.34783935546875]
[40.39230728149414]
[0.18617358803749084]
[0.220714271068573]
[3.1127657890319824]
[3.638702630996704]
[2.49480938911438]
[0.1339581459760666]
[3.7639098167419434]
[2.5312247276306152]
[0.13789041340351105]
[0.21628713607788086]
[0.10183718055486679]
[3420.0673828125]
[70.95125579833984]
[9.223260879516602]
[7.067646026611328]
[0.9784500002861023]
[6.660088539123535]
[797.4918823242188]
[3.2950994968414307]
[39.9422721862793]
[1555.4090576171875]
[179.54660034179688]
[1.465128779411316]
[1.7141425609588623]
[81.99651336669922]
[2.4230246543884277]
[1.8072046041488647]
[27.016695022583008]
[2.8795197010040283]
[3.6839759349823]
[4.933265209197998]
[36.459014892578125]
[1.6219995021820068]
[2.3662030696868896]
[52.020416259765625]
[3.7801969051361084]
[1.1848064661026]
[3.7349016666412354]
[0.6278032660484314]
[3.776787042617798]
[20.130155563354492]
[44.089508056640625]
[23.23674964904785]
[5.034991264343262]
[0.7253987193107605]
[39.90291213989258]
[3.630235195159912]
[127.64041900634766]
[188.22372436523438]
[47.611507415771484]
[6.349358558654785]
[10.480127334594727]
[4.6088175773620605]
[1.016746163368225]
[11.222492218017578]
[7.374995231628418]
[7.183168888092041]
[1.2846876382827759]
[23.7635555267334]
[20.4774169921875]
[102.43729400634766]
[9.262226104736328]
[4.090404033660889]
[175.3875732421875]
[1.1130765676498413]
[33.470542907714844]
[2.260507822036743]
[3.8054873943328857]
[0.39992523193359375]
[18.27035140991211]
[1.2307581901550293]
[3.45979380607605]
[0.6905286312103271]
[0.6865274906158447]
[0.9789658188819885]
[0.34793558716773987]
[1508.92041015625]
[59.613250732421875]
[0.5719912052154541]
[16.473793029785156]
[0.7686401605606079]
[1.117444634437561]
[14.027813911437988]
[10.722247123718262]
[6.370837211608887]
[0.6757571697235107]
[0.8799147605895996]
[0.6786717176437378]
[1.6270956993103027]
[0.6821498870849609]
[0.7881747484207153]
[10.752498626708984]
[13.500267028808594]
[0.8952975273132324]
[0.7862862944602966]
[0.4828350841999054]
[5.517035961151123]
[0.7018558979034424]
[0.46440547704696655]
[3.0861117839813232]
[3.7278919219970703]
[0.8712074160575867]
[0.4857255518436432]
[11.153499603271484]
[6.979115009307861]
[3.40236234664917]
[3.1164984703063965]
[2.415999174118042]
[0.6012805700302124]
[0.6316526532173157]
[0.5533603429794312]
[39.324790954589844]
[53.01651382446289]
[0.47269436717033386]
[0.4993989169597626]
[7.306085109710693]
[0.3691076636314392]
[6.687256336212158]
[2.022969961166382]
[0.6524832844734192]
[0.5663184523582458]
[0.5456012487411499]
[0.4843631088733673]
[0.6227427124977112]
[4.068989276885986]
[7.107692241668701]
[0.21874657273292542]
[13.355429649353027]
[1.7981688976287842]
[9.841190338134766]
[0.5947657227516174]
[0.7562704682350159]
[5.290592193603516]
[0.4076767861843109]
[84.31832885742188]
[0.4206124544143677]
[16.816158294677734]
[0.5037492513656616]
[43.364967346191406]
[4.372757434844971]
[107.9354019165039]
[2.768423080444336]
[6.0963945388793945]
[0.5412883758544922]
[0.5905620455741882]
[0.6148996949195862]
[0.530785322189331]
[0.34622833132743835]
[0.37672045826911926]
[1.7933255434036255]
[0.4048367738723755]
[0.402851939201355]
[198.90863037109375]
[0.4381793141365051]
[20.366668701171875]
[0.36722397804260254]
[111.2796859741211]
[4.3387131690979]
[0.41131648421287537]
[0.7916433215141296]
[3.4275810718536377]
[367.24346923828125]
[0.37030163407325745]
[8.250064849853516]
[21.191017150878906]
[0.5472255945205688]
[0.4054378569126129]
[0.5745259523391724]
[3.80204701423645]
[60.13666534423828]
[0.6438108086585999]
[0.5469143986701965]
[0.46724212169647217]
[0.2952762246131897]
[269.9644470214844]
[0.4441043734550476]
[0.3585074245929718]
[60.288631439208984]
[0.3396361172199249]
[1.3780577182769775]
[6.104029655456543]
[4.433033466339111]
[0.48306670784950256]
[0.3703077435493469]
[0.48164016008377075]
[4.954416275024414]
[540.745361328125]
[0.6070666909217834]
[1.5383654832839966]
[0.45741215348243713]
[0.8620811700820923]
[0.8059482574462891]
[0.506483793258667]
[0.4830116331577301]
[5.13278341293335]
[0.41212350130081177]
[0.5442874431610107]
[0.4542556405067444]
[49.19953155517578]
[2.5559616088867188]
[123.9027328491211]
[0.7485235333442688]
[7.953454494476318]
[0.1392885446548462]
[0.2949445843696594]
[0.7071937322616577]
[0.3824637234210968]
[1.7220337390899658]
[3.418527126312256]
[0.38736194372177124]
[0.43188244104385376]
[0.49757862091064453]
[7.130936145782471]
[6.0316362380981445]
[230.3434600830078]
[7.440401077270508]
[74.31922912597656]
[4.008218765258789]
[0.44457733631134033]
[4.035179138183594]
[0.3934572637081146]
[3.235391139984131]
[0.42711547017097473]
[2.7237865924835205]
[7.517461776733398]
[64.9190902709961]
[0.3774125576019287]
[6.886842250823975]
[35.067543029785156]
[7.015206336975098]
[0.29903146624565125]
[0.3503654897212982]
[0.4160670042037964]
[31.84137535095215]
conversion error
[1.5013924837112427]
[3.875123977661133]
[14.842845916748047]
[0.7473006248474121]
[3.7378242015838623]
[4.217648983001709]
[0.33736518025398254]
[3.7410693168640137]
[0.2517522871494293]
[0.28908267617225647]
[17.42976188659668]
[0.25810185074806213]
[4.230966567993164]
[14.131485939025879]
[38.33112716674805]
[0.3054448962211609]
[9.206957817077637]
[3.7722582817077637]
[0.3262874484062195]
[0.25827693939208984]
[0.24421505630016327]
[0.1980663686990738]
[2.9811344146728516]
[6.967629909515381]
[3.5022268295288086]
[0.5734221339225769]
[0.3039737045764923]
[0.32978931069374084]
[1.348881721496582]
[0.1455051451921463]
[0.2585870921611786]
[6.934263229370117]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.2874963283538818]
[4.475516319274902]
[4.200909614562988]
[1.7003669738769531]
[0.2355487048625946]
[2.6204230785369873]
[51.62969207763672]
[0.14304061233997345]
[2.4292101860046387]
[1531.612548828125]
[0.1838696449995041]
[3.25162935256958]
[0.28970786929130554]
[0.15756453573703766]
[16.783294677734375]
[0.2853473722934723]
[10.062463760375977]
[0.7450932264328003]
[0.2787955701351166]
[3.4519293308258057]
[1.9099173545837402]
[0.20905978977680206]
[0.3240433633327484]
[0.2534238398075104]
[6.865472793579102]
[0.368377149105072]
[0.28029435873031616]
[3.458559989929199]
[0.24092864990234375]
[0.6067659258842468]
[4.704857349395752]
[0.22527025640010834]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.40216395258903503]
[0.2035854160785675]
[0.2461470067501068]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.42453470826148987]
[0.31011274456977844]
[0.22966670989990234]
[0.17333871126174927]
[55.6761474609375]
[37.80625915527344]
[9.399713516235352]
[0.19957220554351807]
[6.355414390563965]
[0.2649472653865814]
[2.9845752716064453]
[4.373048782348633]
[4.4413676261901855]
[4.522197246551514]
[7.4388508796691895]
[0.25107482075691223]
[0.23614805936813354]
[0.13525401055812836]
[0.1526501178741455]
[0.13680985569953918]
[3.7150213718414307]
[0.09538336843252182]
[852.25244140625]
[7.482844352722168]
[0.1359417885541916]
[0.12559472024440765]
[0.08675830066204071]
[7.9130473136901855]
[0.21832798421382904]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.1407397836446762]
[0.25975000858306885]
[5.123266696929932]
[0.15454304218292236]
[3.095754623413086]
[0.22784914076328278]
[14.44195556640625]
[0.2183343768119812]
[33.71385192871094]
[85.05664825439453]
[96.65196228027344]
[1.9355456829071045]
[53.394309997558594]
[2.4990975856781006]
[7.757542133331299]
[26.91411590576172]
[0.28935983777046204]
[7.734257698059082]
[1.8520443439483643]
[30.780040740966797]
[0.3563010096549988]
[14.609187126159668]
[0.234355628490448]
[176.38685607910156]
[0.2788134813308716]
[0.36504143476486206]
[0.227908194065094]
[0.3935028314590454]
[0.6973642110824585]
[4.962526321411133]
[22.25246810913086]
[7.413750171661377]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.1312447786331177]
[8.357049942016602]
[0.14368590712547302]
[21.851806640625]
[0.3276631236076355]
[0.20633848011493683]
[8.018360137939453]
[1.3502393960952759]
[63.709537506103516]
[0.3296807110309601]
[1.035952091217041]
[3.7290472984313965]
[2.0117897987365723]
[94.56781005859375]
[0.282426655292511]
[0.20268070697784424]
[9.218374252319336]
[0.23582439124584198]
[1.045756220817566]
[8.07443618774414]
[0.1654498279094696]
[0.11702665686607361]
[0.650195300579071]
[5.341193675994873]
[0.2208166867494583]
[0.20772980153560638]
[14.590331077575684]
[3.695607900619507]
[0.10484812408685684]
[0.1659363955259323]
[1.2680408954620361]
[0.1449422985315323]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[78.1632308959961]
[0.9041609168052673]
[0.13814496994018555]
[0.14012306928634644]
[61.87471008300781]
[0.07551928609609604]
[5.222548007965088]
[0.18105168640613556]
[0.1479990929365158]
[20.66671371459961]
[0.21538038551807404]
[3.194687604904175]
[1.795994520187378]
[4.283780574798584]
[1.7557318210601807]
[2.3401284217834473]
[21.44269561767578]
[4.214654922485352]
[2.1280770301818848]
[0.08099000155925751]
[4.096828937530518]
[0.08697867393493652]
[0.16021864116191864]
[0.21098312735557556]
[0.6516764163970947]
[0.10193025320768356]
[2.395491600036621]
[70.34493255615234]
[0.1119176372885704]
[15.982876777648926]
[3.532829999923706]
[0.1886313110589981]
conversion error
conversion error
[7.802285671234131]
[2.787149429321289]
[67.83861541748047]
[0.0901472195982933]
[0.7115167379379272]
[63.05543899536133]
[19.59663963317871]
[3.5978379249572754]
[3.467297077178955]
[0.14374178647994995]
[3.1614022254943848]
[26.391572952270508]
[0.20741873979568481]
[3.4476821422576904]
[460.19183349609375]
[3.387211799621582]
[4.144550323486328]
[4.9442949295043945]
[1038.8634033203125]
[4.353701114654541]
[0.8350167274475098]
[6.5582780838012695]
[14.480062484741211]
[30.550762176513672]
[0.30200013518333435]
[0.3090956211090088]
[0.27846792340278625]
[6.808523178100586]
[0.1571025401353836]
[0.2784796357154846]
[1.9354876279830933]
[2.3984487056732178]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.5739445090293884]
[0.38743865489959717]
[8.796850204467773]
[5.031035423278809]
[0.24977260828018188]
[145.6348876953125]
[70.87732696533203]
[0.3587350845336914]
[3.448230028152466]
[0.15229052305221558]
[0.10410134494304657]
[0.3448619544506073]
[0.0843062624335289]
[7.393674373626709]
[0.3287732005119324]
[0.2576022148132324]
[14.089399337768555]
[0.2786552309989929]
[51.37091827392578]
[0.16246823966503143]
[0.2523069381713867]
[3.8983075618743896]
[1.7589809894561768]
[0.23523737490177155]
[1.7374470233917236]
[3.6038498878479004]
[116.61355590820312]
[26.02188491821289]
[0.2967141270637512]
[0.1961800456047058]
[2.4440865516662598]
[2.1383278369903564]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[6.014032363891602]
[12.552102088928223]
[0.16745460033416748]
[12.325984001159668]
[166.45262145996094]
[0.07548936456441879]
[0.10857618600130081]
[0.4422059953212738]
[0.1768864095211029]
[0.21112221479415894]
[0.21053023636341095]
[4.278652191162109]
[28.337175369262695]
[1.0712802410125732]
[0.12217432260513306]
[22.562509536743164]
[0.1707645207643509]
[0.21338015794754028]
[13.177282333374023]
[105.24836730957031]
[0.22334665060043335]
[71.65686798095703]
[6.531994819641113]
[0.5435749292373657]
[0.20097500085830688]
[1.3484179973602295]
[0.14263419806957245]
[1.1991336345672607]
[0.13498714566230774]
[4.150933265686035]
[0.2326347529888153]
[14.337957382202148]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[65.94074249267578]
[12.9890718460083]
[0.1285591572523117]
[6.526912689208984]
[6.832744121551514]
[0.41968438029289246]
[0.4368647336959839]
[5.105106830596924]
[6.328333854675293]
[0.8073346018791199]
[0.19670063257217407]
[3.1569759845733643]
[2.7631499767303467]
[2.839988946914673]
[1.8021304607391357]
[4.942922115325928]
[0.25304660201072693]
[565.2693481445312]
[0.2890833914279938]
[0.1848243921995163]
[0.11882496625185013]
[0.22672531008720398]
[1.177475094795227]
[58.130794525146484]
[4.266992092132568]
[4.138487339019775]
[0.13209041953086853]
[23.687725067138672]
[146.60520935058594]
[0.19900932908058167]
[0.23028013110160828]
[70.25216674804688]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.21411359310150146]
[3.007554531097412]
[2.3809659481048584]
[0.19627580046653748]
[5.783554553985596]
[1.1141600608825684]
[0.22646993398666382]
[34.79042053222656]
[0.2224104106426239]
[74.86954498291016]
[27.45821762084961]
[0.2100449502468109]
[1.5639941692352295]
[0.21927909553050995]
[4.052645683288574]
[0.1424950212240219]
[0.29203125834465027]
[59.957820892333984]
[6.323422908782959]
[0.31025582551956177]
[0.13723261654376984]
[0.11927566677331924]
[2.498424530029297]
[12.002803802490234]
[2.9217724800109863]
[2.5899813175201416]
[0.5450899004936218]
[3.5220062732696533]
[2.5917587280273438]
[0.1431160569190979]
[93.34646606445312]
[0.24971194565296173]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[3.5340378284454346]
[1.4749467372894287]
[0.11811982095241547]
[3.9475350379943848]
[9.851998329162598]
[0.12024573981761932]
[66.24431610107422]
[0.11419274657964706]
[0.24269554018974304]
[0.1470862478017807]
[2.954470157623291]
[1850.1455078125]
[0.22041867673397064]
[2.9132180213928223]
[6.175711154937744]
[0.2695891261100769]
[177.92221069335938]
[0.1523108035326004]
[4.594467639923096]
[4.297307014465332]
[0.547615647315979]
[3.175774574279785]
[0.45251691341400146]
[4.266979217529297]
[0.39405155181884766]
[0.38283592462539673]
[1.0155280828475952]
[187.0501708984375]
[0.5709013342857361]
[2.505117416381836]
[7.407229423522949]
[50.74872970581055]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[9.064713478088379]
[0.5118536949157715]
[0.6974462270736694]
[3.860379219055176]
[9.034195899963379]
[44.28358840942383]
[104.97189331054688]
[151.2184600830078]
[19.677780151367188]
[1.764714002609253]
[68.79918670654297]
[0.2891665995121002]
[10.764852523803711]
[0.6985918283462524]
[5.494348526000977]
[6.8901848793029785]
[8.337102890014648]
[3.5842034816741943]
[0.2084248661994934]
[8.151283264160156]
[0.43066006898880005]
[2.9388132095336914]
[16.73564338684082]
[0.25172188878059387]
[0.1385764181613922]
[0.23056472837924957]
[2.3555445671081543]
[83.3971939086914]
[2.244917392730713]
[0.26649028062820435]
[0.23694446682929993]
[0.226703941822052]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.16610263288021088]
[6.300084114074707]
[3.5944759845733643]
[5.7618818283081055]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.34845486283302307]
[0.6624351739883423]
[0.11253243684768677]
[0.13177569210529327]
[4.120665073394775]
[6.3163275718688965]
[7.720064163208008]
[0.19317619502544403]
[0.6065173149108887]
[34.33176040649414]
[0.1284167319536209]
[2.9918038845062256]
[4.429628849029541]
[0.24431662261486053]
[0.20080097019672394]
[0.11214640736579895]
[1.2231587171554565]
[0.287533164024353]
[11.192448616027832]
[0.1126776710152626]
[0.12498964369297028]
[8.166823387145996]
[131.87411499023438]
[0.2000187337398529]
[0.1093202531337738]
[0.5453264713287354]
[0.2015189677476883]
[16.995159149169922]
conversion error
conversion error
[2.4885365962982178]
[61.903812408447266]
[1.2517216205596924]
[0.580978512763977]
[0.9703218340873718]
[1.0078853368759155]
[0.10205694288015366]
[39.923667907714844]
[4.725366592407227]
[4.017115592956543]
[23.322717666625977]
[0.10321170836687088]
[0.6881396770477295]
[7.5835862159729]
[0.08008284866809845]
[0.15007883310317993]
[54.4188346862793]
[164.82806396484375]
[1.1672332286834717]
[16.283151626586914]
[0.07753025740385056]
[177.06785583496094]
[0.14851930737495422]
[0.10670546442270279]
[0.8117998242378235]
[3.245598077774048]
[2.5991082191467285]
[157.53294372558594]
[0.09976577013731003]
[1.965142846107483]
[49.8956184387207]
[0.1875171661376953]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.07427384704351425]
[147.82351684570312]
[2.5511646270751953]
[0.20808254182338715]
[2.926229238510132]
[0.22514376044273376]
[6.624249458312988]
[0.26523759961128235]
[0.5378527641296387]
[2.9443345069885254]
[3.322537899017334]
[0.22618776559829712]
[5.657111644744873]
[19.288082122802734]
[5.805722713470459]
[0.36534354090690613]
[0.30638277530670166]
[2.6628806591033936]
[97.73298645019531]
[0.22913947701454163]
[1.8897392749786377]
[1.8015941381454468]
[0.32258278131484985]
[67.53565979003906]
[4.9031171798706055]
[2.0918025970458984]
[50.245460510253906]
[325.488037109375]
[5.591314315795898]
[17.252988815307617]
[48.71562576293945]
[0.8490869402885437]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.19761081039905548]
[3.007899522781372]
[0.3337891697883606]
[39.24366760253906]
[2.0436997413635254]
[0.030726749449968338]
[0.22546502947807312]
[2.996156930923462]
[2.291367530822754]
[14.593097686767578]
[0.1708756685256958]
[0.10267645865678787]
[0.20798344910144806]
[10.580239295959473]
[0.8112275004386902]
[2.671069622039795]
[0.8586521744728088]
[3.2924699783325195]
[892.5853271484375]
[0.18560050427913666]
[1.2554057836532593]
[0.8650970458984375]
[0.22676244378089905]
[31.057147979736328]
[2.0732853412628174]
[2.8716866970062256]
[1.3773224353790283]
[5.0868964195251465]
[0.17968815565109253]
[0.3160719573497772]
[6.46444845199585]
[1.8360172510147095]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.134586215019226]
[123.69599914550781]
[7.076299667358398]
[0.3754114806652069]
[0.22245074808597565]
[5.614727020263672]
[1.76242995262146]
[0.23872067034244537]
[6.710914134979248]
[7.317549228668213]
[0.15628021955490112]
[8.206043243408203]
[1.2375192642211914]
[6.313115119934082]
[0.2927408218383789]
[0.1823752522468567]
[4.596248626708984]
[0.23266559839248657]
[0.2818586230278015]
[1.550053596496582]
[4.2866435050964355]
[0.1384289264678955]
[1.2460014820098877]
[4.687946319580078]
[64.52244567871094]
[27.82217025756836]
[56.56138229370117]
[11.898643493652344]
[183.2803955078125]
[3.2135426998138428]
[2.190497875213623]
[24.792924880981445]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.2578688859939575]
[0.8524202704429626]
[13.120231628417969]
[0.2588651180267334]
[0.23047715425491333]
[0.13011480867862701]
[2.4929604530334473]
[332.40679931640625]
[3.8573062419891357]
[0.2813647389411926]
[1514.5152587890625]
[2.8685550689697266]
[0.14890283346176147]
[0.25503596663475037]
[4.755366325378418]
[34.37937927246094]
[3.529715061187744]
[5.3768134117126465]
[2473.650390625]
[7.830681324005127]
[6.037586212158203]
[7.8218865394592285]
[3.264888048171997]
[0.37896814942359924]
[1.5111509561538696]
[0.44812488555908203]
[0.14636239409446716]
[0.18592683970928192]
[1.7264268398284912]
[33.199100494384766]
[6.920598983764648]
[3.818657636642456]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.4187867343425751]
[0.5990501642227173]
[25.95083999633789]
[1.4499396085739136]
[44.99506378173828]
[0.532764196395874]
[0.46692681312561035]
[0.5087007284164429]
[7.457565784454346]
[0.2051083892583847]
[1.1148494482040405]
[5.124347686767578]
[0.4283941984176636]
[3.8792285919189453]
[0.6888068318367004]
[7.519747734069824]
[0.5980437994003296]
[2.514744758605957]
[11.749438285827637]
[7.260180473327637]
[3.839259624481201]
[0.5029085278511047]
[0.3707430958747864]
[2.0816714763641357]
[95.30789947509766]
[3.428297519683838]
[6.065387725830078]
[0.31323301792144775]
[0.2813979983329773]
[7.414731502532959]
[0.2610193192958832]
[5.3466949462890625]
conversion error
conversion error
[8.755949974060059]
[0.1567404419183731]
[53.353641510009766]
[7.124398708343506]
[0.14999596774578094]
[0.2232854962348938]
[0.2135804146528244]
[10.37547492980957]
[0.11866359412670135]
[17.920570373535156]
[0.09783189743757248]
[6.176131725311279]
[3.8450303077697754]
[0.21789051592350006]
[0.16865196824073792]
[68.58953857421875]
[3.31982421875]
[0.11903984844684601]
[2.6613194942474365]
[2.9173636436462402]
[0.15215516090393066]
[0.17413000762462616]
[0.13425375521183014]
[0.11478469520807266]
[0.1500256210565567]
[0.2960731089115143]
[0.1987754851579666]
[4475.64404296875]
[40.967430114746094]
[13.724732398986816]
[1.8736170530319214]
[98.6140365600586]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.1684331893920898]
[475.40277099609375]
[0.9794862866401672]
[1.0475890636444092]
[1.2874559164047241]
[0.6228007674217224]
[1.0406737327575684]
[1.808091402053833]
[15.613090515136719]
[26.907445907592773]
[22.57388687133789]
[2.9780330657958984]
[2.473825216293335]
[35.400733947753906]
[1.230088710784912]
[415.7362365722656]
[36.532108306884766]
[1.4819163084030151]
[1.0362942218780518]
[2.463236093521118]
[2.6292197704315186]
[90.61732482910156]
[6.471679210662842]
[2.394906759262085]
[5.169215202331543]
[84.96487426757812]
[12.210031509399414]
[1.353304386138916]
[6.985576152801514]
[15.421660423278809]
[26.371349334716797]
[25.175642013549805]
conversion error
conversion error
[28.1104679107666]
[1.7269947528839111]
[37.603755950927734]
[0.9167448282241821]
[0.17826394736766815]
[3.5828006267547607]
[76.39120483398438]
[2.533156633377075]
[7.368431568145752]
[53.657203674316406]
[17.9173641204834]
[10.014117240905762]
[0.5428070425987244]
[35.168846130371094]
[8.125301361083984]
[9.326726913452148]
[0.8427987694740295]
[37.27437973022461]
[4.548679828643799]
[14.384028434753418]
[12.531760215759277]
[0.1810241937637329]
[5.346156597137451]
[17.647045135498047]
[8.753140449523926]
[0.8031290173530579]
[8.128161430358887]
[0.21295347809791565]
[31.466405868530273]
[333.60235595703125]
[13.6944580078125]
[0.4906255006790161]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.9780666828155518]
[0.5190656781196594]
[0.4797092080116272]
[30.656354904174805]
[15.72712516784668]
[6.162224292755127]
[2.2808339595794678]
[5.600937366485596]
[3.3908257484436035]
[12.182823181152344]
[0.2072732150554657]
[0.24894987046718597]
[4.151747703552246]
[1.1801345348358154]
[83.02632904052734]
[0.7076946496963501]
[0.6139660477638245]
[0.3666192591190338]
[0.3778172433376312]
[0.1950884759426117]
[6.758481502532959]
[0.1879163235425949]
[7.213012218475342]
[37.04243087768555]
[109.01118469238281]
[0.6654146313667297]
[7.69546365737915]
[0.1881098747253418]
[0.40728169679641724]
[3.614572763442993]
[1.1986082792282104]
[3.1819422245025635]
conversion error
conversion error
[7.116056442260742]
[11.301789283752441]
[522.3265380859375]
[2.107139825820923]
[0.2124139368534088]
[2.088975429534912]
[0.7227141857147217]
[7.4136457443237305]
[265.7256164550781]
[1646.8692626953125]
[36.90489959716797]
[0.6894705295562744]
[0.5980905294418335]
[8.169445991516113]
[0.7061063647270203]
[1.380001425743103]
[3.860046625137329]
[0.8675907850265503]
[3.147451162338257]
[1.8142091035842896]
[0.7070340514183044]
[36.158050537109375]
[1.640940546989441]
[34.308311462402344]
[4.066346168518066]
[7.340074062347412]
[0.8447533249855042]
[4.733503341674805]
[0.7321512699127197]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.4404934346675873]
[0.7361724376678467]
[88.35425567626953]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[38.29673767089844]
[0.6824788451194763]
[19.635963439941406]
[0.3815784454345703]
[7.893430233001709]
[0.6488263010978699]
[11.456869125366211]
[6.77189826965332]
[8.912093162536621]
[6.20028829574585]
[2768.018798828125]
[0.3119650185108185]
[0.7302398681640625]
[0.6372184157371521]
[0.6000060439109802]
[0.8543794751167297]
[14.715888977050781]
[126.8370132446289]
[1.1104967594146729]
[13.939565658569336]
[40.814945220947266]
[10.300140380859375]
[12.615887641906738]
[302.2093505859375]
[8.072265625]
[1.4972306489944458]
[2.218553066253662]
[1.4827520847320557]
[0.7014808654785156]
[28.89028549194336]
[1.2842979431152344]
[1.690107822418213]
[1.2239094972610474]
[100.07307434082031]
[46.00287628173828]
[1.378286600112915]
[0.7024071216583252]
[1.0182111263275146]
[7.513594150543213]
[13.773124694824219]
[13.0699462890625]
[0.9468928575515747]
[0.803830087184906]
[0.5675330758094788]
[20.211345672607422]
[1.311099886894226]
[4.8787922859191895]
[1.5957647562026978]
[1.0708918571472168]
[0.6317564249038696]
[13.751705169677734]
[13.270895957946777]
[14.953790664672852]
[0.24836567044258118]
[12.489869117736816]
[0.7034600973129272]
[0.3662237226963043]
[7.116738319396973]
[2.4143168926239014]
[13.197021484375]
[0.647932767868042]
[36.106353759765625]
[0.37596595287323]
[0.8350990414619446]
[0.5120044946670532]
[0.4877060651779175]
[10.960558891296387]
[0.7283151745796204]
[11.58715534210205]
[12.815018653869629]
[10.857648849487305]
[14.092506408691406]
[0.3130754232406616]
[208.12652587890625]
[57.507720947265625]
[0.5672765374183655]
[0.10424655675888062]
[56.35441970825195]
[0.33338701725006104]
[0.1190783903002739]
[0.21990053355693817]
[9.454873085021973]
[0.28298524022102356]
[2.4611477851867676]
[0.3200559914112091]
[24.59146499633789]
[7.382026195526123]
[0.37137076258659363]
[0.32529693841934204]
[0.8362106084823608]
[30.133094787597656]
[0.22364816069602966]
[22.834339141845703]
[0.13042324781417847]
[8.041457176208496]
[0.2396099865436554]
[0.4582805633544922]
[70.19256591796875]
[0.30591192841529846]
[6.375667572021484]
[36.83833312988281]
[16.637832641601562]
[54.3476676940918]
[0.3017739951610565]
[16.710798263549805]
[1.0994247198104858]
[1.1923227310180664]
[8.12683391571045]
[0.9143714308738708]
[6.828036308288574]
[9.20287799835205]
[5.1100993156433105]
[0.2872018814086914]
[15.510533332824707]
[4.94155740737915]
[175.9857635498047]
[3.1461453437805176]
[0.17046424746513367]
[64.5863265991211]
[8.126838684082031]
[3.558054208755493]
[0.09764418005943298]
[153.19020080566406]
[5.840024948120117]
[28.193531036376953]
[0.17879225313663483]
[1.0665271282196045]
[6.860818862915039]
[7.629482269287109]
[0.14494751393795013]
[0.048318423330783844]
[1.7959054708480835]
[1.942795991897583]
[0.4333648681640625]
[56.059513092041016]
[1.4785345792770386]
[38.677978515625]
[2.212113380432129]
[109.79470825195312]
[38.411190032958984]
[0.14897260069847107]
[102.0506820678711]
[13.621315002441406]
[113.58609008789062]
[21.730884552001953]
[0.22684580087661743]
[98.22484588623047]
[0.3528190553188324]
[63.6563720703125]
[0.061704378575086594]
[3.8001272678375244]
[0.1609867811203003]
[25.808774948120117]
[2.1705942153930664]
[7.105294704437256]
[40.516143798828125]
[3.5045766830444336]
[16.886571884155273]
[21.237743377685547]
[0.17763042449951172]
[1.0413639545440674]
[4.620361328125]
[5.00812292098999]
[0.23610420525074005]
[0.1723148673772812]
[10.102736473083496]
[2.0317723751068115]
[0.1690175086259842]
[0.27036601305007935]
[0.208089679479599]
[0.21773888170719147]
[3.492889165878296]
[3.53759765625]
[0.08296909183263779]
[0.20905713737010956]
[0.18784993886947632]
[3.2173681259155273]
[0.08007985353469849]
[13.650452613830566]
[0.13344554603099823]
[0.18319366872310638]
[0.19302961230278015]
[0.18083669245243073]
[79.93468475341797]
[0.3583230972290039]
[0.19978630542755127]
[3.494083881378174]
[50.440528869628906]
[12.329257011413574]
[1.6890383958816528]
[1.1049190759658813]
[2.48848295211792]
[0.20605972409248352]
[13.090417861938477]
[0.7636709809303284]
[352.1692199707031]
[0.17829470336437225]
[0.16443485021591187]
[0.9527073502540588]
[0.23645062744617462]
[0.16703328490257263]
[39.805538177490234]
[0.25700893998146057]
[0.18426194787025452]
[4.3969831466674805]
[78.87471008300781]
[2.9733529090881348]
[4.974185943603516]
[4.133739948272705]
[0.11315467953681946]
[10.320381164550781]
[59.678955078125]
[7.5412678718566895]
[4.20600700378418]
[6.1035332679748535]
[2.9031982421875]
[0.1645885407924652]
[1.466424584388733]
[40.11860656738281]
[0.6049984097480774]
[1.6116355657577515]
[2.1265082359313965]
[0.14453691244125366]
[0.17333269119262695]
[3.687605857849121]
[0.434808611869812]
[56.18940353393555]
[0.10920550674200058]
[2.171734094619751]
[0.16788505017757416]
[1.2305985689163208]
[0.09063568711280823]
[6.6231913566589355]
[1.4824748039245605]
[2.089331865310669]
[0.08216387033462524]
[4.783076286315918]
[488.3324279785156]
[5.783187389373779]
[0.08827086538076401]
[1.8517348766326904]
[3.928804874420166]
[0.0656985193490982]
[1.3255894184112549]
[42.36362838745117]
[45.74142074584961]
[34.22257995605469]
[0.12242303043603897]
[0.3748244345188141]
[0.15093323588371277]
[33.466888427734375]
[8.697429656982422]
[19.054101943969727]
[0.15270639955997467]
[90.60797882080078]
[2.1067559719085693]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.24543461203575134]
[0.3896116614341736]
[0.9488409161567688]
[27.09362030029297]
[5.522819995880127]
[4.118399620056152]
[0.9160061478614807]
[0.163181871175766]
[0.05025488883256912]
[0.12080829590559006]
[0.24872206151485443]
[18.22388458251953]
[86.97709655761719]
[10.309433937072754]
[3.8130033016204834]
[0.15395478904247284]
[0.14431843161582947]
[0.056753385812044144]
[3.087679862976074]
[0.07625894248485565]
[0.056266140192747116]
[2.840575933456421]
[0.041514378041028976]
[112.89456176757812]
[9.995524406433105]
[40.12420654296875]
[2.6855525970458984]
[0.17316403985023499]
[2.580519437789917]
[13.677456855773926]
[0.24609553813934326]
[9.588903427124023]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[65.72956848144531]
[0.15125566720962524]
[0.11746957898139954]
[3.7495949268341064]
[0.041610851883888245]
[6.610978603363037]
[4.007664680480957]
[2.3484909534454346]
[16.8570613861084]
[1.0793853998184204]
[3.515557289123535]
[0.04851100966334343]
[3.2766802310943604]
[1.813966989517212]
[6.443643569946289]
[1.2587159872055054]
[0.9343429803848267]
[1.6853276491165161]
[0.04296373948454857]
[0.1789819598197937]
[0.05001899600028992]
[0.32831108570098877]
[0.09145559370517731]
[2.0248653888702393]
[0.6009194254875183]
[0.053342871367931366]
[0.10282966494560242]
[2.3243589401245117]
[3.542433977127075]
[0.07497740536928177]
[71.46614074707031]
[3.9209296703338623]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.04498409852385521]
[0.15887828171253204]
[0.12585146725177765]
[0.18720951676368713]
[1.5936256647109985]
[1.548580288887024]
[3.9460842609405518]
[1.3924002647399902]
[1.5846240520477295]
[1.9257285594940186]
[766.9461059570312]
[0.10380832850933075]
[0.10011990368366241]
[0.21643809974193573]
[0.11578075587749481]
[0.9904954433441162]
[0.48162761330604553]
[0.10797722637653351]
[5.537380218505859]
[7.780276298522949]
[0.4358249008655548]
[0.19964197278022766]
[0.12494375556707382]
[2.8633651733398438]
[6.433974742889404]
[0.13788995146751404]
[7.559164047241211]
[0.3271055221557617]
[6.649614334106445]
[2.264165163040161]
[23.063425064086914]
[0.13560126721858978]
conversion error
conversion error
[5.555671215057373]
[0.157454714179039]
[4.395514488220215]
[0.1511518359184265]
[0.14737682044506073]
[6.724122524261475]
[0.14466075599193573]
[32.748043060302734]
[4.355156898498535]
[3.5150015354156494]
[0.7775715589523315]
[0.18122296035289764]
[0.19083282351493835]
[0.17640680074691772]
[138.1593780517578]
[0.07793192565441132]
[15.903853416442871]
[1.65093195438385]
[145.94580078125]
[7.629366874694824]
[0.14053069055080414]
[95.5361099243164]
[0.08347812294960022]
[4.92892599105835]
[2.732614755630493]
[0.18493838608264923]
[0.16448292136192322]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.12721236050128937]
[1.491390347480774]
[11.29732894897461]
[0.1288471668958664]
[0.1308499574661255]
[0.12028288096189499]
[0.1383841186761856]
[0.052682384848594666]
[1.0906602144241333]
[5.1910881996154785]
[0.7566840648651123]
[0.1663139909505844]
[0.10360943526029587]
[580.1279296875]
[6.588958740234375]
[0.4941600561141968]
[0.12292484939098358]
[0.12782374024391174]
[4.002014636993408]
[0.21952545642852783]
[4.506026268005371]
[21.03939437866211]
[2.0348126888275146]
[89.3495101928711]
[7.282947540283203]
[1.7586472034454346]
[121.84252166748047]
[136.7852783203125]
[0.08634848892688751]
[0.1805448681116104]
[1.6770071983337402]
[0.13031721115112305]
[0.05334092304110527]
[329.0997619628906]
[0.15457451343536377]
[44.08452224731445]
[2.5295052528381348]
[15.809142112731934]
[0.04467064514756203]
[3.17657470703125]
[2.616427421569824]
[0.06239097937941551]
[1.8428199291229248]
[0.04978406801819801]
[27.121198654174805]
[166.70669555664062]
[698.277099609375]
[2.8538904190063477]
[2.3851053714752197]
[0.9640524387359619]
[3.0696420669555664]
[3.7837085723876953]
[0.24573804438114166]
[0.14141935110092163]
[7.157437801361084]
[5.89412784576416]
[1.4319664239883423]
[4.310300350189209]
[1783.6429443359375]
[1.8949105739593506]
[0.2015199065208435]
[0.16392987966537476]
[0.8271865844726562]
[0.353926420211792]
[0.40852805972099304]
[1.419897198677063]
[36.366580963134766]
[0.12201333791017532]
[13.804640769958496]
[4.692752361297607]
[2.3212878704071045]
[0.33506423234939575]
[0.8031667470932007]
[27.0095157623291]
[21.937358856201172]
[27.185712814331055]
[0.5382193922996521]
[83.05896759033203]
[8.900369644165039]
[37.48494338989258]
[1.5732766389846802]
[42.411590576171875]
[2.4623167514801025]
[0.19963720440864563]
[0.6533632874488831]
[8.3551025390625]
[0.6754633188247681]
[0.5129313468933105]
[52.522132873535156]
[7.44481086730957]
[1.2642358541488647]
[0.09080067276954651]
[1019.1255493164062]
[5.816915988922119]
[0.23587265610694885]
[24.16498374938965]
[2.2089107036590576]
[1.2259430885314941]
[0.13142558932304382]
[0.4336361289024353]
[4.564033508300781]
[1017.9595336914062]
[31.559907913208008]
[1.5478085279464722]
[0.5168637633323669]
[0.22295118868350983]
[5.800668716430664]
[2.6953823566436768]
[201.9600372314453]
[0.1440940946340561]
[42.261817932128906]
[5.974412441253662]
[2.1048951148986816]
[101.75859069824219]
[0.1277341991662979]
[4.095135688781738]
[0.17510804533958435]
[7.555428981781006]
[0.21121126413345337]
[5.901105880737305]
[4.237347602844238]
[0.2701514959335327]
[12.619518280029297]
[0.19812986254692078]
[4.453331470489502]
[58.04057693481445]
[0.5119445323944092]
[8.324520111083984]
[1.4499729871749878]
[792.0518798828125]
[0.17440469563007355]
[39.60051727294922]
[16.983234405517578]
[0.19498346745967865]
[83.3466567993164]
[0.38360559940338135]
[7.549295425415039]
[0.771200954914093]
[14.571271896362305]
[12.245800971984863]
[11.183341026306152]
[0.36143288016319275]
[0.5901124477386475]
[53.31755828857422]
[0.4349251091480255]
[1.1649783849716187]
[0.5101554989814758]
[98.1332778930664]
[0.2807146906852722]
[16.705263137817383]
[0.29310956597328186]
[2.566758632659912]
[11.25229263305664]
[0.2325623333454132]
[0.2228199541568756]
[0.6696521639823914]
[0.1234961599111557]
[0.29524150490760803]
[5.4303669929504395]
[6.962261199951172]
[0.21538756787776947]
[0.23060739040374756]
[2.1321518421173096]
[0.6638967394828796]
[9.490074157714844]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.19977781176567078]
[1.1148124933242798]
[7.521481513977051]
[33.016754150390625]
[0.2249184101819992]
[14.194414138793945]
[27.430326461791992]
[0.23149515688419342]
[0.11665758490562439]
[11.909587860107422]
[5.570535182952881]
[1.8510149717330933]
[0.8588294982910156]
[192.50421142578125]
[2.8730788230895996]
[25.606508255004883]
[2.8337652683258057]
[15.871472358703613]
[0.3593556582927704]
[0.3127545416355133]
[4.011417388916016]
[39.77927780151367]
[21.637250900268555]
[49.194297790527344]
[0.2664583921432495]
[1.8489331007003784]
[3.9178826808929443]
[0.5177833437919617]
[2.7497341632843018]
[0.6716409921646118]
[704.3526000976562]
[21.936260223388672]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[2.191079616546631]
[70.95124053955078]
[29.464784622192383]
[0.6969770193099976]
[0.8139388561248779]
[11.962005615234375]
[0.8037299513816833]
[0.05996576324105263]
[0.8174904584884644]
[1.6157221794128418]
[17.675844192504883]
[171.0841064453125]
[0.548363208770752]
[0.65699303150177]
[1.8979371786117554]
[9.008606910705566]
[0.5730481147766113]
[123.3141860961914]
[20.646360397338867]
[305.5246887207031]
[0.2058664858341217]
[3.5962517261505127]
[3.0809597969055176]
[4.898448944091797]
[22.448583602905273]
[5.417781829833984]
[1.7408316135406494]
[5.1364827156066895]
[1585.3616943359375]
[495.6505432128906]
[5.048686981201172]
[5.702979564666748]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.3711029887199402]
[193.72340393066406]
[0.15160410106182098]
[178.7752685546875]
[0.5049101114273071]
[0.2249658703804016]
[1.4394104480743408]
[3.219067335128784]
[2.0081803798675537]
[0.2034183293581009]
[7.380295276641846]
[3.7531607151031494]
[7.598276138305664]
[0.254679411649704]
[8.413485527038574]
[128.90325927734375]
[64.66712188720703]
[8.471582412719727]
[0.2661255896091461]
[154.79519653320312]
[15.430541038513184]
[4.476911544799805]
[0.13095475733280182]
[60.79900360107422]
[14.756699562072754]
[0.16254588961601257]
[1.4432073831558228]
[0.19989503920078278]
[0.15775734186172485]
[0.12072114646434784]
[0.191911518573761]
[49.938358306884766]
[96.10661315917969]
[2.9302072525024414]
[45.89095687866211]
[184.33372497558594]
[193.49755859375]
[0.6726313829421997]
[8.184489250183105]
[31.927091598510742]
[2.6654012203216553]
[116.98248291015625]
[0.18970848619937897]
[0.24138328433036804]
[2.6492109298706055]
[5.112039089202881]
[220.8607940673828]
[0.308592289686203]
[6.330295562744141]
[0.9730051159858704]
[7.055677890777588]
[0.2365548014640808]
[61.7434196472168]
[3.8371219635009766]
[1.2276991605758667]
[4.069511413574219]
[1941.6439208984375]
[2.753310441970825]
[76.19827270507812]
[1421.1207275390625]
[138.94186401367188]
[16.012786865234375]
[1.1144609451293945]
[68.22834777832031]
[0.3378825783729553]
[6.477736949920654]
[64.3584976196289]
[4.4975504875183105]
[9.960890769958496]
[3.577763319015503]
[4.863104343414307]
[10.271208763122559]
[1.143172025680542]
[0.6751708984375]
[1.5039608478546143]
[15.781633377075195]
[9.990838050842285]
[10.845741271972656]
[2.309513568878174]
[76.36739349365234]
[23.187328338623047]
[13.273052215576172]
[1.4129509925842285]
[16.44390296936035]
[1.1300270557403564]
[6.9862236976623535]
[6.285097122192383]
[19.14622688293457]
[14.268745422363281]
[1.3138542175292969]
[0.3907940685749054]
[0.9868509769439697]
[1.021085262298584]
[3.9146502017974854]
[11.591160774230957]
[3.0334079265594482]
[1.0951014757156372]
[31.543970108032227]
[8.331768035888672]
[0.45944663882255554]
[1.5161761045455933]
[0.34281039237976074]
[0.21504846215248108]
[7.6738457679748535]
[163.98602294921875]
[0.5874680280685425]
[0.17008264362812042]
[4.078543663024902]
[16.57909393310547]
[29.30352783203125]
[5.8480682373046875]
[3.5718393325805664]
[7.151383876800537]
[0.26792916655540466]
[141.26028442382812]
[1.2411352396011353]
[3.8145925998687744]
[0.7412875890731812]
[0.22278214991092682]
[3.4414381980895996]
[6.940597057342529]
[0.3302876651287079]
[3.9955549240112305]
[4.7859954833984375]
[0.1048692911863327]
[0.944037914276123]
[6.969189643859863]
[3.176398992538452]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[115.54314422607422]
[7.124317169189453]
[11.41348648071289]
[0.3832041025161743]
[0.3201189935207367]
[0.9148126244544983]
[33.89958953857422]
[3.3851239681243896]
[1.3387389183044434]
[0.08302861452102661]
[1.239861011505127]
[0.4836142063140869]
[80.24284362792969]
[1.7906018495559692]
[0.2870483994483948]
[24.357872009277344]
[11989.1337890625]
[2.0623526573181152]
[24.456655502319336]
[6.191677093505859]
[56.772525787353516]
[0.5490691661834717]
[11.892474174499512]
[6.288628578186035]
[5.023926734924316]
[2.553032159805298]
[320.0647888183594]
[10.451367378234863]
[143.68186950683594]
[4.311118125915527]
[40.8275260925293]
[105.3318099975586]
[21.1185359954834]
[142.0915069580078]
[35.163055419921875]
[3.0245702266693115]
[2.7143607139587402]
[110.68209075927734]
[216.1667022705078]
[7.587231636047363]
[2.5406196117401123]
[86.57634735107422]
[115.71240234375]
[62.372413635253906]
[8.898807525634766]
[49.770511627197266]
[6.954150199890137]
[36.5733757019043]
[189.18946838378906]
[4.996721267700195]
[343.9742126464844]
[4.821229934692383]
[8.805282592773438]
[178.19264221191406]
[34.254783630371094]
[7.957188606262207]
[25.078990936279297]
[39.95112609863281]
[0.6288172006607056]
[3.7399280071258545]
[3.155456781387329]
[3.7714450359344482]
[31.004924774169922]
[14.256943702697754]
[44.967384338378906]
[126.833251953125]
[25.485326766967773]
[328.7778625488281]
[178.9682159423828]
[350.3863525390625]
[33.218353271484375]
[4.991673469543457]
[1.010723352432251]
[4.556710720062256]
[152.52853393554688]
[2.0671863555908203]
[1.3961414098739624]
[15.195046424865723]
[94.55811309814453]
[560.5966186523438]
[107.79574584960938]
[3.4513964653015137]
[43.63738250732422]
[0.6899803876876831]
[2.355393171310425]
[4.381009101867676]
[1.7855920791625977]
[51.48295593261719]
[13.09068489074707]
[2.4087748527526855]
[13.093981742858887]
[5.884720325469971]
[5.39399528503418]
[27.289335250854492]
[51.733154296875]
[19.700883865356445]
[2.2287349700927734]
[214.2391357421875]
[6.953855991363525]
[1.0831339359283447]
[1.603837013244629]
[11.440299987792969]
[617.8357543945312]
[1.5149328708648682]
[0.846799373626709]
[25.875673294067383]
[19.358287811279297]
[1316.8414306640625]
[22.487070083618164]
[5.900386333465576]
[3.2617626190185547]
[162.6783447265625]
[29.736135482788086]
[4.369519233703613]
[1.8457770347595215]
[10.246917724609375]
[131.4027862548828]
[64.0110855102539]
[101.67333221435547]
[93.99671173095703]
[31.172975540161133]
[1.8959946632385254]
[2.634119987487793]
[2.295382499694824]
[6.6397600173950195]
[5.642367362976074]
[1.9592585563659668]
[25.96207046508789]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[20.854246139526367]
[10.627148628234863]
[9.045831680297852]
[1.8691222667694092]
[1.8013485670089722]
[140.7911834716797]
[754.9835815429688]
[59.002357482910156]
[4.482729911804199]
[4.560612201690674]
[100.25401306152344]
[47.706382751464844]
[1374.0263671875]
[3.712822914123535]
[25.188955307006836]
[7.985988616943359]
[54.733341217041016]
[442.80035400390625]
[2.122314214706421]
[7.170413970947266]
[2.7523839473724365]
[13.439667701721191]
[15.761260032653809]
[5.9607720375061035]
[45.697628021240234]
[2.654323101043701]
[1.519382357597351]
[4.9941205978393555]
[124.63980102539062]
[32.14374923706055]
[4.179658889770508]
[4.594979286193848]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[21.9644718170166]
[1.91912043094635]
[10.29052448272705]
[13.631505012512207]
[15.199028015136719]
[27.797561645507812]
[5.476098537445068]
[3.7440874576568604]
[0.16639496386051178]
[0.8125046491622925]
[1.1508173942565918]
[6.371021747589111]
[3.792360305786133]
[10.483846664428711]
[172.43930053710938]
[22.692869186401367]
[2.491464853286743]
[25.640459060668945]
[6.028460502624512]
[3.102871894836426]
[4.736537933349609]
[2.932359218597412]
[167.69601440429688]
[8.45677661895752]
[1.5835189819335938]
[4.802562236785889]
[3.409735918045044]
[61.725059509277344]
[7.728632926940918]
[9.024979591369629]
[1.098332166671753]
[23.09600067138672]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[37.07064437866211]
[6.037654876708984]
[7.450623035430908]
[196.6464385986328]
[10.275433540344238]
[0.9326126575469971]
[57.377052307128906]
[2.4621901512145996]
[1.0284643173217773]
[1.766062617301941]
[5.96075439453125]
[0.698096513748169]
[1.645482063293457]
[6.382363796234131]
[12.191877365112305]
[8.096226692199707]
[30.405248641967773]
[4.0159592628479]
[1.7145113945007324]
[2.169482946395874]
[11.398859977722168]
[0.6163052916526794]
[70.38632202148438]
[10.622227668762207]
[2.198334217071533]
[6.519556045532227]
[156.7069854736328]
[36.051326751708984]
[0.567406177520752]
[11.581873893737793]
[3.168950080871582]
[126.42047119140625]
[6.532766342163086]
[0.6712731122970581]
[2.782432794570923]
[0.9465860724449158]
[1.1645920276641846]
[127.7990493774414]
[22.923629760742188]
[1.151756763458252]
[0.4688575863838196]
[0.41281840205192566]
[155.33709716796875]
[19.97627067565918]
[8.115338325500488]
[34.884735107421875]
[38.73979187011719]
[2.2737324237823486]
[0.4006224572658539]
[26.279565811157227]
[1.133162260055542]
[48.056427001953125]
[18.562725067138672]
[25.264991760253906]
[13.01024055480957]
[53.36162567138672]
[12.439160346984863]
[0.37053772807121277]
[7.963841438293457]
[0.5469275116920471]
[3.329279899597168]
[1.2356666326522827]
[4.678979396820068]
[3.838306188583374]
[0.4488234221935272]
[1.3544234037399292]
[45.279449462890625]
[10.788609504699707]
[5.125929355621338]
[4732.86865234375]
[5.298148155212402]
[10.605796813964844]
[8.188512802124023]
[182.5800323486328]
[1.1261378526687622]
[0.8960663676261902]
[12.964677810668945]
[49.20685577392578]
[1.2137902975082397]
[0.6482272148132324]
[1.2217341661453247]
[12.035850524902344]
[1.0941616296768188]
[39.49693298339844]
[126.9843978881836]
[10.131638526916504]
[10.965950012207031]
[2.1299185752868652]
[1.3853759765625]
[7.254780292510986]
[57.19191360473633]
[99.28373718261719]
[19.677488327026367]
[1.157868504524231]
[23.866657257080078]
[86.65663146972656]
[2.1406850814819336]
[16.469724655151367]
[111.1346664428711]
[1.9240902662277222]
[13.09561538696289]
[6.785318374633789]
[0.7986919283866882]
[7.380558013916016]
[160.99874877929688]
[7.525693416595459]
[0.866645872592926]
[18.923694610595703]
[15.444509506225586]
[1362.94873046875]
[3.94039249420166]
[13.973956108093262]
[5.4295454025268555]
[0.5891055464744568]
[8.661547660827637]
[11.759319305419922]
[30.55846405029297]
[3.7557594776153564]
[67.68303680419922]
[47.123756408691406]
[10.201285362243652]
[0.8866935968399048]
[1.1385589838027954]
[1.8532037734985352]
[11.778975486755371]
[19.04456329345703]
[18.609336853027344]
[13.039067268371582]
[3.814739465713501]
[1.2703698873519897]
[5.696935653686523]
[184.43994140625]
[0.8929837942123413]
[12.083174705505371]
[0.7725101709365845]
[7.812370777130127]
[1.047741413116455]
[1.003792643547058]
[1.4832953214645386]
[10.10241413116455]
[5.760985851287842]
[4.848661422729492]
[0.829770028591156]
[5.995425224304199]
[98.40402221679688]
[0.8036961555480957]
[1886.4549560546875]
[6.952233791351318]
[0.7696931958198547]
[1.9064650535583496]
[0.7249178290367126]
[1.8981471061706543]
[0.5575339794158936]
[0.7694341540336609]
[0.15039843320846558]
[1.61784029006958]
[1.9833160638809204]
[91.01110076904297]
[14.587935447692871]
[2.628990411758423]
[32.04024124145508]
[22.708812713623047]
[16.840381622314453]
[22.866016387939453]
[3.19978404045105]
[7.5258893966674805]
[3.0433270931243896]
[0.5965290665626526]
[1.8519703149795532]
[1.3790775537490845]
[10.577393531799316]
[7.96401834487915]
[125.94556427001953]
[0.522668719291687]
[21.42969512939453]
[0.5015366077423096]
[1.5145114660263062]
[127.56493377685547]
[10.149840354919434]
[2.054713010787964]
[110.26183319091797]
[8.384273529052734]
[3.877793788909912]
[54.80180740356445]
[5.161854267120361]
[0.41732391715049744]
[13.439775466918945]
[773.6411743164062]
[2.063492774963379]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[9.141817092895508]
[6.785679340362549]
[15.749102592468262]
[0.38760125637054443]
[4.856899261474609]
[6.120061874389648]
[8.700824737548828]
[0.28511950373649597]
[12.325728416442871]
[2.036933183670044]
[5.663660049438477]
[0.4672572612762451]
[301.31298828125]
[5.668685436248779]
[1.1927772760391235]
[5.8646321296691895]
[5.802960395812988]
[0.6060183048248291]
[1.0843294858932495]
[3.5888724327087402]
[6.147347927093506]
[0.05467021092772484]
[2.3117451667785645]
[0.4281599819660187]
[170.45538330078125]
[0.4294719398021698]
[0.37846073508262634]
[4.932476043701172]
[0.32534024119377136]
[7.0689849853515625]
[0.6475160121917725]
[0.48811858892440796]
[0.4647960364818573]
[33.11924743652344]
[3.039243459701538]
[214.5114288330078]
[0.840299665927887]
[0.4199148118495941]
[3.890484571456909]
[0.4003922939300537]
[0.43164658546447754]
[1.3692443370819092]
[2.370879650115967]
[5.305219650268555]
[3.739628791809082]
[0.6338385939598083]
[8.635167121887207]
[0.47417107224464417]
[15.412203788757324]
[8.47449779510498]
[1.9970049858093262]
[3.68275785446167]
[7.377992153167725]
[0.3589027523994446]
[0.2286033183336258]
[64.37028503417969]
[0.33257755637168884]
[0.21179050207138062]
[0.21334294974803925]
[3.008286952972412]
[0.7942598462104797]
[17.8254337310791]
[17.695083618164062]
[50.35970687866211]
[44.88618469238281]
[2.9914562702178955]
[1.3514410257339478]
conversion error
conversion error
[5.214237213134766]
[5.329693794250488]
[0.9213033318519592]
[11.942787170410156]
[3.4605557918548584]
[0.8134114146232605]
[1.4271806478500366]
[2.5401060581207275]
[0.11520634591579437]
[0.1732434332370758]
[2.410045862197876]
[1.9353575706481934]
[3.533982276916504]
[0.23540550470352173]
[0.18145890533924103]
[2.6640188694000244]
[146.3690948486328]
[0.20577573776245117]
[1.2773507833480835]
[0.2660265862941742]
[0.7889794111251831]
[51.180171966552734]
[2.737898826599121]
[57.054439544677734]
[26.68616485595703]
[0.5230993032455444]
[2.5438175201416016]
[2.866901159286499]
[6.939730167388916]
[272.5409240722656]
[53.24232864379883]
[1.9027444124221802]
conversion error
conversion error
[5.199648380279541]
[0.20978814363479614]
[0.14320653676986694]
[1.9645659923553467]
[0.9348845481872559]
[29.397506713867188]
[2.1975247859954834]
[2.1889376640319824]
[3.7784507274627686]
[3.2309064865112305]
[13.918315887451172]
[289.9159240722656]
[34.238861083984375]
[127.4430923461914]
[6.970712184906006]
[3.0110092163085938]
[0.20350632071495056]
[0.2939649522304535]
[0.25433599948883057]
[2.588472366333008]
[0.27582603693008423]
[1.9654273986816406]
[4.960220813751221]
[4.299700736999512]
[2.3106110095977783]
[0.9466462135314941]
[2.7235803604125977]
[1.1346396207809448]
[0.16345401108264923]
[0.26249390840530396]
[0.4224848449230194]
[3.660144567489624]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[19.79452133178711]
[0.30094918608665466]
[5.190250396728516]
[86.1447525024414]
[0.9181603789329529]
[94.49010467529297]
[10.2269926071167]
[78.43966674804688]
[1.5707733631134033]
[71.36768341064453]
[0.5029473304748535]
[1.562997579574585]
[0.25225910544395447]
[6.668447494506836]
[3.7773964405059814]
[3.245896339416504]
[1.0258196592330933]
[0.9309529066085815]
[0.22546719014644623]
[0.20803287625312805]
[3.924794912338257]
[13.021814346313477]
[2.1022353172302246]
[0.215370312333107]
[2.0406291484832764]
[5.50920295715332]
[24.620351791381836]
[1.254835844039917]
[64.48487091064453]
[1.5261449813842773]
[61.2685661315918]
[830.0066528320312]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.8399191498756409]
[66.05200958251953]
[13.872601509094238]
[67.17591857910156]
[6.321871757507324]
[0.19974945485591888]
[0.21711485087871552]
[0.25908493995666504]
[3.368434429168701]
[113.33049774169922]
[0.13536949455738068]
[4.84321403503418]
[7.53486442565918]
[858.0340576171875]
[0.22934740781784058]
[0.4624181389808655]
[3.296740770339966]
[1.933456301689148]
[1.93064284324646]
[2.193143606185913]
[1.1741364002227783]
[26.1200008392334]
[0.5544245839118958]
[15.88740348815918]
[0.1884489506483078]
[0.36061739921569824]
[16.07508659362793]
[3.3148610591888428]
[3.0942952632904053]
[0.40128734707832336]
[2.0280356407165527]
[153.2087860107422]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[124.6253890991211]
[8.54450798034668]
[17.007478713989258]
[4.254490375518799]
[93.57965087890625]
[3.8458034992218018]
[5.477258205413818]
[8.311738014221191]
[104.51225280761719]
[0.06791412085294724]
[50.1974983215332]
[0.20367717742919922]
[5.363368034362793]
[45.367069244384766]
[0.2603309154510498]
[6.1781768798828125]
[93.10627746582031]
[0.2527962327003479]
[0.31585121154785156]
[0.1101360023021698]
[0.1075771152973175]
[6.900241851806641]
[5.662858486175537]
[6.351853847503662]
[128.16880798339844]
[8.825814247131348]
[5.1355414390563965]
[96.50914001464844]
[5.035053730010986]
[1.3423283100128174]
[5.065976142883301]
[7.277850151062012]
conversion error
conversion error
[4.31308650970459]
[889.4935913085938]
[46.82413101196289]
[105.83743286132812]
[3.5737617015838623]
[4.5163960456848145]
[0.9204068779945374]
[4.6905436515808105]
[4.544970512390137]
[2.384761333465576]
[132.72332763671875]
[7.048668384552002]
[1.3244510889053345]
[0.23885993659496307]
[1.080254077911377]
[14.802375793457031]
[0.9558566212654114]
[0.33076736330986023]
[22.650644302368164]
[0.3793763816356659]
[70.8030776977539]
[3.9068758487701416]
[7.3743791580200195]
[2.2177846431732178]
[20.149166107177734]
[53.96393585205078]
[0.3626920282840729]
[4.017005443572998]
[12.215867042541504]
[6.684749603271484]
[0.44644802808761597]
[1.3016648292541504]
[56.800559997558594]
[3.7874152660369873]
[7.342247486114502]
[3.754830837249756]
[6.537033557891846]
[3.7540228366851807]
[5.019401550292969]
[3.972668170928955]
[4.3720903396606445]
[4.53404426574707]
[2.853625535964966]
[1.864662528038025]
[2.2850289344787598]
[4.393307685852051]
[4.730528831481934]
[3.217136859893799]
[1.8464473485946655]
[2.0940303802490234]
[123.00279998779297]
[0.31909599900245667]
[11.367717742919922]
[0.21672305464744568]
[69.47917175292969]
[27.002416610717773]
[0.3138721287250519]
[3.3614537715911865]
[27.446378707885742]
[8.059578895568848]
[5.11538028717041]
[0.8022477030754089]
[18.5157527923584]
[0.13737867772579193]
[11.334521293640137]
[0.0940028503537178]
[2.2601318359375]
[2.699230909347534]
[0.6717790961265564]
[4.001755237579346]
[5.5472307205200195]
[0.177561953663826]
[0.21601459383964539]
[10.401244163513184]
[1.5188430547714233]
[11.148136138916016]
[3.9753293991088867]
[120.00469970703125]
[1.5415191650390625]
[0.507631778717041]
[66.19355773925781]
[41.0343017578125]
[3.694431781768799]
[0.18143515288829803]
[14.26583480834961]
[6.1688947677612305]
[7.102049350738525]
[0.05013858899474144]
[14.84391975402832]
[3.463444709777832]
[113.59440612792969]
[107.87481689453125]
[0.08770598471164703]
[49.97450637817383]
[0.08872558921575546]
[2.0325212478637695]
[1.2784605026245117]
[0.6685177087783813]
[2.3185999393463135]
[105.16557312011719]
[1.3211311101913452]
[0.22891448438167572]
[77.43004608154297]
[1.609315037727356]
[55.496883392333984]
[35.251346588134766]
[6.245868682861328]
[3.5694468021392822]
[66.38932800292969]
[18.935415267944336]
[2.5979831218719482]
[16.129724502563477]
[6.100747585296631]
[74.88162231445312]
[3.807493209838867]
[6.317691802978516]
[3.0656938552856445]
[7.330087184906006]
[0.05041090399026871]
[15.860179901123047]
[230.85568237304688]
[1.8954994678497314]
[2.9181718826293945]
[1.7155565023422241]
[0.07327258586883545]
[227.85562133789062]
[145.2980499267578]
[0.33724141120910645]
[2.5617189407348633]
[4.228363037109375]
[1.0895456075668335]
[41.02165603637695]
[2.3912620544433594]
[16.056625366210938]
[0.4899519085884094]
[10.04296588897705]
[2.1075475215911865]
[7.059553146362305]
[3.502673864364624]
[1.6217068433761597]
[23.551319122314453]
[0.23457254469394684]
[52.0219841003418]
[54.11274337768555]
[3.017261266708374]
[77.71446228027344]
[2.1903860569000244]
[2.507272243499756]
[55.82748031616211]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[2.5763888359069824]
[4.001145839691162]
[0.4335649013519287]
[2.33357834815979]
[5.012666702270508]
[3.783439874649048]
[0.1884901076555252]
[0.18449483811855316]
[43.143699645996094]
[0.2352237105369568]
[0.5043968558311462]
[50.10295104980469]
[0.2223876714706421]
[17.963167190551758]
[0.12475261837244034]
[2.428694009780884]
[13.842973709106445]
[2.3664493560791016]
[7.6752824783325195]
[0.43831291794776917]
[87.09677124023438]
[18.626422882080078]
[0.23022522032260895]
[0.29468920826911926]
[2.187626838684082]
[45.98060989379883]
[0.2349071353673935]
[2.8227078914642334]
[2.908468008041382]
[15.891439437866211]
[15.359235763549805]
[0.0721416249871254]
[0.06828605383634567]
[42.67232894897461]
[70.71163940429688]
[2.9834771156311035]
[3.9208686351776123]
[0.0563797652721405]
[1.0116603374481201]
[2.6522412300109863]
[6.142059803009033]
[0.10012620687484741]
[2.956946611404419]
[223.70948791503906]
[1.2095202207565308]
[3.187389850616455]
[0.12711475789546967]
[8.836134910583496]
[7.461996078491211]
[7.460691452026367]
[2.0457098484039307]
[2.261420965194702]
[6.409110069274902]
[0.9795281887054443]
[134.28778076171875]
[90.21281433105469]
[61.7314453125]
[0.08412729203701019]
[0.14073950052261353]
[0.22967582941055298]
[1.6899434328079224]
[1.127310872077942]
[0.43008872866630554]
[0.2675221562385559]
[6.906480312347412]
[66.24573516845703]
[1.8076107501983643]
[34.32752990722656]
[0.11355260759592056]
[3.6621932983398438]
[525.4248657226562]
[45.310916900634766]
[5.010647773742676]
[4.603492259979248]
[75.49490356445312]
conversion error
conversion error
[91.3211898803711]
[15.719510078430176]
[24.925342559814453]
[3.730067729949951]
[0.20505987107753754]
[12.707436561584473]
[3.115494728088379]
[7.869381904602051]
[60.635929107666016]
[0.8782365322113037]
[62.360774993896484]
[3.612078905105591]
[2.6399238109588623]
[109.73395538330078]
[0.21902437508106232]
[8.770459175109863]
[0.3570033013820648]
[2.565436601638794]
[0.23486609756946564]
[3.048232316970825]
[13.458709716796875]
[0.21874509751796722]
[882.77294921875]
[0.3235076069831848]
[1.5483413934707642]
[20.262245178222656]
[0.19020982086658478]
[2.576486587524414]
[655.5964965820312]
[16.526453018188477]
[0.2576526999473572]
[0.24835804104804993]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.1691027879714966]
[17.941509246826172]
[0.09480268508195877]
[7.490703582763672]
[131.48809814453125]
[0.16334308683872223]
[7.165048122406006]
[0.21712276339530945]
[11.601722717285156]
[7.979367733001709]
[0.10797950625419617]
[46.27156066894531]
[0.2458840310573578]
[0.18881696462631226]
[1.7992258071899414]
[260.094482421875]
[1464.6546630859375]
[3.4285953044891357]
[8.85438060760498]
[1.0679090023040771]
[0.28030651807785034]
[10.821939468383789]
[1.1693061590194702]
[2.233443260192871]
[6.836479663848877]
[1.9506934881210327]
[30.788776397705078]
[12.306380271911621]
[0.333058625459671]
[6.217723369598389]
[11.780686378479004]
[3.5306854248046875]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[6.7387003898620605]
[7.929774284362793]
[3.8401622772216797]
[23.509572982788086]
[3.6438589096069336]
[50.569297790527344]
[26.72858238220215]
[6.783719539642334]
[0.3719688355922699]
[6.429286479949951]
[6.8686347007751465]
[1.0771551132202148]
[0.33652469515800476]
[33.69243621826172]
[49.10811996459961]
[0.1220051646232605]
[117.48999786376953]
[6.801202297210693]
[0.43588006496429443]
[0.13359160721302032]
[0.059390489012002945]
[0.31255313754081726]
[2.799589157104492]
[4.14229679107666]
[4.100728988647461]
[17.690532684326172]
[4.120497226715088]
[6.7198991775512695]
[6.522726058959961]
[0.28644177317619324]
[25.234214782714844]
[4.008293628692627]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[147.09506225585938]
[2.5520029067993164]
[0.29677852988243103]
[4.426870346069336]
[6.341711044311523]
[48.160552978515625]
[2.4041762351989746]
[42.468406677246094]
[3.816319227218628]
[8.209588050842285]
[3.802750587463379]
[10.888050079345703]
[0.5174774527549744]
[13.467181205749512]
[26.48058319091797]
[1.306930661201477]
[2.071249008178711]
[0.21774674952030182]
[0.2760159969329834]
[4.847316265106201]
[0.9179120659828186]
[111.65087890625]
[184.06398010253906]
[2.9224631786346436]
[18.080089569091797]
[0.29169130325317383]
[113.40293884277344]
[0.17802318930625916]
[22.412229537963867]
[10.311939239501953]
[1.4852720499038696]
[5.221875190734863]
[1.9997012615203857]
[0.23933082818984985]
[25.829965591430664]
[38.061302185058594]
[3.4064788818359375]
[2.606100082397461]
[153.0885772705078]
[121.35572052001953]
[1.998641848564148]
[6.223001480102539]
[7.372025012969971]
[0.24512162804603577]
[3.4087822437286377]
[5.301350116729736]
[2.530538558959961]
[4.48555326461792]
[20.953899383544922]
[11.930525779724121]
[3.4300320148468018]
[0.3220873177051544]
[0.7302348613739014]
[1.1513066291809082]
[2.1262197494506836]
[12.25016975402832]
[3.7098076343536377]
[0.3142834007740021]
[3.8088772296905518]
[54.44036102294922]
[282.510498046875]
[0.955034613609314]
[0.3514358103275299]
[4006.75244140625]
[26.78460121154785]
[4.721829414367676]
[3.320526123046875]
[4.43046760559082]
[4.918725967407227]
[564.9609375]
[4.001177787780762]
[2.387622594833374]
[26.917112350463867]
[36.46320724487305]
[13.253461837768555]
[79.7634506225586]
[1.9186973571777344]
[62.308837890625]
[143.15908813476562]
[2.508345127105713]
[100.08718872070312]
[182.62074279785156]
[213.69204711914062]
[1.7043745517730713]
[148.7137908935547]
[35.88064193725586]
[8.618764877319336]
[1.3676426410675049]
[1.8071993589401245]
[11.09062385559082]
[2.017949104309082]
[5.491517543792725]
[376.9360656738281]
[19.098474502563477]
[22.931272506713867]
[3.353314161300659]
[92.85676574707031]
[11.276915550231934]
[20.974355697631836]
[8.308655738830566]
[29.711109161376953]
[6.274791240692139]
[70.69495391845703]
[86.174560546875]
[25.493497848510742]
[85.80652618408203]
[25.854881286621094]
[0.9324343204498291]
[5.232833385467529]
[0.9230322241783142]
[1.0895024538040161]
[8.677351951599121]
[68.25306701660156]
[76.16222381591797]
[0.779761552810669]
[28.819673538208008]
[0.6714248657226562]
[36.798912048339844]
[6.34566593170166]
[1089.1806640625]
[52.66303634643555]
[158.33909606933594]
[1.0251041650772095]
[7.7908196449279785]
[1.686730980873108]
[6.130094051361084]
[7.759256362915039]
[1.4939165115356445]
[36.20473098754883]
[53.114837646484375]
[10.573988914489746]
[9.988789558410645]
[116.10385131835938]
[4.426251411437988]
[3.8114092350006104]
[3.7641937732696533]
[74.6565170288086]
[13.506783485412598]
[10.896824836730957]
[9.929028511047363]
[3.729555368423462]
[2.428971767425537]
[0.8151465654373169]
[26.519886016845703]
[99.4156265258789]
[9.082809448242188]
[4.569461345672607]
[2.6109936237335205]
[118.23880004882812]
[4.647104740142822]
[3.7675607204437256]
[0.8687536716461182]
[2.612354040145874]
[74.29385375976562]
[4.149752140045166]
[145.30801391601562]
[0.6553524732589722]
[0.5744354724884033]
[5.723287582397461]
[6.731356620788574]
[0.5141509175300598]
[0.5636227130889893]
[6.61661434173584]
[36.11337661743164]
[82.07904052734375]
[508.2596740722656]
[1.0089038610458374]
[2.285942316055298]
[19.358572006225586]
[67.99398803710938]
[74.38404083251953]
[10.429226875305176]
[12.595067024230957]
[0.7842115759849548]
[6.812344551086426]
[0.7458646297454834]
[10.992761611938477]
[0.651878297328949]
[8.736015319824219]
[0.6063002347946167]
[1.983525037765503]
[6.379335880279541]
[9.696029663085938]
[7.472754955291748]
[0.7963701486587524]
[3.261805772781372]
[0.5913116335868835]
[0.687397301197052]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.8898130655288696]
[771.2756958007812]
[11.096197128295898]
[0.8437299132347107]
[5.690467357635498]
[0.38551315665245056]
[0.6470710039138794]
[29.242319107055664]
[0.781429648399353]
[0.7185897827148438]
[116.60685729980469]
[10.384245872497559]
[4.458024501800537]
[0.931460976600647]
[5.214282035827637]
[13.425031661987305]
[1.7605236768722534]
[159.12750244140625]
[22.099651336669922]
[2.5338408946990967]
[4.152433395385742]
[0.4239121675491333]
[10.255681037902832]
[5.4933977127075195]
[2.69563364982605]
[64.60781860351562]
[3.8919789791107178]
[4.660606384277344]
[6.9177327156066895]
[57.58110046386719]
[2.7319839000701904]
[116.46727752685547]
[2.3872132301330566]
[19.620357513427734]
[2.4426770210266113]
[5.691244602203369]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[1.4870033264160156]
[4.4812445640563965]
[0.5761308073997498]
[1.2194933891296387]
[9.379968643188477]
[0.5259495973587036]
[0.756314754486084]
[25.0638484954834]
[3.3680758476257324]
[3.0475969314575195]
[2.2259228229522705]
[3.7815842628479004]
[10.696427345275879]
[0.6998785138130188]
[333.0887756347656]
[2.372565507888794]
[0.6974993944168091]
[1.1626708507537842]
[1.820902705192566]
[4.036087512969971]
[68.87403869628906]
[0.2580592930316925]
[1.1536160707473755]
[53.61793518066406]
[3.1585187911987305]
[0.7588252425193787]
[595.3884887695312]
[1133.4398193359375]
[4.567969799041748]
[464.3173828125]
[3.588859796524048]
[1.1596856117248535]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.36150744557380676]
[1.3236230611801147]
[7.358316421508789]
[0.8813024163246155]
[10.240945816040039]
[42.799293518066406]
[8.814284324645996]
[79.60041809082031]
[7.379379749298096]
[0.8810447454452515]
[7.119411468505859]
[1.2617251873016357]
[57.04349136352539]
[19.346887588500977]
[7.505404472351074]
[1.5175632238388062]
[6.388004779815674]
[19.071866989135742]
[8.265425682067871]
[12.30893325805664]
[1.4579493999481201]
[80.67220306396484]
[79.06156921386719]
[141.51220703125]
[4.0213799476623535]
[1.1312079429626465]
[4.8147807121276855]
[1.2616894245147705]
[1.201441764831543]
[6.3650803565979]
[9.346996307373047]
[7.749942779541016]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[3.5058300495147705]
[2.212376594543457]
[1.8729251623153687]
[9.763153076171875]
[5.996623516082764]
[62.95402526855469]
[47.64044952392578]
[19.846878051757812]
[1.008928656578064]
[2.37374210357666]
[7.170900821685791]
[5.758082389831543]
[19.025907516479492]
[5.359696865081787]
[0.347199410200119]
[4.738121032714844]
[10.429147720336914]
[7.123615741729736]
[4.159107208251953]
[521.7097778320312]
[0.28583669662475586]
[18.69280433654785]
[4.361124038696289]
[17.042221069335938]
[5.2848286628723145]
[4.172018527984619]
[10.706411361694336]
[0.8501685857772827]
[5.111237049102783]
[4.762092590332031]
[2.6794517040252686]
[9.319714546203613]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[17.060850143432617]
[2.591653347015381]
[5.690521717071533]
[0.13734492659568787]
[94.06552124023438]
[71.51531982421875]
[11.404414176940918]
[147.0875701904297]
[3.6519968509674072]
[4.63762092590332]
[5.384295463562012]
[18.43621063232422]
[3.1968343257904053]
[0.9869306087493896]
[0.5231773853302002]
[0.726652204990387]
[1.429527759552002]
[8.069384574890137]
[0.6299356818199158]
[6.221414089202881]
[0.6033060550689697]
[4.915072917938232]
[2.2825443744659424]
[3.830984592437744]
[0.5029990077018738]
[41.851226806640625]
[12.906192779541016]
[0.5942986011505127]
[1.458522915840149]
[6.030364513397217]
[1.3560866117477417]
[65.49742126464844]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.8920438289642334]
[10.191861152648926]
[0.8654416799545288]
[26.035228729248047]
[6.185208320617676]
[82.77490234375]
[3.599987506866455]
[4.149644374847412]
[0.8214843273162842]
[4.22652530670166]
[2.486570119857788]
[40.770694732666016]
[41.64414596557617]
[3.952241897583008]
[0.555939793586731]
[31.879823684692383]
[1.9675160646438599]
[7.1169633865356445]
[30.484163284301758]
[1.305046558380127]
[2.918057918548584]
[14.16434097290039]
[3.6184394359588623]
[2.7839465141296387]
[115.37396240234375]
[7.589840888977051]
[4.905520439147949]
[109.90684509277344]
[1.8056811094284058]
[1169.8939208984375]
[2.6122405529022217]
[5.138310432434082]
conversion error
conversion error
[921.741943359375]
[54.5966796875]
[84.23681640625]
[3.796995162963867]
[0.4785348176956177]
[10.18795394897461]
[10.907539367675781]
[0.9109851717948914]
[0.9618690013885498]
[3.2210874557495117]
[5.890625476837158]
[8.3439359664917]
[18.374893188476562]
[0.6948333978652954]
[0.7927504181861877]
[79.75555419921875]
[1.7427629232406616]
[5.683736801147461]
[31.642396926879883]
[5.257544994354248]
[1.3360332250595093]
[1.6784124374389648]
[8.641061782836914]
[4.940115451812744]
[7.096190929412842]
[4.054369926452637]
[6.2195539474487305]
[37.013916015625]
[5.095993518829346]
[0.7445041537284851]
[0.9546988606452942]
[0.620019257068634]
[0.6479812860488892]
[5.066985130310059]
[21.838804244995117]
[4.698477268218994]
[6.929229259490967]
[12.641424179077148]
[0.8876685500144958]
[0.8090624213218689]
[9.694746971130371]
[4.599907398223877]
[7.1011152267456055]
[3.131500244140625]
[4.813048839569092]
[4.1584153175354]
[25.851428985595703]
[5.46572732925415]
[1.9169855117797852]
[2.535862445831299]
[5.156714916229248]
[11.584511756896973]
[19.003053665161133]
[22.03069496154785]
[0.5030582547187805]
[0.5511823296546936]
[3.382502555847168]
[0.43914785981178284]
[3.9111907482147217]
[27.20136070251465]
[0.8843994736671448]
[3.87705135345459]
[11.220860481262207]
[4.245706558227539]
[0.3359104096889496]
[9.129051208496094]
[0.6275633573532104]
[7.822244644165039]
[3.802478075027466]
[9.784650802612305]
[7.667111396789551]
[3.1034281253814697]
[94.7766342163086]
[5.895263195037842]
[12.002067565917969]
[4.13887882232666]
[1.076756477355957]
[0.8630326986312866]
[3.066288471221924]
[8.513129234313965]
[4.51001501083374]
[17.16838836669922]
[0.23302188515663147]
[25.796958923339844]
[2.575083017349243]
[6.108226776123047]
[27.723388671875]
[18.10617446899414]
[6.110583305358887]
[40.143924713134766]
[1.632307767868042]
[63.19573211669922]
[10.584912300109863]
[4.36979866027832]
[62.0797233581543]
[5.445234775543213]
[543.8385009765625]
[0.5547361969947815]
[49.478939056396484]
[48.84035110473633]
[5.296380996704102]
[48.53355026245117]
[0.7345376014709473]
[0.3255014717578888]
[1.261428952217102]
[1.8581781387329102]
[20.637439727783203]
[112.134033203125]
[1.7308132648468018]
[1.0695244073867798]
[0.3581582009792328]
[4.479649543762207]
[1.502098798751831]
[5.816857814788818]
[4.210436820983887]
[70.9685287475586]
[0.33064424991607666]
[2.570932388305664]
[25.038679122924805]
[105.03268432617188]
[159.5329132080078]
[0.3039664924144745]
[3.83463978767395]
[1.2739477157592773]
[8.143939018249512]
[6.727970123291016]
[8.551923751831055]
[95.54756927490234]
[21.25942611694336]
[4.4428324699401855]
[8.885455131530762]
[1.3647857904434204]
[0.9268583655357361]
[0.23096628487110138]
[4.1433892250061035]
[2.369715690612793]
[57.50737762451172]
[3.834670305252075]
[5.451364040374756]
[151.12405395507812]
[53.795631408691406]
[6.85360050201416]
[8.140303611755371]
[3.8938188552856445]
[5.421207427978516]
[14.175650596618652]
[90.31869506835938]
[0.2634003758430481]
[0.371141254901886]
[4.084962368011475]
[0.23109962046146393]
[2.3983774185180664]
[5.0281195640563965]
[4.828186988830566]
[4.736825942993164]
[4.661942958831787]
[1.094443440437317]
[83.40737915039062]
[15.766519546508789]
[4.6866068840026855]
[6.365147113800049]
[6.6886444091796875]
[0.7546557784080505]
[0.6270257234573364]
[0.321183979511261]
[0.38192328810691833]
[5.145549774169922]
[5.0869293212890625]
[3.2265310287475586]
[4.277939319610596]
[0.6603212952613831]
[7.3240156173706055]
[10.802816390991211]
[3.609494209289551]
[0.8969751000404358]
[56.92869186401367]
[61.8984260559082]
[0.17972058057785034]
[5.267404556274414]
[0.29909226298332214]
[6.157252788543701]
[4.132011413574219]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[4.0097551345825195]
[24.534231185913086]
[1.7382781505584717]
[44.56364822387695]
[6.659208297729492]
[17.888673782348633]
[1.9123286008834839]
[1.3723793029785156]
[3.2482030391693115]
[16.96373176574707]
[15.296565055847168]
[3.191490888595581]
[3.8429226875305176]
[5.5550408363342285]
[26.696178436279297]
[0.7584147453308105]
[40.94681930541992]
[0.41882243752479553]
[4.706384658813477]
[3.1848058700561523]
[0.17891472578048706]
[3.3440628051757812]
[1.0908291339874268]
[4.624300003051758]
[0.2256537228822708]
[14.06747817993164]
[2.7412102222442627]
[3.954127550125122]
[3.767702102661133]
[9.490915298461914]
[1.078333854675293]
[2.2547507286071777]
[2.5263638496398926]
[2.375448226928711]
[1.1846556663513184]
[3.385713577270508]
[3.7161171436309814]
[2.4513158798217773]
[22.812402725219727]
[2.572140693664551]
[4.783616542816162]
[3.265446662902832]
conversion error
conversion error
[11.992466926574707]
[0.534372091293335]
[2.3629207611083984]
[2.912970542907715]
[28.810407638549805]
[13.092155456542969]
[89.0713882446289]
[3.1534414291381836]
[5.920993804931641]
[1.168701410293579]
[2.8127288818359375]
[88.39593505859375]
[17.345420837402344]
[18.915325164794922]
[2.0200531482696533]
[0.7034076452255249]
[2.7383546829223633]
[1.5474822521209717]
[54.841453552246094]
[19.0152530670166]
[2.5520379543304443]
[302.5303955078125]
[70.73888397216797]
[1.832932472229004]
[6.405704975128174]
[1.8113577365875244]
[0.1760844737291336]
[0.16896460950374603]
[72.84937286376953]
[23.9334716796875]
[3.311368942260742]
[0.36855313181877136]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.1959210634231567]
[22.21135902404785]
[1.9113030433654785]
[14.533474922180176]
[28.872119903564453]
[2.7368357181549072]
[951.2207641601562]
[3.0371439456939697]
[6.705808162689209]
[7.011713981628418]
[0.1965954452753067]
[11.762170791625977]
[4.412262439727783]
[73.08122253417969]
[38.61879348754883]
[2.3625271320343018]
[0.26690444350242615]
[5.5305399894714355]
[1.839028000831604]
[0.19001220166683197]
[5.435139179229736]
[73.68933868408203]
[6.616941928863525]
[1.0967247486114502]
[64.3248291015625]
[2.270474910736084]
[1.6574623584747314]
[0.3249931037425995]
[29.087369918823242]
[1.281697392463684]
[1.830237627029419]
[101.34898376464844]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.3222053050994873]
[3.113659381866455]
[8.410931587219238]
[15.149770736694336]
[21.298723220825195]
[6.910456657409668]
[7.112062454223633]
[0.29533106088638306]
[1.062016487121582]
[1.4715869426727295]
[1.1673955917358398]
[1.3065091371536255]
[7.232007026672363]
[0.20081037282943726]
[5.408909320831299]
[3.700542688369751]
[5.703740119934082]
[2.996037483215332]
[20.137741088867188]
[94.8969955444336]
[6.030162811279297]
[1.3213441371917725]
[3.4889655113220215]
[0.20502424240112305]
[7.768301010131836]
[1.5985790491104126]
[2.6001274585723877]
[23.757600784301758]
[3.675240993499756]
[0.23097926378250122]
[4.486807346343994]
[0.30190810561180115]
conversion error
conversion error
[63.201751708984375]
[12.735960960388184]
[3.5113306045532227]
[0.22211717069149017]
[5.8167405128479]
[1054.936279296875]
[16.75426483154297]
[0.5645720958709717]
[1.0050041675567627]
[79.39049530029297]
[0.9319354295730591]
[96.6982650756836]
[1.1214003562927246]
[0.18517009913921356]
[4.161947727203369]
[1.117388129234314]
[0.6140891909599304]
[83.9277572631836]
[5.408188343048096]
[0.30362725257873535]
[2.8999228477478027]
[1.2422876358032227]
[10.892168998718262]
[0.22063539922237396]
[3.008462429046631]
[5.866888523101807]
[54.94740676879883]
[0.17481155693531036]
[0.28558075428009033]
[2.7321715354919434]
[5.143651008605957]
[4.270226955413818]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.2259199023246765]
[4.077059745788574]
[13.757596015930176]
[0.2879679501056671]
[4.972207546234131]
[4.993223667144775]
[51.945556640625]
[36.17266082763672]
[6.744213104248047]
[0.18624389171600342]
[14.835558891296387]
[0.11461509019136429]
[4.3312883377075195]
[10.953502655029297]
[4.326615810394287]
[0.20979906618595123]
[6.78707218170166]
[3.6614205837249756]
[0.9305468797683716]
[0.15184080600738525]
[4.207386016845703]
[2272.329345703125]
[1.5679237842559814]
[0.6418886780738831]
[0.2844530940055847]
[5.7274675369262695]
[3.1156790256500244]
[18.984973907470703]
[0.4065325856208801]
[3.865036725997925]
[11.071929931640625]
[2.2403697967529297]
conversion error
conversion error
[3.5782458782196045]
[0.3192785680294037]
[2.311131477355957]
[1.6592559814453125]
[12.961652755737305]
[0.7290286421775818]
[20.383615493774414]
[61.976680755615234]
[19.6993465423584]
[19.942623138427734]
[18.91031837463379]
[1.0907706022262573]
[5.126761436462402]
[8.413256645202637]
[9.263278007507324]
[5.991729259490967]
[1.8999160528182983]
[4.306777000427246]
[1.0913324356079102]
[1.7265102863311768]
[11.610551834106445]
[6.662249565124512]
[6.0083417892456055]
[0.8582550883293152]
[2.449009895324707]
[8.02184009552002]
[1.4197169542312622]
[24.19658851623535]
[5.432968616485596]
[1.328039526939392]
[0.3293498754501343]
[122.60905456542969]
conversion error
conversion error
[296.8162841796875]
[2.0767860412597656]
[131.901123046875]
[2.7716736793518066]
[0.39907485246658325]
[3782.744140625]
[8.288516998291016]
[1.4097180366516113]
[0.841322124004364]
[2.3910553455352783]
[153.78604125976562]
[81.40721893310547]
[38.62977981567383]
[469.2201232910156]
[423.0106201171875]
[23.556772232055664]
[6.053624153137207]
[90.95214080810547]
[130.32196044921875]
[21.517484664916992]
[21.467174530029297]
[173.2822723388672]
[10.376601219177246]
[9.600452423095703]
[34.205326080322266]
[81.57015991210938]
[75.4699478149414]
[22.40003204345703]
[104.84126281738281]
[117.92120361328125]
[95.95448303222656]
[0.8641049861907959]
[47.4031982421875]
[6.9761176109313965]
[8.882096290588379]
[1.6327728033065796]
[368.7894287109375]
[5.227343559265137]
[1.0363178253173828]
[4.525392055511475]
[0.7285519242286682]
[15.457554817199707]
[8.879324913024902]
[21.304161071777344]
[15.544532775878906]
[67.76727294921875]
[0.5318657159805298]
[0.7195554971694946]
[0.8663817048072815]
[45.656883239746094]
[22.271509170532227]
[0.8843079209327698]
[102.24996948242188]
[46.87043762207031]
[0.9427629709243774]
[33.335628509521484]
[0.8734815120697021]
[13.563044548034668]
[0.41217881441116333]
[128.72511291503906]
[0.4982793927192688]
[18.535377502441406]
[3.261211633682251]
[48.64277267456055]
[68.8998031616211]
[40.39419174194336]
[107.07846069335938]
[475.946044921875]
[0.30761954188346863]
[142.5066375732422]
[67.68191528320312]
[21.318710327148438]
[31.339336395263672]
[18.58967399597168]
[3.870741605758667]
[30.548524856567383]
[23.481922149658203]
[0.8016760945320129]
[366.6930847167969]
[3.7719147205352783]
[3.7488250732421875]
[1.336593747138977]
[0.9348978400230408]
[17.68720054626465]
[47.806392669677734]
[448.3328857421875]
[2.616861581802368]
[1.2196639776229858]
[6.627410888671875]
[9.525566101074219]
[10.850793838500977]
[1.7695422172546387]
[0.5570553541183472]
[3.2097508907318115]
[194.99896240234375]
[14.52598762512207]
[0.4793475270271301]
[14.544361114501953]
[3.973689079284668]
[32.62049865722656]
[60.51276779174805]
[87.5583267211914]
[7.499651908874512]
[13.08803939819336]
[7.921600818634033]
[1.4560962915420532]
[126.27900695800781]
[5.496624946594238]
[1.4073376655578613]
[2.421468734741211]
[2.0346128940582275]
[13.87200927734375]
[8.217489242553711]
[1.569266676902771]
[4.653719425201416]
[40.194271087646484]
[49.29354476928711]
[27.834877014160156]
[17.006240844726562]
[20.056716918945312]
[11.085004806518555]
[1.3683478832244873]
[12.894331932067871]
[0.32846328616142273]
[66.21922302246094]
[1.340664267539978]
[122.88220977783203]
[0.39891690015792847]
[1.3938275575637817]
[57.29692840576172]
[8.024120330810547]
[6.322876453399658]
[171.2578582763672]
[5.357794284820557]
[77.09658813476562]
[4.449974060058594]
[7.8752923011779785]
[6.2144293785095215]
[1.6969009637832642]
[16.039409637451172]
[89.54765319824219]
[117.67884826660156]
[1.8219627141952515]
[7.929922580718994]
[30.042875289916992]
[3.80619740486145]
[3.847782611846924]
[2.416607141494751]
[203.18435668945312]
[2.0437679290771484]
[4.703775882720947]
[660.3001708984375]
[4.541441917419434]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[197.69036865234375]
[11.183162689208984]
[4.443093776702881]
[2.3969569206237793]
[1.5864030122756958]
[18.152565002441406]
[12.107783317565918]
[112.48645782470703]
[1.6371668577194214]
[29.055654525756836]
[1.6489267349243164]
[4.28344202041626]
[2.1732771396636963]
[47.82680130004883]
[12.12329387664795]
[7.386043548583984]
[12.0177640914917]
[41.216678619384766]
[5.245756149291992]
[1.4376389980316162]
[1.9907649755477905]
[32.24148178100586]
[141.9282684326172]
[4.509896755218506]
[3.5433731079101562]
[3.984809637069702]
[1.398472785949707]
[33.033512115478516]
[15.428394317626953]
[9.769676208496094]
[10.259590148925781]
[11.661689758300781]
[1.7610591650009155]
[6.402672290802002]
[32.92573547363281]
[153.2030487060547]
[116.52278137207031]
[1.401216745376587]
[1.1441398859024048]
[1.0688751935958862]
[26.901018142700195]
[97.66472625732422]
[1.9183235168457031]
[2.3538599014282227]
[0.8116399645805359]
[0.9124594926834106]
[94.56581115722656]
[3.3861374855041504]
[4.951101303100586]
[1.2569044828414917]
[19.441999435424805]
[104.17657470703125]
[10.354554176330566]
[206.5426788330078]
[168.35183715820312]
[1.0191056728363037]
[5.939861297607422]
[3.4419105052948]
[0.7987057566642761]
[0.47945481538772583]
[0.8216747045516968]
[12.178943634033203]
[5.7390594482421875]
[56.92854309082031]
[1.6433302164077759]
[2.62965726852417]
[2.872431993484497]
[7.50236701965332]
[2.3200266361236572]
[14.17856216430664]
[1.8044277429580688]
[0.7124254107475281]
[295.7562255859375]
[3.7631425857543945]
[46.9070930480957]
[5.04245662689209]
[9.712418556213379]
[0.9886847734451294]
[0.7906867265701294]
[75.47196960449219]
[3.9769468307495117]
[0.7585345506668091]
[1.642511010169983]
[0.7358224987983704]
[4.089012622833252]
[2.7791287899017334]
[19.365463256835938]
[107.89781188964844]
[4.648042678833008]
[5.741610527038574]
[75.66963195800781]
[0.7650504112243652]
[6.115303993225098]
[3.1438677310943604]
[10.507177352905273]
[1.2596663236618042]
[157.03126525878906]
[14.706822395324707]
[0.6819109320640564]
[3.045980453491211]
[112.94047546386719]
[75.78610229492188]
[20.285356521606445]
[6.451664447784424]
[7.65609073638916]
[0.5410020351409912]
[30.14377212524414]
[1.5823291540145874]
[3.007006883621216]
[33.57357406616211]
[1.1410155296325684]
[49.05710983276367]
[0.29520073533058167]
[4.394395351409912]
[79.6661605834961]
[193.40122985839844]
[7.866476058959961]
[2.4839015007019043]
[7.893916130065918]
[3.655367136001587]
[0.4519668221473694]
[1.8705607652664185]
[147.57205200195312]
[10.408918380737305]
[11.431451797485352]
[2.9529852867126465]
[2.0062673091888428]
[12.512660026550293]
[0.7401936054229736]
[0.6828137040138245]
[133.2449188232422]
[70.42021179199219]
[9.582293510437012]
[2.227565288543701]
[0.8731330633163452]
[6.503015518188477]
[2.139103889465332]
[7.8257365226745605]
[0.8833675384521484]
[6.387810230255127]
[5.730247974395752]
[0.6633715033531189]
[107.71456909179688]
[6.225461006164551]
[3.874337673187256]
[1014.4414672851562]
[0.6436123847961426]
[12.022826194763184]
[3.055208206176758]
[73.03372955322266]
[7.2430338859558105]
[0.9275082349777222]
[2.934964895248413]
[9.994063377380371]
[6.994305610656738]
[2.5770740509033203]
[5.100438117980957]
[3.032802104949951]
[29.227523803710938]
[3.085465431213379]
[2.901637554168701]
[9.462478637695312]
[6.1448750495910645]
[101.89617919921875]
[0.9545570611953735]
[8.28225040435791]
[7.63779354095459]
[2.644472599029541]
[32.422630310058594]
[8.535418510437012]
[0.8132967352867126]
[272.7565002441406]
[20.694133758544922]
[8.467273712158203]
[5.571986198425293]
[0.624796450138092]
[2.0045785903930664]
[2.7303478717803955]
[5.483309745788574]
[3.010897636413574]
[15.00480842590332]
[164.77476501464844]
[41.1640739440918]
[0.6240735650062561]
[2.0191116333007812]
[3.7228806018829346]
[3.2955591678619385]
[3.9463584423065186]
[6.232166767120361]
[16.357532501220703]
[2.6673362255096436]
[43.395660400390625]
[124.01258087158203]
[0.5142465829849243]
[1.2056769132614136]
[402.50238037109375]
[11.816393852233887]
[17.725513458251953]
[0.5681849122047424]
[39.801063537597656]
[1.1693942546844482]
[13.459271430969238]
[2.958195447921753]
[3.1367273330688477]
[32.58973693847656]
[3.807208299636841]
[0.6902520060539246]
[886.3384399414062]
[68.96730041503906]
[49.50300598144531]
[0.4790191948413849]
[5.844985485076904]
[0.5089715123176575]
[0.7074486613273621]
[0.5860467553138733]
[66.26203918457031]
[0.8292177319526672]
[2.9519476890563965]
[6.029513359069824]
[471.0549621582031]
[33.19553756713867]
[87.57264709472656]
[7.3572235107421875]
[9.398059844970703]
[0.641934871673584]
[5.559850692749023]
[39.82263946533203]
[1.4447017908096313]
[1.1185816526412964]
[15.966139793395996]
[6.442756175994873]
[18.93552589416504]
[0.4704400599002838]
[89.43679809570312]
[2.7508835792541504]
[1073.007080078125]
[70.40814208984375]
[7.420467376708984]
[1.6414321660995483]
[20.341432571411133]
[615.2174682617188]
[13.208703994750977]
[6.08905029296875]
[1.6006648540496826]
[86.79332733154297]
[3.052187442779541]
[207.59962463378906]
[2.85597562789917]
[3.7653353214263916]
[5.632861137390137]
[5.382422924041748]
[5.643370151519775]
[3.7966525554656982]
[0.2491808533668518]
[6.822103977203369]
[7.82070779800415]
[7.9483537673950195]
[6.158675670623779]
[0.8144195675849915]
[23.327526092529297]
[10.525185585021973]
[40.91926193237305]
[1.0106655359268188]
[19.898008346557617]
[30.986879348754883]
[0.746628999710083]
[7.176517486572266]
[5.74491024017334]
[1.1997452974319458]
[0.2861440181732178]
[0.2647288143634796]
[0.39082545042037964]
[19.42792320251465]
[19.66497230529785]
[1.255332350730896]
[6.309871196746826]
[2.9122092723846436]
[10.421342849731445]
[2.4507079124450684]
[1.1632890701293945]
[2.8557050228118896]
[0.33101189136505127]
[6.055391311645508]
[0.6489428877830505]
[4.587765693664551]
[1.4781310558319092]
[0.985788106918335]
[7.013649940490723]
[7.425044059753418]
[0.2891346514225006]
[1.2890233993530273]
[47.819332122802734]
[0.2890196144580841]
[0.5487567186355591]
[170.17396545410156]
[4.5745015144348145]
[0.8695330619812012]
[1.2205095291137695]
[3.6065239906311035]
[3.0652740001678467]
[0.9198161959648132]
[44.44921875]
[32.12662124633789]
[0.26810356974601746]
[5.247303485870361]
[17.918811798095703]
[0.5438494682312012]
[144.08648681640625]
[0.8864277601242065]
[5.719568252563477]
[0.4478686451911926]
[104.34593963623047]
[13.477692604064941]
[0.3947244882583618]
[24.52044677734375]
[0.20724362134933472]
[5013.0048828125]
[0.2633305788040161]
[2.8105578422546387]
[9.603865623474121]
[3.2177929878234863]
[33.258304595947266]
[11.789134979248047]
[3.661111354827881]
[4.57333517074585]
[8.914909362792969]
[27.514667510986328]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[4.260565280914307]
[5.143633842468262]
[0.43060314655303955]
[0.7773931622505188]
[6.630117893218994]
[41.612823486328125]
[169.13064575195312]
[0.6091731786727905]
[0.5711121559143066]
[6.4237542152404785]
[12.329198837280273]
[3.7409486770629883]
[105.96463012695312]
[1.6137465238571167]
[28.456735610961914]
[3.1365842819213867]
[0.5426830053329468]
[169.0279541015625]
[12.930622100830078]
[2.608105182647705]
[11.863516807556152]
[0.3563694357872009]
[22.678049087524414]
[37.79045486450195]
[72.45296478271484]
[14.087089538574219]
[6.85291862487793]
[37.816070556640625]
[79.4028091430664]
[5.514937877655029]
[0.48167040944099426]
[3.969539165496826]
[1.522139072418213]
[14.249781608581543]
[96.81625366210938]
[0.4676451086997986]
[0.3777133524417877]
[79.95067596435547]
[8.905259132385254]
[11.061882019042969]
[2.357175350189209]
[17.683990478515625]
[0.2360183149576187]
[149.1774139404297]
[0.7982063889503479]
[13.948726654052734]
[0.48678600788116455]
[100.05729675292969]
[9.429551124572754]
[8.154675483703613]
[7.229612350463867]
[6.622419834136963]
[7.766027450561523]
[0.5122867226600647]
[22.491899490356445]
[55.07029724121094]
[3.7198712825775146]
[0.344171404838562]
[71.38917541503906]
[0.29435908794403076]
[1.8026083707809448]
[7.060159206390381]
[69.04999542236328]
[0.2859094738960266]
[7.146482944488525]
[2.422745704650879]
[3.1842334270477295]
[0.30476993322372437]
[6.025338172912598]
[6.339249134063721]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[7.117076396942139]
[117.53050994873047]
[0.3925810158252716]
[5.530473709106445]
[25.208251953125]
[12.038583755493164]
[2.739065170288086]
[5.511005401611328]
[0.31661152839660645]
[4.620081901550293]
[5.086338520050049]
[232.1776123046875]
[0.6289330124855042]
[24.354097366333008]
[0.2930360734462738]
[1.4853662252426147]
[1.3053327798843384]
[4.082751274108887]
[0.1676284819841385]
[4.898646831512451]
[1.2855162620544434]
[4.527467727661133]
[3.1443614959716797]
[10.404932022094727]
[0.28309932351112366]
[3.9696967601776123]
[0.8408166766166687]
[0.3193463385105133]
[2.647684335708618]
[0.5840519070625305]
[21.9647159576416]
[0.3090686798095703]
[85.41175079345703]
[5.055994987487793]
[9.98045539855957]
[3.644345283508301]
[1.7570521831512451]
[92.88533020019531]
[0.30500248074531555]
[1.095210313796997]
[4.966379165649414]
[11.581775665283203]
[0.21209225058555603]
[0.35846585035324097]
[0.4835722744464874]
[4.807590961456299]
[4.85876989364624]
[1.1713051795959473]
[0.7240307331085205]
[1.0071117877960205]
[1.251714825630188]
[23.691293716430664]
[3.1698126792907715]
[2.943293571472168]
[2.8144335746765137]
[32.768863677978516]
[2.638075351715088]
[32.62806701660156]
[1.3279949426651]
[116.63623809814453]
[10.839794158935547]
[23.439802169799805]
[13.999049186706543]
[2.0506703853607178]
[18.87902069091797]
[0.24483312666416168]
[0.2124169021844864]
[0.23737698793411255]
[0.9530404806137085]
[0.18140630424022675]
[3.040456771850586]
[20.986492156982422]
[4.740400314331055]
[6.182901382446289]
[1.7092697620391846]
[1.3144309520721436]
[3.5441339015960693]
[3.3614182472229004]
[47.10749435424805]
[4.054969787597656]
[0.27153515815734863]
[23.72266387939453]
[2.5986740589141846]
[35.531532287597656]
[0.948183000087738]
[4.015710353851318]
[11.924444198608398]
[2.255380630493164]
[0.20787082612514496]
[2.2889952659606934]
[3.2995805740356445]
[4.512090682983398]
[75.94226837158203]
[0.14539308845996857]
[3.214177131652832]
[3.632904291152954]
[5.846035957336426]
[0.17656934261322021]
[2.2193424701690674]
[3.946789264678955]
[4.919287204742432]
[9.524173736572266]
[2.1847102642059326]
[1.7072407007217407]
[11.84924030303955]
[5.844583034515381]
[0.19201116263866425]
[0.7478519678115845]
[0.3627082109451294]
[99.09234619140625]
[0.14752431213855743]
[2.952646493911743]
[17.242713928222656]
[6.8869853019714355]
[2.233041286468506]
[0.6944342851638794]
[1.461248517036438]
[3.0116913318634033]
[0.2191847413778305]
[2.860724687576294]
[2.649740695953369]
[2.7620861530303955]
[1.5590357780456543]
[1.2839618921279907]
[59.31913757324219]
[23.981210708618164]
[19.81432342529297]
[1.1848269701004028]
[410.9424133300781]
[11.087498664855957]
[0.1235605925321579]
[5.841188907623291]
[0.12315386533737183]
[0.09968855232000351]
[2.6684932708740234]
[34.76134490966797]
[2.065793991088867]
[0.8517505526542664]
[0.6538583636283875]
[1.7997087240219116]
[0.7699579000473022]
[110.54428100585938]
[31.006189346313477]
[2.690145254135132]
[6.246302604675293]
[5.059820175170898]
[1.0140161514282227]
[0.15570096671581268]
[3.6599228382110596]
[92.30028533935547]
[0.19013144075870514]
[17.83599853515625]
[742.733154296875]
[1.0294381380081177]
[0.21192456781864166]
[5.701425075531006]
[4.492825984954834]
[3.1867470741271973]
[0.33317795395851135]
[1.966660976409912]
[6.867171764373779]
[0.17431694269180298]
[1.3121685981750488]
[7.717673301696777]
[31.844770431518555]
[4.744046211242676]
[7.705894947052002]
[3.3815839290618896]
[0.11522930860519409]
[0.2584074139595032]
[92.4638671875]
[4.500655651092529]
[7.217756748199463]
[0.6615757942199707]
[0.1560829132795334]
[0.29878339171409607]
[4.385229110717773]
[0.3499400317668915]
[4.785214424133301]
[3.440126419067383]
[1.032465934753418]
[4.174054145812988]
[1.46150541305542]
[1.3729969263076782]
[0.8785253763198853]
[0.29385149478912354]
[0.12728141248226166]
[3.52494478225708]
[1.117068886756897]
[35.763057708740234]
[2.7757012844085693]
[3.3314688205718994]
[0.25019171833992004]
[0.3205588161945343]
[0.7141725420951843]
[2.7776267528533936]
[123.28180694580078]
[135.4069061279297]
[4.738226890563965]
[1.054999828338623]
[134.80621337890625]
[0.3095572888851166]
[3.547609567642212]
[3.56072998046875]
[2.104738712310791]
[21.141151428222656]
[0.9406141638755798]
[3.623948574066162]
[1.1164636611938477]
[14.620789527893066]
[1.7084335088729858]
[1.1061017513275146]
[0.1482764184474945]
[0.21824072301387787]
[2.887078046798706]
[0.8172119855880737]
[59.001163482666016]
[6.059715747833252]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[2.5480966567993164]
[0.09749102592468262]
[86.33184814453125]
[2.806607246398926]
[11.47000503540039]
[547.8099975585938]
[6.544765472412109]
[18.637775421142578]
[0.2690553367137909]
[6.680392265319824]
[0.19898422062397003]
[3.004265785217285]
[0.2919224798679352]
[0.281247079372406]
[8.84412670135498]
[19.071361541748047]
[1.3205235004425049]
[0.21118900179862976]
[1.512166142463684]
[0.8762722611427307]
[6.5521416664123535]
[129.0535888671875]
[106.47645568847656]
[17.03522491455078]
[1.5680077075958252]
[1.1121330261230469]
[75.9634017944336]
[0.14772172272205353]
[2.6209805011749268]
[0.25492656230926514]
[2.810188055038452]
[3.5482494831085205]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[3.1098756790161133]
[3.0073130130767822]
[0.21811826527118683]
[0.3330601155757904]
[0.1103823184967041]
[3.0501620769500732]
[11.232000350952148]
[1.3312623500823975]
[0.8807857036590576]
[1.1022136211395264]
[5.101288318634033]
[1.3650729656219482]
[0.7326563000679016]
[40.1325569152832]
[3.711426019668579]
[1.9488165378570557]
[0.272237092256546]
[0.6577464938163757]
[3.1914305686950684]
[14.672294616699219]
[0.7388031482696533]
[1.7171653509140015]
[4.794798851013184]
[2.037924289703369]
[0.09043470025062561]
[4.534372806549072]
[7.591047763824463]
[56.51002883911133]
[9.509276390075684]
[5.935194492340088]
[56.44389343261719]
[1.5575114488601685]
[0.2483312040567398]
[2.9213144779205322]
[0.08574160933494568]
[5.515965461730957]
[20.379657745361328]
[18.220518112182617]
[0.16377168893814087]
[0.6347032785415649]
[0.7027524709701538]
[2.059636354446411]
[6.649555683135986]
[2.053997755050659]
[0.08772449195384979]
[0.5786321759223938]
[0.23716634511947632]
[3.1045236587524414]
[1.4179954528808594]
[47.90925598144531]
[0.16489766538143158]
[1.538901925086975]
[0.18838468194007874]
[1.4640361070632935]
[36.51414489746094]
[0.4713824391365051]
[0.7828425765037537]
[4.504536151885986]
[0.5890294909477234]
[0.21840858459472656]
[1.358667254447937]
[10.464212417602539]
[9.555584907531738]
[2.153061628341675]
[9.733176231384277]
[0.2182905226945877]
[0.578009307384491]
[1.2904994487762451]
[13.63508415222168]
[2.3961188793182373]
[2.1179754734039307]
[17.248153686523438]
[6.883183002471924]
[791.9134521484375]
[127.0067367553711]
[1.4795472621917725]
[0.5928950309753418]
[4.25356912612915]
[0.12784163653850555]
[1.9968403577804565]
[2.8323910236358643]
[52.586280822753906]
[25.068683624267578]
[3.0881030559539795]
[0.17353561520576477]
[0.958792507648468]
[0.6537813544273376]
[2.9205703735351562]
[72.1078872680664]
[16.024843215942383]
[2.4770727157592773]
[1.533484935760498]
[2.8230538368225098]
[0.5830971002578735]
[3.1713790893554688]
[3.6846203804016113]
[4.135559558868408]
[0.1785622537136078]
[13.405282974243164]
[0.5062636733055115]
[4.185759544372559]
[2.733339786529541]
[0.9861637949943542]
[28.470735549926758]
[3.2676849365234375]
[203.62030029296875]
[0.24934041500091553]
[2.942941665649414]
[0.13155685365200043]
[5.351154804229736]
[67.24303436279297]
[2.4404282569885254]
[0.1455390602350235]
[3.20908784866333]
[61.100486755371094]
[1.4170641899108887]
[9.733977317810059]
[28.702939987182617]
[1.442071795463562]
[41.318668365478516]
[23.464406967163086]
[17.321287155151367]
[0.5536907315254211]
[0.095563143491745]
[7.123106002807617]
[5.760711669921875]
[0.1641925573348999]
[5.481497287750244]
[0.14180883765220642]
[29.057701110839844]
[0.12059872597455978]
[578.7276000976562]
[4.442039966583252]
[1.8794491291046143]
[2.375553846359253]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.3916438817977905]
[2.5827605724334717]
[2.8878417015075684]
[15.141892433166504]
[0.1305387020111084]
[2.4842324256896973]
[2.8677778244018555]
[2.6176090240478516]
[3.8683197498321533]
[1.0134570598602295]
[1.0620590448379517]
[5.13479471206665]
[1.4128016233444214]
[0.19965901970863342]
[2.5065901279449463]
[1.2355237007141113]
[53.834716796875]
[0.08599723875522614]
[0.27493226528167725]
[4.303420543670654]
[2.6886303424835205]
[13.497283935546875]
[6.415827751159668]
[3.2726714611053467]
[2.9110491275787354]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[2.0765275955200195]
[0.08040086925029755]
[1.910729169845581]
[46.7740478515625]
[2.6299779415130615]
[0.08414983749389648]
[0.21605615317821503]
[1.7389754056930542]
[0.15536470711231232]
[57.7732048034668]
[1.1278281211853027]
[3.818124771118164]
[0.08116476982831955]
[2.3802313804626465]
[27.079957962036133]
[1.8485095500946045]
[0.1661522090435028]
[0.7288022637367249]
[0.1548302173614502]
[0.816709578037262]
[2.227993965148926]
[1.3428750038146973]
[5.273799896240234]
[11.842329978942871]
[3.2701234817504883]
[131.0636444091797]
[1.8792290687561035]
[1.2790080308914185]
[2.2175188064575195]
[4.766839504241943]
[2.6292386054992676]
[0.09211359918117523]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.2576874792575836]
[1.2739564180374146]
[0.8221574425697327]
[54.083526611328125]
[53.691307067871094]
[0.8782098293304443]
[3.1245062351226807]
[2.1497159004211426]
[8.248656272888184]
[9.590337753295898]
[0.7008705735206604]
[0.2616318166255951]
[4.297851085662842]
[0.6554579138755798]
[271.84722900390625]
[0.6732872724533081]
[4.156034469604492]
[0.1020171046257019]
[15.09019660949707]
[0.2204568088054657]
[2.7445478439331055]
[28.58464813232422]
[5.174618721008301]
[4.288374423980713]
[137.25457763671875]
[0.150062695145607]
[2.3046224117279053]
[72.90985870361328]
[0.07503672689199448]
[0.14140565693378448]
[1.4692747592926025]
[1.4721735715866089]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.4321832656860352]
[3.3135714530944824]
[0.8843355774879456]
[0.12614746391773224]
[0.23218129575252533]
[0.09544838219881058]
[0.8274680972099304]
[13.019701957702637]
[0.07680943608283997]
[11.206260681152344]
[2.176072120666504]
[5.873919486999512]
[2.6810803413391113]
[35.42477798461914]
[0.13596397638320923]
[0.30023178458213806]
[12.7184419631958]
[0.1545202136039734]
[0.1470469832420349]
[0.29085516929626465]
[5.860547065734863]
[1.0376954078674316]
[17.235366821289062]
[156.13711547851562]
[10.303049087524414]
[0.23868395388126373]
[3.6938445568084717]
[35.081146240234375]
[3.0371320247650146]
[10.331193923950195]
[2.6147611141204834]
[0.49675261974334717]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[1.0385569334030151]
[0.48972848057746887]
[33.71221923828125]
[32.002498626708984]
[0.4849031865596771]
[7.90665340423584]
[35.6022834777832]
[12.77623176574707]
[0.19985316693782806]
[35.990394592285156]
[2.1791179180145264]
[1.980811595916748]
[2.525320053100586]
[13.186073303222656]
[288.4700927734375]
[0.11340555548667908]
[2.5273005962371826]
[2.7092981338500977]
[16.060338973999023]
[0.6590760946273804]
[110.50579071044922]
[2.184718132019043]
[0.12628339231014252]
[2.4293084144592285]
[1.1819713115692139]
[0.28982096910476685]
[3.466078519821167]
[0.6053926944732666]
[1.2076596021652222]
[7.520414352416992]
[0.917846143245697]
[4.590527534484863]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[2.7268526554107666]
[12.825997352600098]
[0.29601940512657166]
[18.967641830444336]
[1.0747979879379272]
[57.6536979675293]
[2.622406244277954]
[114.18229675292969]
[0.6496081352233887]
[3.5562450885772705]
[1.8545217514038086]
[6.641416549682617]
[7.9045491218566895]
[0.2842170000076294]
[3.1039819717407227]
[1.5232487916946411]
[3.4745283126831055]
[3.329982280731201]
[4.889058589935303]
[5.922529220581055]
[2.4418463706970215]
[3.492114543914795]
[127.96735382080078]
[119.19168853759766]
[0.1472567766904831]
[2.0477468967437744]
[7.6947021484375]
[0.5399344563484192]
[54.07768249511719]
[33.508445739746094]
[2.751358985900879]
[6.811772346496582]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[1.255050539970398]
[0.09728319942951202]
[0.18029023706912994]
[1.4236903190612793]
[0.08317842334508896]
[2.8052120208740234]
[2.635413885116577]
[1.0624094009399414]
[40.270530700683594]
[0.08916202187538147]
[0.19919784367084503]
[12.101256370544434]
[0.11741506308317184]
[3.229827880859375]
[2.3422293663024902]
[0.1296026110649109]
[27.281593322753906]
[0.11897403001785278]
[15.294829368591309]
[4.798967361450195]
[2.8319153785705566]
[0.6444547772407532]
[0.4277952313423157]
[0.2605801522731781]
[1.169935703277588]
[1.9035357236862183]
[1.6868237257003784]
[1.121321439743042]
[2.8985025882720947]
[0.8894622921943665]
[3.561103582382202]
[1.8357625007629395]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.663893699645996]
[2.0027058124542236]
[0.4961410462856293]
[2.3223459720611572]
[13.869521141052246]
[52.002506256103516]
[10.458016395568848]
[347.4443664550781]
[0.3375445306301117]
[0.10866063833236694]
[19.30000877380371]
[6.971374034881592]
[4.02167272567749]
[33.06560134887695]
[0.19646558165550232]
[34.331756591796875]
[0.07609599083662033]
[3.5762205123901367]
[1.5219573974609375]
[1.8494137525558472]
[8.965880393981934]
[2.3650925159454346]
[1.2405792474746704]
[112.9931411743164]
[18.059892654418945]
[6.674465179443359]
[0.27887895703315735]
[0.807837724685669]
[3.4980437755584717]
[2.8562755584716797]
[4.7814483642578125]
[1.8384395837783813]
conversion error
conversion error
[1.6374735832214355]
[0.07197003811597824]
[31.72711753845215]
[18.167911529541016]
[7.699465274810791]
[98.7262954711914]
[1.020432710647583]
[85.7233657836914]
[36.6415901184082]
[67.20513916015625]
[2.6001884937286377]
[9.174877166748047]
[0.9123993515968323]
[0.23551203310489655]
[2.5348145961761475]
[0.12553498148918152]
[12.11149787902832]
[0.7720014452934265]
[1.278949499130249]
[1.864406943321228]
[1.8232007026672363]
[2.78469181060791]
[17.632253646850586]
[18.409095764160156]
[3.100160837173462]
[6.480298042297363]
[0.7594106793403625]
[123.87908172607422]
[17.401639938354492]
[0.5158154964447021]
[0.08490295708179474]
[1.210025668144226]
conversion error
conversion error
[11.694637298583984]
[1.237542986869812]
[0.17956067621707916]
[35.509056091308594]
[2.404658079147339]
[128.6556396484375]
[0.8095640540122986]
[2.057084321975708]
[28.311565399169922]
[127.06790161132812]
[60.19478988647461]
[1.4822807312011719]
[1.1704893112182617]
[609.3167114257812]
[0.9048249125480652]
[24.96454620361328]
[0.1134912520647049]
[9.546215057373047]
[117.69132995605469]
[39.02276611328125]
[0.09933802485466003]
[2.90285062789917]
[1.159671425819397]
[4.991347789764404]
[31.578187942504883]
[1.121230125427246]
[3.3682096004486084]
[0.17722761631011963]
[1.4254122972488403]
[0.11319003254175186]
[2.989872455596924]
[3.281730890274048]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.1531708985567093]
[0.5329240560531616]
[0.08736740052700043]
[4.152752876281738]
[4.04618501663208]
[0.4766269624233246]
[1.3510087728500366]
[5.045996189117432]
[5.030935287475586]
[0.1525774449110031]
[3.581669807434082]
[2.7770135402679443]
[4.913025856018066]
[5.175223350524902]
[0.12294203788042068]
[0.241485595703125]
[0.12166790664196014]
[0.10107851028442383]
[34.91580581665039]
[0.09172263741493225]
[9.883515357971191]
[2.264223575592041]
[0.16635695099830627]
[1.2151570320129395]
[3.327728271484375]
[1.2511974573135376]
[0.2277040034532547]
[5.650571346282959]
[0.49208909273147583]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created

[17.02817153930664]
[0.39550167322158813]
[1.921004056930542]
[79.94206237792969]
[0.06532884389162064]
[2.0575201511383057]
[2.7590231895446777]
[608.0308227539062]
[12.15043830871582]
[1.1945635080337524]
[4.840412139892578]
[69.90880584716797]
[1.1996698379516602]
[6.176189422607422]
[0.37055331468582153]
[3.645232915878296]
[91.50684356689453]
[20.782495498657227]
[3.551196575164795]
[0.08795823901891708]
[29.512035369873047]
[13.006086349487305]
[6.806501388549805]
[1.0183087587356567]
[0.7574041485786438]
[1.0166538953781128]
[90.73309326171875]
[56.71702575683594]
[2.6742610931396484]
[2.2734487056732178]
[0.20350898802280426]
[2.731461763381958]
[2.918165683746338]
[0.1801479458808899]
[0.09984687715768814]
[7.373940467834473]
[2.870781898498535]
[0.1584332287311554]
[38.52589416503906]
[3.3637828826904297]
[0.654664933681488]
[0.6007113456726074]
[0.10329307615756989]
[2.138681173324585]
[0.9781034588813782]
[5.307775497436523]
[0.08744144439697266]
[0.8625562787055969]
[12.692604064941406]
[17.57674217224121]
[2.7577571868896484]
[0.6919680833816528]
[0.10876789689064026]
[1.645453929901123]
[0.16112278401851654]
[1.6486363410949707]
[0.4064587652683258]
[1.7083404064178467]
[0.9780301451683044]
[1.6296031475067139]
[0.08150076121091843]
[0.3165220022201538]
[3.5143516063690186]
[1.89835524559021]
[1.6686186790466309]
[1.6276218891143799]
[0.1417408287525177]
[0.09889480471611023]
[93.33090209960938]
[0.09641551226377487]
[1.3065823316574097]
[27.3414363861084]
[0.7854415774345398]
[4.4313812255859375]
[11.526541709899902]
[0.8651455044746399]
[1.244963526725769]
[3.339304208755493]
[156.1760711669922]
[105.43421173095703]
[0.5291246175765991]
[0.565052330493927]
[1.9621232748031616]
[17.635101318359375]
[2.4267356395721436]
[4.769946098327637]
[2.026583671569824]
[0.08845357596874237]
[17.650339126586914]
[9.839210510253906]
[7.011463165283203]
[1.2826673984527588]
[3.3934812545776367]
[0.2672537565231323]
[9.22107219696045]
[2.2930655479431152]
[0.05589728429913521]
[1.5204259157180786]
[1.9780970811843872]
[0.5601142048835754]
[0.2518557906150818]
[0.6463844180107117]
[2.3915910720825195]
[0.7739500403404236]
[1.5443415641784668]
[2.799154281616211]
[0.10394245386123657]
[2.5499629974365234]
[1.718320608139038]
[1.9269328117370605]
[5.756009101867676]
[0.6778318881988525]
[0.07956866919994354]
[0.5458008050918579]
[0.07301347702741623]
[93.35627746582031]
[2.021610975265503]
[1.3462697267532349]
[0.7492569088935852]
[1.6988564729690552]
[0.19085079431533813]
[16.451740264892578]
[2.699763536453247]
[0.9282302260398865]
[0.11243095993995667]
[51.170310974121094]
[0.2167254388332367]
[0.13540038466453552]
[0.13142429292201996]
[4.760176658630371]
[1.8663004636764526]
[0.12433483451604843]
[0.6123694777488708]
[0.5386374592781067]
[0.1729811131954193]
[0.7835701704025269]
[14.188255310058594]
[0.1434279829263687]
[0.09249964356422424]
[15.2642183303833]
[1.0701709985733032]
[139.04014587402344]
[1.4743157625198364]
[0.5275665521621704]
[28.010601043701172]
[0.22352048754692078]
[0.2158374935388565]
[0.13014429807662964]
[1.059157133102417]
[5.637699127197266]
[0.1281939595937729]
[24.103355407714844]
[1.9265944957733154]
[1.0864354372024536]
[0.5804538130760193]
[1.4588775634765625]
[5.119119644165039]
[0.142155259847641]
[1.188207745552063]
[33.893123626708984]
[0.048826370388269424]
[10.409008026123047]
[2.31831693649292]
[50.581817626953125]
[2.344900369644165]
[0.5223010182380676]
[0.05726611986756325]
[0.3557719886302948]
[0.15474863350391388]
[31.988080978393555]
[49.79429244995117]
[0.5566161870956421]
[0.8904364705085754]
[0.052586305886507034]
[1.8448097705841064]
[0.7270585894584656]
[101.84479522705078]
[0.9878098368644714]
[0.840607225894928]
[0.24004961550235748]
[0.8420799970626831]
[1.0094083547592163]
[2.4246065616607666]
[0.1269749253988266]
[10.495767593383789]
[75.15125274658203]
[2.3455114364624023]
[1.527459979057312]
[80.82108306884766]
[1.407568097114563]
[0.14699123799800873]
[1.0228455066680908]
[0.9773845672607422]
[0.9792379140853882]
[2.954195976257324]
[17.250572204589844]
[0.4428262710571289]
[1.498640537261963]
[3.1186094284057617]
[0.2676866054534912]
[1.497215986251831]
[9.721112251281738]
[0.05337231233716011]
[0.24064035713672638]
[2.540623664855957]
[0.03622576221823692]
[0.03259104862809181]
[0.07607702165842056]
[0.07387576252222061]
[3.4515697956085205]
[36.19750213623047]
[1.5470579862594604]
[4.693562030792236]
[0.6589897871017456]
[0.7725649476051331]
[1.5125930309295654]
[159.70175170898438]
[3.486811637878418]
[1.8735206127166748]
[1.4705926179885864]
[8.112261772155762]
[0.06745611876249313]
[0.07507994025945663]
[118.84500122070312]
[6.284286975860596]
[1.0806468725204468]
[0.07230188697576523]
[96.3242416381836]
[0.6852637529373169]
[0.05113524571061134]
[0.5272836685180664]
[1.516171932220459]
[2.487781286239624]
[1.4654415845870972]
[5.189785957336426]
[11.92306900024414]
[0.15869945287704468]
[43.489864349365234]
[0.1704867035150528]
[0.6336668133735657]
[66.54590606689453]
[0.5768239498138428]
[0.19187234342098236]
[4.826742649078369]
[1.7859580516815186]
[0.35051095485687256]
[0.10395538061857224]
[0.1698485016822815]
[331.70526123046875]
[0.6889246106147766]
[11.642518043518066]
[15.217923164367676]
[2.034705400466919]
[0.8176125288009644]
[0.41583582758903503]
[0.08723948150873184]
[1.0949084758758545]
[0.6024947166442871]
[0.11380867660045624]
[0.8088531494140625]
[6.120819568634033]
[9.633011817932129]
[5.073544502258301]
[0.08199453353881836]
[0.18676449358463287]
[0.17812100052833557]
[4.818925380706787]
[119.45381927490234]
[2.2529077529907227]
[1.2017512321472168]
[2.373584270477295]
[0.14336968958377838]
[2.8821840286254883]
[0.6986873745918274]
[0.40033379197120667]
[6.330043792724609]
[1.8791475296020508]
[2.200974225997925]
[0.1440000981092453]
[0.07583216577768326]
[2.1088478565216064]
[124.93883514404297]
[0.6956444382667542]
[0.03255104646086693]
[0.7713338732719421]
[2.6617555618286133]
[2.455216407775879]
[60.40797805786133]
[0.4903808832168579]
[103.51929473876953]
[0.03977416828274727]
conversion error
conversion error
[95.1911392211914]
[162.29298400878906]
[11.456809997558594]
[3.3322863578796387]
[0.04195277765393257]
[1.9569752216339111]
[0.8718452453613281]
[16.336267471313477]
[26.932016372680664]
[561.0485229492188]
[1.7005351781845093]
[0.6705998182296753]
[0.11352892965078354]
[102.26643371582031]
[1.7867504358291626]
[0.10088172554969788]
[0.14308758080005646]
[0.13671927154064178]
[32.59111022949219]
[1.315994381904602]
[1.3110170364379883]
[2.9989664554595947]
[0.23633164167404175]
[2.5191025733947754]
[15.849896430969238]
[1.5749081373214722]
[5.7647786140441895]
[3.618844985961914]
[43.55906677246094]
[4.984230995178223]
[0.22479137778282166]
[18.640798568725586]
conversion error
conversion error
[3.2676095962524414]
[15.710101127624512]
[0.20324529707431793]
[0.43716418743133545]
[0.3645779490470886]
[4.090371608734131]
[6.471710205078125]
[38.111289978027344]
[136.55337524414062]
[3.0722320079803467]
[1.138167142868042]
[124.319091796875]
[3.296704053878784]
[0.6723827123641968]
[0.18227672576904297]
[11.222199440002441]
[0.22798441350460052]
[109.78193664550781]
[0.6515936255455017]
[0.219597727060318]
[0.24687927961349487]
[0.11571032553911209]
[11.395162582397461]
[2.202385425567627]
[0.831015408039093]
[2.6575005054473877]
[27.89510726928711]
[0.22383302450180054]
[0.07439769059419632]
[0.06606709212064743]
[5.373230457305908]
[0.06369485706090927]
conversion error
conversion error
[2.5419363975524902]
[0.22827285528182983]
[0.18104568123817444]
[1.980818510055542]
[1.9987800121307373]
[0.08638851344585419]
[2.5181968212127686]
[89.1115493774414]
[0.6678985357284546]
[2.150545597076416]
[29.741029739379883]
[0.12658025324344635]
[4.216954231262207]
[42.810176849365234]
[3.324910879135132]
[97.80150604248047]
[0.09370949864387512]
[154.1613311767578]
[0.11854247003793716]
[0.193393275141716]
[3.507763385772705]
[2.274470567703247]
[3.483872175216675]
[74.72769165039062]
[0.11807836592197418]
[0.9185739159584045]
[5.626467227935791]
[16.030881881713867]
[1.0336781740188599]
[3.866767168045044]
[2.6075496673583984]
[0.9203813672065735]
conversion errordeployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

conversion error
[1.1607086658477783]
[5.432647705078125]
[0.7888573408126831]
[1.6949535608291626]
[14.181622505187988]
[2.7746965885162354]
[2.463372230529785]
[2.7737042903900146]
[32.88936233520508]
[2.342355728149414]
[0.0918600857257843]
[0.19224849343299866]
[0.1372237354516983]
[0.09045752882957458]
[8.470706939697266]
[1.0015416145324707]
[0.06109761819243431]
[0.10925259441137314]
[5.9300642013549805]
[0.08049475401639938]
[2.687300682067871]
[1.6191227436065674]
[9.647416114807129]
[1.013062596321106]
[5.469951629638672]
[2.2148172855377197]
[68.55265808105469]
[1.2383837699890137]
[65.45812225341797]
[0.6516895890235901]
[34.037269592285156]
[0.1091383546590805]
conversion error
[0.8688046336174011]
[2.2047176361083984]
[107.43495178222656]
[0.6702485084533691]
[5.433691024780273]
[40.333587646484375]
[0.055071305483579636]
[2.475189208984375]
[1.2171406745910645]
[2.036405086517334]
[1.6173806190490723]
[4.295791149139404]
[4.721227169036865]
[1.798982858657837]
[0.05183526128530502]
[27.057313919067383]
[3.474194288253784]
[2.3576276302337646]
[1.9859141111373901]
[0.18578499555587769]
[0.08643186837434769]
[0.10303641110658646]
[24.841659545898438]
[0.08772464096546173]
[7.418989658355713]
[2.731743812561035]
[0.20277050137519836]
[0.16968700289726257]
[22.506114959716797]
[0.8934483528137207]
[0.0752032995223999]
[3.1672468185424805]
[10.3755464553833]
[12.5051851272583]
[2.6461565494537354]
[0.04341089725494385]
[19.29622459411621]
[4.53936243057251]
[1.7861113548278809]
[0.09168606996536255]
[2.2113449573516846]
[1.4892578125]
[5.485861778259277]
[1.2767889499664307]
[1.4189051389694214]
[15.758954048156738]
[0.052342481911182404]
[1.5170985460281372]
[4.8320794105529785]
[0.6649528741836548]
[0.4680466949939728]
[0.0631324052810669]
[10.349575996398926]
[4.23985481262207]
[212.9330596923828]
[1.0827299356460571]
[2.1235647201538086]
[1.2874691486358643]
[83.07293701171875]
[2.008338689804077]
[5.532118320465088]
[0.6435216665267944]
[0.8279769420623779]
[2.239445686340332]
[59.61929702758789]
[1.2691905498504639]
[9.584482192993164]
[31.341999053955078]
[0.5782265663146973]
[5.295290946960449]
[101.19436645507812]
[2.5489988327026367]
[0.2250477820634842]
[4.082828521728516]
[2.2052457332611084]
[5.220914363861084]
[0.8625325560569763]
[53.755157470703125]
[68.3850326538086]
[1.9583368301391602]
[3.6251702308654785]
[1.341313123703003]
[0.6794227361679077]
[3.3310577869415283]
[0.08167750388383865]
[94.71808624267578]
[0.23251554369926453]
[22.299707412719727]
[2.2128114700317383]
[2.2032744884490967]
[0.24095574021339417]
[110.62427520751953]
[1.763462781906128]
[20.825956344604492]
[0.08576192706823349]
[0.24969525635242462]
[0.6820112466812134]
[88.79673767089844]
[4.222382545471191]
[9.246423721313477]
[0.8097474575042725]
[0.7068385481834412]
[1.4597500562667847]
[1.3762377500534058]
[0.8262467384338379]
[0.24474996328353882]
[2.0515947341918945]
[0.6977750658988953]
[2.3078911304473877]
[14.145386695861816]
[1.7797372341156006]
[1.4958304166793823]
[0.09971413016319275]
[0.8069689869880676]
[0.6677877902984619]
[0.26290541887283325]
[0.8557088971138]
[102.01702880859375]
[0.09802189469337463]
[107.03923797607422]
[64.8961181640625]
[0.19562062621116638]
[3.146786689758301]
[1.8481974601745605]
[0.09008240699768066]
[5.693163871765137]
[0.6703712344169617]
[2.190493106842041]
[0.17604707181453705]
[2.8525216579437256]
[2.1496541500091553]
[4.917182445526123]
[499.4613342285156]
[0.2665460705757141]
[2.999906301498413]
[0.06364288181066513]
[1.2924964427947998]
[7.308499336242676]
[0.07744254171848297]
[2.8035221099853516]
[5.097318172454834]
[3.563271999359131]
[2.201625108718872]
[2.24003005027771]
[3.2549784183502197]
[6.568246364593506]
[0.89396071434021]
[3.6649200916290283]
[1.75640869140625]
[147.57228088378906]
[2.6000289916992188]
[1.2738044261932373]
[0.7953647375106812]
[1.8849879503250122]
[0.05725899338722229]
[0.05498992279171944]
[3.4511806964874268]
[34.682376861572266]
[0.13090084493160248]
[0.9457029104232788]
[0.24483899772167206]
[0.6864729523658752]
[2.132018566131592]
[0.7643186450004578]
[124.64733123779297]
[1.2259575128555298]
[0.6901838183403015]
[1.5927467346191406]
[0.5452530384063721]
[0.08003698289394379]
[4.541043281555176]
[1.3250726461410522]
[2.540292978286743]
[1.671724557876587]
[2.2736995220184326]
[0.06291146576404572]
[2.7048022747039795]
[2.572962999343872]
[0.22362220287322998]
[2.0672969818115234]
[5.169896125793457]
[2.332249402999878]
[0.054428745061159134]
[0.18338555097579956]
[1.276363730430603]
[15.313199043273926]
[1.5582982301712036]
[1.1929055452346802]
[0.7426477670669556]
[12.726186752319336]
[0.8255602121353149]
[134.08163452148438]
[2.197080373764038]
[2.0469179153442383]
[1.7143951654434204]
[1.963268756866455]
[71.41199493408203]
[2.472184181213379]
[5.184771537780762]
[5.087576866149902]
[5.8346991539001465]
[5.14350700378418]
[0.08226499706506729]
[2.2984049320220947]
[0.7100532054901123]
[9.632168769836426]
[0.3632599115371704]
[3.2246811389923096]
[1.8829247951507568]
[0.5651339292526245]
[0.13222886621952057]
[0.26849013566970825]
[1.2374582290649414]
[14.381235122680664]
[4.406141757965088]
[0.7374460697174072]
[1.6129337549209595]
[0.8589950799942017]
[2.1870996952056885]
[1.6450024843215942]
[1.132431149482727]
[1.8382383584976196]
[171.34645080566406]
[2.2191848754882812]
[17.74899673461914]
[0.6216599941253662]
[0.24450275301933289]
[3.855252981185913]
[0.04753604531288147]
[1.8475149869918823]
[5.887853622436523]
[0.09625614434480667]
[1.6142725944519043]
[0.5037251114845276]
[17.7492733001709]
[1.3975399732589722]
[14.300858497619629]
[1.818986415863037]
[1.0083316564559937]
[0.17278419435024261]
[2.0467307567596436]
[0.9481795430183411]
[1.6773688793182373]
[123.08271789550781]
[2.939666986465454]
[51.27650451660156]
[46.27115249633789]
[72.89202880859375]
[6.176087856292725]
[32.712188720703125]
[1.8847055435180664]
[1.1834958791732788]
[1.6646058559417725]
[54.879150390625]
[93.32244110107422]
[2.6419708728790283]
[9.425773620605469]
[0.05672861263155937]
[5.049841403961182]
[104.40950012207031]
[265.1441345214844]
[3.3279714584350586]
[0.8764183521270752]
[0.315833181142807]
[3.01762318611145]
[5.671289443969727]
[28.218408584594727]
[4.290360450744629]
[13.914955139160156]
[0.12115023285150528]
[1.4765641689300537]
[0.33103373646736145]
[0.30760884284973145]
[3.145737886428833]
[0.15141549706459045]
[12.751936912536621]
[0.07531097531318665]
[118.60293579101562]
[1.7029049396514893]
[0.14510232210159302]
[64.61373901367188]
[2.428431749343872]
[83.37875366210938]
[0.21314285695552826]
[0.10305720567703247]
[45.63811492919922]
[0.1843082457780838]
[1.392491102218628]
[1.4744327068328857]
[11.18897819519043]
[4.134892463684082]
[0.22579234838485718]
[0.5653412938117981]
[8.522406578063965]
[1.3293806314468384]
[3.662184715270996]
[79.4919204711914]
[5.363560676574707]
[5.609967231750488]
[2.8372538089752197]
[2.7724313735961914]
[2.187807083129883]
[0.17499397695064545]
[3.12003755569458]
[3.624000310897827]
[34.88658905029297]
[1.7614130973815918]
[0.12742087244987488]
[501.74822998046875]
[149.91567993164062]
[34.18313217163086]
[0.23225605487823486]
[1.0702381134033203]
[0.21968021988868713]
[0.31929999589920044]
[34.0051383972168]
[0.6727736592292786]
[0.9661116003990173]
[34.89704513549805]
[0.5825508236885071]
[0.1090790331363678]
[0.3253054916858673]
[0.6735829710960388]
[4.2801103591918945]
[0.6312680244445801]
[0.23191095888614655]
[36.557289123535156]
[1.1411856412887573]
[6.15106201171875]
[17.827661514282227]
[0.6071399450302124]
[0.10273683816194534]
[0.2209354043006897]
[4.770159721374512]
[0.30236560106277466]
[2.2595059871673584]
[4.754162788391113]
[7.810993194580078]
[0.22336217761039734]
[0.8245699405670166]
[4.271652698516846]
[13.521252632141113]
[0.16556905210018158]
[3.274731159210205]
[5.13713264465332]
[2.2075858116149902]
[6.05661153793335]
[15.766858100891113]
[1.0590176582336426]
[0.15243197977542877]
[0.7137538194656372]
[128.2409210205078]
[4.140043258666992]
[100.9280776977539]
[1.3101718425750732]
[76.91510009765625]
[0.8238587975502014]
[1.3997856378555298]
[0.2247582972049713]
[0.10911761224269867]
[1.4142348766326904]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.648618757724762]
[1.5464552640914917]
[0.7561938762664795]
[11.262659072875977]
[0.9618998169898987]
[0.7243373990058899]
[17.891939163208008]
[6.0687713623046875]
[0.6923452615737915]
[118.39958190917969]
[17.833616256713867]
[10.650578498840332]
[0.11894161999225616]
[5.373088836669922]
[55.40605926513672]
[1.7320029735565186]
[0.44649738073349]
[0.6050390601158142]
[2.042200803756714]
[0.2190772294998169]
[0.2631588280200958]
[0.08976878970861435]
[3.2045066356658936]
[90.39457702636719]
[0.11745857447385788]
[0.15520070493221283]
[1.3803128004074097]
[13.989013671875]
[3.9549341201782227]
[2.351133346557617]
[1.0152181386947632]
[2.227644920349121]
[2.7783384323120117]
[2.6144309043884277]
[0.5651776790618896]
[20.631122589111328]
[0.9916286468505859]
[3.481590986251831]
[0.6738839149475098]
[1.4722820520401]
[0.10523667931556702]
[68.52444458007812]
[0.3774302005767822]
[0.5880805850028992]
[1.2263305187225342]
[12.745251655578613]
[445.7965087890625]
[5.996814727783203]
[0.27214428782463074]
[1.1292208433151245]
[0.10614518076181412]
[4.603112697601318]
[0.1452782303094864]
[1.2955206632614136]
[39.511436462402344]
[0.9553337693214417]
[1.6167314052581787]
[4.674712657928467]
[17.04974937438965]
[3.538426399230957]
[1.657827615737915]
[1.7935991287231445]
[1.2305967807769775]
[3.069063425064087]
[16.194583892822266]
[1.1123147010803223]
[4.987361907958984]
[84.77950286865234]
[12.238040924072266]
[1.6894019842147827]
[10.30634880065918]
[12.678067207336426]
[4.46890115737915]
[0.15449175238609314]
[1.7429804801940918]
[2.3252599239349365]
[0.5702783465385437]
[0.8642480373382568]
[1.296579122543335]
[0.7271205186843872]
[0.12608754634857178]
[0.12893255054950714]
[0.5062513947486877]
[17.304790496826172]
[139.39625549316406]
[123.07412719726562]
[2.4082138538360596]
[128.71151733398438]
[0.7918891906738281]
[71.56405639648438]
[4.876848220825195]
[1.2974839210510254]
[2.1347129344940186]
[5.871316909790039]
[1.4753228425979614]
[48.107486724853516]
[3.383262872695923]
[0.7299080491065979]
[1.0025664567947388]
[0.23347359895706177]
[0.12817485630512238]
[2.312187671661377]
[5.8288750648498535]
[0.8643825650215149]
[31.86388397216797]
[0.4391847848892212]
[2.425579786300659]
[2.128180503845215]
[2.8053929805755615]
[0.12467701733112335]
[2.044736862182617]
[11.779257774353027]
[1.7267200946807861]
[57.65065383911133]
[47.619476318359375]
[73.13270568847656]
[1.7680816650390625]
[4.033651828765869]
[0.8382229804992676]
[4.578254699707031]
[137.55348205566406]
[0.24976612627506256]
[3.704294443130493]
[0.34204384684562683]
[41.10337448120117]
[2.220396041870117]
[0.08303247392177582]
[2.362107515335083]
[10.428216934204102]
[25.382675170898438]
[1.9349448680877686]
[0.18404731154441833]
[0.12605147063732147]
[8.321317672729492]
[3.773754835128784]
[1.1762291193008423]
[5.673655986785889]
[1.0891468524932861]
[18.85049057006836]
[3.1493985652923584]
[2.6508166790008545]
[0.37191715836524963]
[19.35837173461914]
[0.7111615538597107]
[0.38348251581192017]
[2.3817520141601562]
[1.5350819826126099]
[118.00152587890625]
[0.6729232668876648]
[3.3234217166900635]
[0.4601641595363617]
[0.08941078186035156]
[0.4003548324108124]
[51.110389709472656]
[0.1961323618888855]
[14.418085098266602]
[0.4498603343963623]
[1.6463199853897095]
[6.979389190673828]
[0.10001365840435028]
[43.536155700683594]
[2.5257065296173096]
[16.32299041748047]
[25.737098693847656]
[3.282729148864746]
[1.6395291090011597]
[2.1259143352508545]
[32.589576721191406]
[0.2557729482650757]
[0.9325631856918335]
[0.12537086009979248]
[5.032449722290039]
[11.109903335571289]
[10.565385818481445]
[0.7613151669502258]
[0.2679647207260132]
[0.19587524235248566]
[24.403024673461914]
[0.22526231408119202]
[31.298416137695312]
[0.7157222628593445]
[0.8521345257759094]
[0.09827640652656555]
[1.2910090684890747]
[41.9212760925293]
[53.62299346923828]
[0.14893145859241486]
[0.20854070782661438]
[0.10590628534555435]
[13.295252799987793]
[1.7465558052062988]
[0.07420036941766739]
[0.8632400035858154]
[0.20617356896400452]
[0.7189649343490601]
[0.09851875901222229]
[0.15244588255882263]
[2.4453611373901367]
[0.19208964705467224]
[369.7695007324219]
[3.4557650089263916]
[0.09020035713911057]
[6.079938888549805]
[1.3341130018234253]
[0.5601548552513123]
[0.7972221374511719]
[5.276630878448486]
[0.0671544000506401]
[0.2560395300388336]
[0.6073728203773499]
[0.282324880361557]
[12.184070587158203]
[11.07535171508789]
[2.296494960784912]
[6.572409152984619]
[0.06901039928197861]
[0.13316130638122559]
[45.48122024536133]
[1.505110263824463]
[0.13473805785179138]
[1.3691885471343994]
[144.43751525878906]
[2.7088751792907715]
[9.56564712524414]
[41.779396057128906]
[0.057708490639925]
[5.599517822265625]
[0.6276552081108093]
[5.640683174133301]
[0.8143383264541626]
[1.0981594324111938]
[1.3672579526901245]
[0.11476387828588486]
[9.519640922546387]
[125.47801971435547]
[0.6764163374900818]
[0.5497817993164062]
[0.11530181765556335]
[40.13511657714844]
[2.0987708568573]
[0.05830259248614311]
[271.4538879394531]
[39.59185791015625]
[0.882178783416748]
[1.7573210000991821]
[100.11997985839844]
[0.5235257744789124]
[0.07788999378681183]
[2.526071310043335]
[0.19819355010986328]
[2.104185104370117]
[2.1183347702026367]
[56.68071365356445]
[2.1291255950927734]
[0.8669130206108093]
[46.20389175415039]
[29.90436363220215]
[3.693422317504883]
[0.8275565505027771]
[219.78753662109375]
[0.813748836517334]
[3.868220567703247]
[35.039695739746094]
[0.19523200392723083]
[1.7665082216262817]
[0.8077136874198914]
[0.22928652167320251]
[77.06282043457031]
[2.433260917663574]
[110.47402954101562]
[47.672767639160156]
[0.30728575587272644]
[0.16578613221645355]
[10.126608848571777]
[38.738704681396484]
[0.07873347401618958]
[50.66278839111328]
[22.256790161132812]
[0.2821732759475708]
[9.40807819366455]
[2.3403706550598145]
[4.018031597137451]
[0.1509220153093338]
[0.5865722894668579]
[2.7249622344970703]
[2.4517433643341064]
[0.3317388594150543]
[0.867411196231842]
[1.1069315671920776]
[0.11815128475427628]
[11.741105079650879]
[4.2417988777160645]
[35.55531311035156]
[0.11080711334943771]
[0.10640560835599899]
[0.19540557265281677]
[17.84680938720703]
[0.13654465973377228]
[3.1114118099212646]
[1.1506088972091675]
[0.12841087579727173]
[3.539663314819336]
[0.909691572189331]
[118.20606231689453]
[0.753685474395752]
[0.11735797673463821]
[3.537123441696167]
[76.98309326171875]
[0.5560939908027649]
[38.0689582824707]
[2.5575876235961914]
[0.12462544441223145]
[0.6847264170646667]
[5.923077583312988]
[42.566062927246094]
[0.1616489738225937]
[0.10052713751792908]
[5.693043231964111]
[6.041776657104492]
[0.2691527307033539]
[3.7857162952423096]
[2.0922369956970215]
[0.9375346302986145]
[0.8324275016784668]
[0.1212092712521553]
[1.961868166923523]
[1.1616129875183105]
[4.4725751876831055]
[109.9546127319336]
[2.729381799697876]
[4.124689102172852]
[0.10253690928220749]
[9.905876159667969]
[0.7581288814544678]
[0.21817804872989655]
[3.132702112197876]
[2.172483444213867]
[2.2011454105377197]
[140.83787536621094]
[2.7379462718963623]
[2.574464797973633]
[6.692388534545898]
[3.1805496215820312]
[1.1019737720489502]
[94.80541229248047]
[1.4345241785049438]
[2.3020498752593994]
[1.3674447536468506]
[0.8696792125701904]
[0.24774210155010223]
[0.553508996963501]
[2.0748140811920166]
[2.1660170555114746]
[24.987504959106445]
[4.540228366851807]
[2.3875670433044434]
[2.4489707946777344]
[0.07584676891565323]
[41.508941650390625]
[1.3619298934936523]
[1.3311266899108887]
[1.3585035800933838]
[15.564840316772461]
[6.21429443359375]
[0.17442384362220764]
[8.538888931274414]
[0.14539165794849396]
[0.08805153518915176]
[0.8018608093261719]
[0.07180963456630707]
[0.061455998569726944]
[1.3136383295059204]
[1.0885738134384155]
[2.6625311374664307]
[2.0859830379486084]
[0.6885615587234497]
[1.9365239143371582]
[38.171268463134766]
[0.5454942584037781]
[1.0749058723449707]
[0.05480562150478363]
[0.8959696888923645]
[1.3034764528274536]
[19.402385711669922]
[3.594301462173462]
[1.5616804361343384]
[0.08191993087530136]
[3.510451078414917]
[2.046168565750122]
[1.470486044883728]
[1.8852202892303467]
[34.75059509277344]
[0.22040481865406036]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[1.7797819375991821]
[13.581799507141113]
[0.5489143133163452]
[1.4649887084960938]
[0.11914638429880142]
[1.8083961009979248]
[1.8771055936813354]
[0.1822335124015808]
[0.589880108833313]
[16.034278869628906]
[7.845731258392334]
[0.10598281025886536]
[1.7376006841659546]
[0.9263198971748352]
[0.4417915344238281]
[0.06542165577411652]
[0.039574455469846725]
[0.09117981046438217]
[0.04697607457637787]
[4.316877841949463]
[0.1842462420463562]
[1.086237907409668]
[1.138039469718933]
[0.4566379487514496]
[1.179462194442749]
[0.6207382082939148]
[53.7391357421875]
[1.1144832372665405]
[0.5221449136734009]
[34.93474197387695]
[3.266221046447754]
[4.412010669708252]
[5.446915149688721]
[0.87518310546875]
[0.22406105697155]
[0.0459701269865036]
[3.963897943496704]
[1.1776556968688965]
[0.12202863395214081]
[1.8367730379104614]
[0.7579429745674133]
[0.793119490146637]
[41.45780944824219]
[3.0719668865203857]
[0.7492269277572632]
[1.192692756652832]
[5.5679521560668945]
[1.137615442276001]
[1.3703466653823853]
[0.17594294250011444]
[1.0660545825958252]
[6.799731254577637]
[0.07749208062887192]
[0.041470300406217575]
[1.264899492263794]
[1.311712622642517]
[1.534969449043274]
[0.35721468925476074]
[0.6870899200439453]
[0.6503025889396667]
[14.569963455200195]
[0.05594594404101372]
[0.05576147884130478]
[0.03526126593351364]
[19.09882926940918]
[0.05858904868364334]
[0.3135461211204529]
[0.04813969135284424]
[0.04571716487407684]
[4.124855995178223]
[7.935875415802002]
[52.07053756713867]
[4.100282192230225]
[0.05621098354458809]
[0.25830385088920593]
[0.047916192561388016]
[7.826351165771484]
[1.8410900831222534]
[0.9290764331817627]
[0.2933875024318695]
[0.5775654911994934]
[0.6672611236572266]
[0.2273039072751999]
[0.4054047465324402]
[0.18748821318149567]
[0.6085990071296692]
[75.93251037597656]
[4.051315784454346]
[0.8112062215805054]
[4.046089172363281]
[0.8079225420951843]
[1.1460272073745728]
[0.021085228770971298]
[0.020347068086266518]
[0.17404399812221527]
[6.090085506439209]
[0.06317202001810074]
[291.5409240722656]
[12.833312034606934]
[0.20151910185813904]
[1.8452187776565552]
[5.330265522003174]
[37.588714599609375]
[0.3514094948768616]
[0.09914394468069077]
[0.9821853041648865]
[1.1412502527236938]
[2.1993093490600586]
[1.9328007698059082]
[3.1432085037231445]
conversion error
conversion error
[68.45890045166016]
[45.84367370605469]
[121.29444122314453]
[1.8726168870925903]
[2.311347246170044]
[2.762172222137451]
[0.8442094326019287]
[4.009735584259033]
[55.505367279052734]
[0.2771487236022949]
[0.04206365719437599]
[9.659043312072754]
[74.52638244628906]
[2.0431013107299805]
[36.446598052978516]
[3.1719298362731934]
[0.2776377201080322]
[133.88548278808594]
[19.52210807800293]
[2.1246399879455566]
[2.7265841960906982]
[112.46078491210938]
[6.369733810424805]
[1.8732562065124512]
[2.5896706581115723]
[44.49093246459961]
[4.025419235229492]
[0.24008789658546448]
[0.1756337732076645]
[0.7358584403991699]
[0.9102019667625427]
[0.2994740605354309]
conversion error
conversion error
[243.2953643798828]
[4.983028411865234]
[367.44195556640625]
[49.06583023071289]
[5.122422695159912]
[0.1737169623374939]
[10.139294624328613]
[115.32352447509766]
[23.675355911254883]
[9.973021507263184]
[0.8848795890808105]
[3.96661376953125]
[39.4310188293457]
[27.368389129638672]
[0.3371320962905884]
[0.10793332755565643]
[16.317153930664062]
[0.6243431568145752]
[31.955495834350586]
[5.876988410949707]
[0.381835401058197]
[0.09244345873594284]
[115.01866912841797]
[34.1245002746582]
[43.51429748535156]
[20.187255859375]
[3.2202463150024414]
[3.4476146697998047]
[105.53487396240234]
[1.0177644491195679]
[25.069551467895508]
[0.08696644753217697]
conversion error
[95.79331970214844]
[53.42449188232422]
[2.331768751144409]
[3.4566195011138916]
[4.1198883056640625]
[0.24439401924610138]
[0.20189395546913147]
[4.122254371643066]
[0.5141952037811279]
[2.160193681716919]
[0.6815130114555359]
[3.441211462020874]
[4.142105579376221]
[3.7667832374572754]
[0.10527423769235611]
[0.11414298415184021]
[3.2551496028900146]
[68.93254089355469]
[10.383724212646484]
[3.8052279949188232]
[2.7622649669647217]
[120.39930725097656]
[3.109858989715576]
[0.042541492730379105]
[8.760261535644531]
[5.918685436248779]
[2.024454116821289]
[1.5217667818069458]
[1.0968496799468994]
[17.468826293945312]
[2.9658119678497314]
[0.6729390025138855]
[0.06432506442070007]
[346.1634521484375]
[0.6963023543357849]
[3.7751290798187256]
[3.033601760864258]
[0.13379664719104767]
[1.3873106241226196]
[0.2918953597545624]
[0.972256600856781]
[26.8064022064209]
[5.455341339111328]
[4.6808180809021]
[3.54569673538208]
[65.1381607055664]
[3.346285104751587]
[6.970556259155273]
[2.817667007446289]
[12.555091857910156]
[7.279196262359619]
[142.30508422851562]
[4.49264669418335]
[3.5145630836486816]
[3.5933849811553955]
[3.0707287788391113]
[0.7716655731201172]
[4.75771951675415]
[1.3891721963882446]
[1.6497501134872437]
[34.72261047363281]
[1.1791912317276]
[1.154565691947937]
[6.195953845977783]
[2.5451958179473877]
[2.074639081954956]
[0.2418094426393509]
[38.796016693115234]
[1.355845332145691]
[0.08108264207839966]
[370.30145263671875]
[0.24972574412822723]
[0.06397565454244614]
[0.8412752747535706]
[3.994511127471924]
[64.1826400756836]
[55.671871185302734]
[4.144236087799072]
[45.041316986083984]
[0.8109943270683289]
[1.127983570098877]
[0.09655952453613281]
[0.7300546169281006]
[0.14281322062015533]
[1.9297219514846802]
[12.849434852600098]
[0.21481165289878845]
[9.365837097167969]
[0.22926980257034302]
[0.21022318303585052]
[37.17534255981445]
[5.462818622589111]
[7.595097064971924]
[1.341424822807312]
[3.7466135025024414]
[0.8862727880477905]
[0.08733360469341278]
[4.036141872406006]
[0.9010288119316101]
[33.866966247558594]
[0.17792055010795593]
[1.8049060106277466]
[0.28443318605422974]
[2.633828639984131]
[0.061990976333618164]
[0.09239989519119263]
[11.70423698425293]
[2.460381507873535]
[0.05099090561270714]
[0.17953424155712128]
[8.731734275817871]
[2.834407329559326]
[2.0269792079925537]
[5.892852306365967]
[4.638117790222168]
[0.6185064911842346]
[4.18593692779541]
[369.925537109375]
[2.168797016143799]
[0.1519009917974472]
[1.0560684204101562]
[36.24959945678711]
[0.5584123730659485]
[3.1164231300354004]
[0.09057706594467163]
[0.08130880445241928]
[0.2887771427631378]
[0.053893379867076874]
[124.14154052734375]
[0.07638241350650787]
[0.10601422935724258]
[0.9304931163787842]
[54.1485595703125]
[0.1337651014328003]
[12.48083782196045]
[2.3213298320770264]
[4.628452777862549]
[0.6111201047897339]
[0.2413678914308548]
[3.271240234375]
[0.05915958434343338]
[10.002613067626953]
[2.8141982555389404]
[114.0313491821289]
[5.881286144256592]
[23.895736694335938]
[2.47279953956604]
[0.054854173213243484]
[2.2827773094177246]
[0.08089593797922134]
[0.05658756196498871]
[0.5271718502044678]
[21.545106887817383]
[336.9768371582031]
[36.229244232177734]
[0.1893165409564972]
[1.2178008556365967]
[101.25421142578125]
[33.369911193847656]
[4.2255144119262695]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.15412381291389465]
[4.022487640380859]
[8.057682037353516]
[2.95754337310791]
[108.34015655517578]
[30.446823120117188]
[0.11719802767038345]
[2.865288019180298]
[0.8016291260719299]
[2.1461877822875977]
[27.75674057006836]
[82.9946060180664]
[1.193986415863037]
[3.6616759300231934]
[2.467496633529663]
[7.074634552001953]
[3.506654977798462]
[0.925850510597229]
[115.58361053466797]
[3.5877268314361572]
[2.2343289852142334]
[1.131223201751709]
[0.15980401635169983]
[0.2461233288049698]
[4.261483669281006]
[10.309327125549316]
[0.2986272871494293]
[2.9601356983184814]
[0.14899694919586182]
[41.790802001953125]
[0.4285062551498413]
[2.5529065132141113]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.8437439203262329]
[0.243382528424263]
[1.7940618991851807]
[46.65616226196289]
[5.269698619842529]
[9.009669303894043]
[2.994033098220825]
[34.521549224853516]
[2.66937255859375]
[0.7418698668479919]
[35.956092834472656]
[36.44330978393555]
[21.990156173706055]
[5.101354598999023]
[47.76750183105469]
[2.6507985591888428]
[29.673084259033203]
[0.08429579436779022]
[11.528843879699707]
[37.497413635253906]
[3.184636116027832]
[13.155457496643066]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.38932308554649353]
[0.06117471307516098]
[0.08717699348926544]
[0.07597403228282928]
[0.8621439933776855]
[1.438868522644043]
[2.966778516769409]
[1.3550631999969482]
[0.11427079886198044]
[86.62716674804688]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.11944101005792618]
[2.5507051944732666]
[3.535048246383667]
[0.18485498428344727]
[68.08639526367188]
[0.04329686239361763]
[297.9481506347656]
[3.4380767345428467]
[0.3155256509780884]
[1.898088812828064]
[0.10209038853645325]
[0.6516261100769043]
[0.08234842121601105]
[2.5030202865600586]
[3.7844765186309814]
[2.0167274475097656]
[2.8612215518951416]
[0.7679322957992554]
[3.6519293785095215]
[207.61111450195312]
[0.06990557909011841]
[0.09485699981451035]
[20.36717414855957]
[2.864548444747925]
[0.10177721828222275]
[3.3241071701049805]
[1.1622432470321655]
[1.466455340385437]
[7.695218563079834]
[5.2373833656311035]
[0.07284092903137207]
[0.26423022150993347]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.24002456665039062]
[0.7359369397163391]
[1.1825546026229858]
[2.8586225509643555]
[230.0629119873047]
[0.11618222296237946]
[0.0836455225944519]
[3.4637537002563477]
[58.88971710205078]
[0.2590847313404083]
[0.1016705110669136]
[2.8404932022094727]
[3.1181163787841797]
[0.20192499458789825]
[2.6736538410186768]
[1.6912553310394287]
[0.2714267671108246]
[2.0581533908843994]
[4.690669059753418]
[131.4385986328125]
[3.0484561920166016]
[1.377415418624878]
[4.360029697418213]
[2.198291778564453]
[1.7943567037582397]
[0.4987073838710785]
[6.597527980804443]
[0.39540672302246094]
[2.1783950328826904]
[142.7471466064453]
[79.95587158203125]
[41.215824127197266]
conversion error
conversion error
[2.4471728801727295]
[29.042984008789062]
[3.9047248363494873]
[0.3645842373371124]
[0.3403509259223938]
[0.48281630873680115]
[5.933284282684326]
[87.88626098632812]
[0.8015577793121338]
[7.769749164581299]
[7.211363315582275]
[4.192762851715088]
[3.2529218196868896]
[0.28555572032928467]
[60.515377044677734]
[0.541586697101593]
[1.3139501810073853]
[2.999016761779785]
[0.202311173081398]
[0.36725932359695435]
[1.9491240978240967]
[0.21198594570159912]
[1.2074556350708008]
[1.8454192876815796]
[2.07064151763916]
[12.352825164794922]
[354.61956787109375]
[0.18488256633281708]
[9.255504608154297]
[0.28039249777793884]
[2.338017225265503]
[3.525697946548462]
conversion error
conversion error
[0.23701319098472595]
[1.0158970355987549]
[0.1236506998538971]
[0.29992714524269104]
[0.2873005270957947]
[3.3796985149383545]
[0.8573404550552368]
[3.1602306365966797]
[4.346696853637695]
[38.975521087646484]
[0.33573418855667114]
[0.8709337115287781]
[0.18137896060943604]
[0.17990460991859436]
[0.1523846983909607]
[0.9044271111488342]
[0.15300238132476807]
[91.74271392822266]
[0.22446268796920776]
[0.7095345258712769]
[0.11586939543485641]
[0.12292677164077759]
[0.9486637711524963]
[4.75187873840332]
[12.664880752563477]
[19.194202423095703]
[0.7310505509376526]
[41.010196685791016]
[1.3617030382156372]
[2.2520017623901367]
[46.762325286865234]
[2.305540084838867]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.7602970600128174]
[5.833442211151123]
[0.10597611218690872]
[3.725860357284546]
[0.22823843359947205]
[1.8172487020492554]
[3.5405564308166504]
[6.045981407165527]
[0.13468444347381592]
[0.1122148409485817]
[2.6729421615600586]
[2.2614216804504395]
[3.989528179168701]
[2.699981927871704]
[0.06556294858455658]
[34.709800720214844]
[6.136701583862305]
[8.241092681884766]
[0.6371697783470154]
[2.931868553161621]
[1.1028447151184082]
[0.7739118337631226]
[0.6860608458518982]
[0.06134932115674019]
[0.12040883302688599]
[0.5658877491950989]
[0.9064153432846069]
[0.1727561205625534]
[2.113662004470825]
[1.56452214717865]
[95.4883804321289]
[3.549762487411499]
[4.040887832641602]
[2.585714101791382]
[23.04376983642578]
[0.05805275961756706]
[2.7509987354278564]
[289.06024169921875]
[2.7802133560180664]
[0.27158597111701965]
[0.9434890747070312]
[0.10678312927484512]
[0.09857435524463654]
[2.2404730319976807]
[97.18791198730469]
[1.5005583763122559]
[7.977585315704346]
[0.06583288311958313]
[7.01133918762207]
[2.8831589221954346]
[6.750054359436035]
[0.10393166542053223]
[5.732532978057861]
[135.1811065673828]
[2.065826654434204]
[0.7986283898353577]
[1.4381033182144165]
[2.9497029781341553]
[4.2308878898620605]
[66.07452392578125]
[2.6595306396484375]
[34.559627532958984]
[38.758785247802734]
[1.8470937013626099]
[0.7101919651031494]
[0.8088198304176331]
[0.7199724316596985]
[0.15624408423900604]
[0.1634419858455658]
[2.690582513809204]
[1.8965128660202026]
[2.2235682010650635]
[0.09074490517377853]
[0.3410177528858185]
[0.765017569065094]
[1.623793125152588]
[19.370101928710938]
[0.12870927155017853]
[0.8109067678451538]
[0.8969593644142151]
[84.33399200439453]
[9.741332054138184]
[0.20602455735206604]
[30.000415802001953]
[1.8434195518493652]
[0.8102036118507385]
[7.737518310546875]
[66.0765151977539]
[1.3378416299819946]
[112.64901733398438]
[42.16521072387695]
[1.9875378608703613]
[1.6676361560821533]
[0.14453528821468353]
[21.240407943725586]
[5.257165431976318]
[1.137790560722351]
[0.5113701224327087]
[0.5903078317642212]
[1.8992236852645874]
[1.675532341003418]
[0.0796598270535469]
[70.88874816894531]
[0.6363133788108826]
[5.791464328765869]
[107.99116516113281]
[2.1303811073303223]
[2.531588315963745]
[0.16491863131523132]
[18.435108184814453]
[0.9678807258605957]
[0.04864785075187683]
[1.3988549709320068]
[0.4171263575553894]
[0.12947171926498413]
[0.6287711262702942]
[1.4394291639328003]
[281.5235595703125]
[1.7826260328292847]
[0.1654038280248642]
[1.3916243314743042]
[0.0924564078450203]
[258.5669250488281]
[0.1696459800004959]
[0.9310954809188843]
[4.895288944244385]
[2.293881416320801]
[1.5196921825408936]
[2.748344659805298]
[0.6658439040184021]
[3.881826877593994]
[1.7332595586776733]
[1.1440500020980835]
[1.4562792778015137]
[0.10387066751718521]
[0.3491186201572418]
[6.290234565734863]
[6.7218804359436035]
[122.86665344238281]
[4.234327793121338]
[34.172969818115234]
[1.0016635656356812]
[0.0626385435461998]
[2.9805545806884766]
[0.04202256351709366]
[1.6110925674438477]
[1.056235671043396]
[2.0953876972198486]
[0.04314412921667099]
[0.7309104204177856]
[6.311209678649902]
[0.061477452516555786]
[2.042330741882324]
[5.959129810333252]
[2.9090416431427]
[2.567584753036499]
[0.04022283852100372]
[0.1272878795862198]
[6.273688793182373]
[3.7147161960601807]
[1.7246572971343994]
[0.09528300911188126]
[0.6240037679672241]
[0.11154413223266602]
[1.6284712553024292]
[0.08572551608085632]
[35.538116455078125]
[0.25565633177757263]
[11.490772247314453]
[0.8504850268363953]
[0.38068005442619324]
[3.514475107192993]
[108.87481689453125]
[5.4872941970825195]
[173.85086059570312]
[0.047286584973335266]
[0.06456737220287323]
[0.08221282064914703]
[0.1029958724975586]
[82.5014877319336]
[0.09069255739450455]
[2.1859357357025146]
[5.957633018493652]
[5.867359161376953]
[0.2907520532608032]
[7.077030181884766]
[101.27342987060547]
[93.11509704589844]
[2.7215404510498047]
[16.416078567504883]
[1.0894992351531982]
[0.16512760519981384]
[0.04534547030925751]
[0.06767182797193527]
[16.432477951049805]
[2.5831451416015625]
[2.9673752784729004]
[118.9490737915039]
[11.755576133728027]
[3.9455137252807617]
[73.58663940429688]
[80.46241760253906]
[0.12270379811525345]
[0.9827113151550293]
[1.1355979442596436]
[11.753708839416504]
[1.0427912473678589]
[0.1598147600889206]
[0.051850274205207825]
[0.12438453733921051]
[0.049859341233968735]
[7.16146183013916]
[3.0300633907318115]
[11.536642074584961]
[2.1544911861419678]
[138.36135864257812]
[2.822384834289551]
[59.76327133178711]
[1.617201805114746]
[2.1343088150024414]
[4.278090476989746]
[68.96044158935547]
[71.59919738769531]
[38.48070526123047]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[2.7161219120025635]
[43.836124420166016]
[34.24574279785156]
[2.056821346282959]
[0.0963791087269783]
[0.10368143767118454]
[76.6479721069336]
[47.4656982421875]
[6.0971479415893555]
[0.2905297577381134]deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps "docker-snort" deleted
deployment.apps/docker-snort created
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated
deployment.apps/docker-snort resource requirements updated

[0.5585864782333374]
[68.87318420410156]
[0.6747411489486694]
[4.229859828948975]
[3.7861907482147217]
[0.1271684765815735]
[1.134629726409912]
[3.785189151763916]
[13.376764297485352]
[1.483493685722351]
[0.8667741417884827]
[3.384199857711792]
[0.1448005586862564]
[0.05639185756444931]
[0.08280430734157562]
[0.09521353989839554]
[0.09469639509916306]
[1.765987753868103]
[20.53376007080078]
[0.1305973082780838]
[2.7021090984344482]
[0.7689911723136902]
conversion error
conversion error
[3.3969812393188477]
[3.1045236587524414]
[2.8201117515563965]
[86.30632019042969]
[1.0013768672943115]
[31.998031616210938]
[3.030851364135742]
[7.094458103179932]
[1.9731866121292114]
[3.79365873336792]
[2.547048568725586]
[2.570688247680664]
[0.10143206268548965]
[1.49556565284729]
[0.25820988416671753]
[1.2681491374969482]
[0.7490373253822327]
[21.9788818359375]
[2.3463869094848633]
[374.931640625]
[0.8033943176269531]
[3.0849575996398926]
[0.1712762862443924]
[1.2058781385421753]
[0.15182603895664215]
[0.08750040084123611]
[42.421356201171875]
[2.2461020946502686]
[0.965944766998291]
[35.459190368652344]
[0.15065954625606537]
[107.03515625]
[0.2949537932872772]
[63.70051193237305]
[0.1090921089053154]
[3.539435386657715]
[1.9125645160675049]
[0.7433311343193054]
[17.517574310302734]
[3.253552198410034]
[0.06307047605514526]
[283.1118469238281]
[45.887447357177734]
[0.7317200303077698]
[0.2618386745452881]
[3.2510106563568115]
[0.10677562654018402]
[5.4775519371032715]
[11.5073881149292]
[0.563406765460968]
[1.2496752738952637]
[4.722797870635986]
[0.07683105766773224]
[4.8944010734558105]
[51.33248519897461]
[0.11396434903144836]
[3.896918535232544]
[2.539066791534424]
[0.08567283302545547]
[4.152902126312256]
[0.6837835907936096]
[1.0842880010604858]
[0.7565807104110718]
[0.19724710285663605]
[69.58212280273438]
[9.197484016418457]
[0.04315224289894104]
[1.981798529624939]
[2.6635499000549316]
[2.1784660816192627]
[0.9683890342712402]
[0.7975631952285767]
[0.062102384865283966]
[7.693103790283203]
[0.5727015137672424]
[131.6348114013672]
[0.0323123075067997]
[3.2246744632720947]
[1.6401084661483765]
[0.15208140015602112]
[1.7630019187927246]
[216.9482421875]
[20.87155532836914]
[0.4611552357673645]
[2.3792378902435303]
[25.372058868408203]
[6.18887996673584]
[0.126885786652565]
[10.68617057800293]
[0.89141845703125]
[0.05550573393702507]
[25.977279663085938]
[0.8144277334213257]
[2.0538365840911865]
[0.2776291072368622]
[1.0711259841918945]
[86.94202423095703]
[0.5606664419174194]
[0.32002192735671997]
[1.3872872591018677]
[0.05177305266261101]
[0.07928046584129333]
[1.4893176555633545]
[0.05200017988681793]
[0.08725664019584656]
[11.389141082763672]
[89.2715835571289]
[21.084821701049805]
[113.15319061279297]
[1.7130208015441895]
[15.988675117492676]
[0.656930148601532]
[0.05015986040234566]
[3.9957516193389893]
[28.816486358642578]
[0.5772491693496704]
[0.11155384033918381]
[0.05470043048262596]
[1.3944820165634155]
[1.4902136325836182]
[2.433753728866577]
[1.8815995454788208]
[1.1393346786499023]
[0.20297560095787048]
[75.42501831054688]
[0.9995288252830505]
[4.176617622375488]
[0.04237239062786102]
[94.75206756591797]
[0.6008889079093933]
[1.7106059789657593]
[46.292205810546875]
[0.05517973005771637]
[0.04598262161016464]
[0.7923968434333801]
[1.5893523693084717]
[40.870357513427734]
[0.6519870162010193]
[0.6939761638641357]
[82.81523132324219]
[4.525048732757568]
[2.6276419162750244]
[5.053449630737305]
[0.2841302752494812]
[3.3171658515930176]
[1.3854038715362549]
[4.902721405029297]
[236.23812866210938]
[63.003231048583984]
[37.692142486572266]
[0.24422650039196014]
[3.4283390045166016]
[124.65396118164062]
[3.590701103210449]
[0.1504136472940445]
[2.232189416885376]
[0.2849389910697937]
[0.22741547226905823]
[0.08468270301818848]
[4.66810417175293]
[0.698665976524353]
[0.7643453478813171]
[64.53469848632812]
[0.2152659296989441]
[5.6334309577941895]
[605.7284545898438]
[52.31632995605469]
[0.06646063923835754]
[4.1263556480407715]
[0.15751349925994873]
[48.100372314453125]
[382.6337585449219]
[37.63722610473633]
[1.2046403884887695]
[0.6941463947296143]
[0.16226938366889954]
[2.103120803833008]
[0.5127537846565247]
[0.1684187650680542]
[0.17406992614269257]
[1.33498215675354]
[0.20492520928382874]
[1.1504337787628174]
[6.5971198081970215]
[4.822993755340576]
[3.31068754196167]
[0.3261605203151703]
[0.1976691037416458]
[4.090298652648926]
[0.5865971446037292]
[7.263205528259277]
[17.060630798339844]
[3.00297474861145]
[0.8579807877540588]
[0.2979532778263092]
[46.31133270263672]
[1.6735376119613647]
[4.167845726013184]
[8.775374412536621]
[0.4271894693374634]
[183.28189086914062]
[6.1696553230285645]
[2.6637279987335205]
[9.490102767944336]
[308.3504943847656]
[2.1197762489318848]
[0.12219282239675522]
[5.720160484313965]
[2.308425188064575]
[2.072324275970459]
[0.2118392139673233]
[42.58342742919922]
[0.39250507950782776]
[3.2666590213775635]
[5.660585880279541]
[0.502334475517273]
[3.2946832180023193]
[0.26501208543777466]
[0.4156736135482788]
[3.981351375579834]
[2.3730013370513916]
[5.337738037109375]
[0.16650347411632538]
[4.412105083465576]
[63.366188049316406]
[109.5779037475586]
[7.250208854675293]
[3.3836960792541504]
[0.2233140766620636]
[0.18190275132656097]
[22.690956115722656]
[4.8462724685668945]
[37.82747268676758]
[12.288000106811523]
[9.048688888549805]
[13.226754188537598]
[3.8137383460998535]
[8.079815864562988]
[4.796355247497559]
[6.689320087432861]
[213.64218139648438]
[1.357214093208313]
[2.7682888507843018]
[37.43678283691406]
[4.846919059753418]
[0.21093697845935822]
[4.828851222991943]
[0.1034223809838295]
[0.6879386305809021]
[0.19406385719776154]
[549.5963134765625]
[2.752876043319702]
[2.813937187194824]
[0.9675374031066895]
[30.638713836669922]
[0.36281535029411316]
[4.95743465423584]
[1.0470588207244873]
[156.3289031982422]
[36.179786682128906]
[111.7116470336914]
[6.420372486114502]
[5.184141635894775]
[6.821047306060791]
[0.7849274277687073]
[15.459005355834961]
[3.346745252609253]
[3.217054843902588]
[0.549277126789093]
[0.16206716001033783]
[5.453290939331055]
[122.13327026367188]
[5.441174507141113]
[9.24332332611084]
[1.1468513011932373]
[160.1038055419922]
[0.17911256849765778]
[1.8240925073623657]
[4.1088643074035645]
[0.8358813524246216]
[13.416306495666504]
[0.9472574591636658]
[282.73309326171875]
[3.1201066970825195]
[1.0137372016906738]
[9.359402656555176]
[6.331276893615723]
[0.3618358373641968]
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
conversion error
[0.6492456197738647]
[3.7218282222747803]
[0.535139262676239]
[0.2817815840244293]
[0.23553884029388428]
[50.85420227050781]
[0.43329688906669617]
[0.2545662820339203]
[0.37969398498535156]
[0.204261913895607]
[3.283754348754883]
[4.039770126342773]
[0.3013828992843628]
[89.74817657470703]
[0.4552060067653656]
[0.28608468174934387]
[0.9022349715232849]
[3.6356887817382812]
[3.570112705230713]
[2.2874011993408203]
[3.6193454265594482]
[377.7137145996094]
[0.25482678413391113]
[0.36213546991348267]
[0.10310915112495422]
[2.218985080718994]
[0.12936760485172272]
[0.27994397282600403]
[0.16554442048072815]
[0.311021089553833]
[5.210926055908203]
[2.115159749984741]
[2.2591094970703125]
[0.15306131541728973]
[0.3013642430305481]
[0.3131675720214844]
[0.27521881461143494]
[0.2173898071050644]
[0.48418673872947693]
[0.7166876792907715]
[0.3002132475376129]
[0.302606463432312]
[4.284281253814697]
[0.18537288904190063]
[1.4397457838058472]
[0.18043243885040283]
[0.8996483683586121]
[0.5493795275688171]
[0.15493322908878326]
[11.4830322265625]
[0.5500550270080566]
[44.33339309692383]
[0.27215445041656494]
[0.2084541767835617]
[0.29653048515319824]
[121.03131866455078]
[4.45721435546875]
[0.07830864191055298]
[3.398965358734131]
[4.0354719161987305]
[0.27579209208488464]
[0.12252259254455566]
[0.09321325272321701]
[0.08199266344308853]
